Would you be able to give your car up? Having to ride with strangers on the bus to reduce pollution. Would you be able to pay the fines after driving your car?

Most people nowadays wouldn't give up their car to save their life. We've been so used to having cars since they came out we've just forgotten what It's like using our bikes, or walking from point A to point B. "70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold their cars to move here" Says passage number 1 paragraph 3. Imagine selling your car just to live somewhere else. Not having a car would for one, reduce the amount of pollution in the area, but two, also reduce the amount of stress. Come to think of it, it would also lessen the number of deaths. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Said Heidrun Walter. She uses her bike to get from place to place. Which could e a lot more healthy. We most likely wouldn't have so many obese people.

A lot of people have bad health just because of where they live. All these cars polluting the area does not help the fact that most people with asthma, It's just slowly killing them because their lungs can't get enough air as it is. " Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog... the smog rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world." The gas that makes these cars zoom around the world is hurting the enviroment. Polluting our streets, making it so foggy out that drivers can hardly see. Not only does diesel fuel hurt our ecosystem, it hurts our wallets too. How much does the average person spend on gas in their lifetime? A lot, don't you think? You probably have to fill up your tank every week or so, depending how far you drive. Just think of all the other items you could buy instead of having to pay for gas. Shoot, we'd probably all be millionares if we set aside our gas money.

Death. Death is a major problem. Due to alcohol and stupidity plus cars equal not very good outcome. Most people aren't even safe when the drive so it's not like cars can drive themselves and not get in an accident. Police were starting to fine people if their license plate was even or odd, depending on the day. Would you really want to be fined for driving a car? Save the time and effort on your precious little car and ride your bike to the grocery store. Or instead of driving your dog to the dog park, walk him or her there. Maybe instead of running an aron in the car why don't you actually RUN the aron.

Cars cause a lot of problems in most of our cities, countries, states, islands, whever. It would be ten times easier just to tone it down a notch.    