Venus also known as the Earth's "twin" is similar to Earth in many ways which is why it also has benefits despite the dangers they may encounter.

The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursit despite the dangers by how the author shows that it is similar to Earth and by how it has improved over the last few years.

One way that Venus is worth studying despite the dangers is how Venus and Earth are similar.

In paragraph four it shows the like qualities the two planets has. For example the text says, "..Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth". This shows the similar features that both planet has. Another example is how that they both has simlar geological features. Towards the end of paragraph four it states, "... The planet has surface of rocky sediment and includes familair features such as valleys, mountains, and craters". The author is showing examples on how both planets are similar to each other.

Another way is how Venus has improved over the last few years by how it's getting some technology and how some of the features had changed. The text says in paragraph five "... Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. Imagine a bimp -like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. Just as our jet airplaines travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way".

The author is showing that it will be some improvement on this planet which is why it is worth visiting. Also in paragraph six, towards the ending that researches are working on a way to improve our knowlege on Venus.

Overall, despite the risks and dangers this planet might have, it is still worth studying. The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursit despite the dangers by how the author shows that it is similar to Earth and by how it has improved over the last few years. 