Cars have been an issue to our community for a very long time. Car usage has been a problem to our pollution and emission. Limiting car usage would be able to help eliminate the smog that is polluting. There are beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment. May there be many ways that limiting car usage could be an advantage to us.

In Bogata, Columbia, barely any Columbians use cars as a transportation. Most people hike, bike, skate or take buses. There's such thing as a car-free day because, the whole main goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. ""It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," (Selsky, Paragraph #24), limiting car usage would be less stressful by not having to worry so much about cars. People have been fined for causing accidents due to the smog in the air from cars in Paris. Delivery companies even lost renevue when cars were being made. New communities are becoming less dependent on cars. In Germany, areas for cars to be parked are limited, suburbs are becoming more compact and accessible to public transportation. Limiting the car usage would avoid traffic jams, accidents and even death. Cars will never really become a thing that will just disappear into thin air.

If all people did was use cars as transportation, there would be no way in getting that exercise and fresh air you're supposed to get. Due to pollution, it wouldn't be fresh air if everyone keeps driving all the time. Once in awhile, riding your bike or taking walks to places that are nearby where you're staying, would be a healthy decision. Instead of being lazy, walk to wear you're supposed to be.

Advantages in limiting car usage is endless, many reasons come to show that car usage should decrease. Car usage is causing a lot of smog in our air, traffic jams, accidents and etc. If United States had the opportunity to do the "car-free" day, it would show our community how much decreasing our car usage would be like. "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." (Duffer, Paragraph #10), shows to show that limiting car usage should most definitely become a thing.    