"So, if you're a NASA scientist, you should be able to tell me the whole story about the Face On Mars, which obviously is evidence that there is life on Mars, and that the face was created by aliens, correct?" No, twenty five years ago, our Viking 1 spacecraft was circling the planet, snapping photos, when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. Us scientists figured out that it was just another Martian mesa, common around Cydonia, only this one had shadows that made it look like an Egyption Pharaoh. Very few days later, we revealed the image for all to see, and we made sure to note that it was a huge rock formation that just resembled a human head and face, but all of it was formed by shadows. We only announced it because we thought it would be a good way to engage the public with NASA's findings, and atrract attention to Mars-- and it did.

The face on Mars soon became a pop icon; shot in movies, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, and haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years. Some people thought the natural landform was evidence of life on Mars, and that us scientists wanted to hide it, but really, the defenders of the NASA budget wish there was ancient civilization on Mars. We decided to take another shot just to make sure we weren't wrong, on April 5, 1998. Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter camera team took a picture that was ten times sharper than the original Viking photos, revealing a natural landform, which meant no alien monument. "But that picture wasn't very clear at all, which could mean alien markings were hidden by haze" Well no, yes that rumor started, but to prove them wrong on April 8, 2001 we decided to take another picture, making sure it was a cloudless summer day. Malin's team captured an amazing photo using the camera's absolute maximum revolution. With this camera you can discern things in a digital image, 3 times bigger than the pixel size which means if there were any signs of life, you could easily see what they were. What the picture showed was the butte or mesa, which are landforms common around the American West.

"But how do we know you're not just hiding things from us?" You should know NASA isn't hiding anything from the people because if there was evidence of life it would benefit us, so why hide it? If you still don't believe the evidence the pictures are out for you to see, which obviously shows a natural landform. The reason to not believe these movies and magazines is because they ignore the research. They make up things to get the people going, but what they actually should do is pay attention to us, because we have very important findings every single day. 