I disagree in having to make students participate in a sport, or extracurricular activity. Not all students enjoy playing sports or participating in a school activity. Not many parents have the time or money to put their kids in such either, and its also putting more stress on kids during and after school if having to join one.

When being forced to do something such as a sport or school activity the school has to find a variety of the kids liking. Making sure all the kids in his school have a place to have fun at and not just something they have to do and dont enjoy. Having all kids in something at a school can cause running into dept because thats a lot of kids you have to put money towards. Sports can run as much as two to a hundred dollars per kid for any sport, and when having to be forced into a sport that you dont enjoy why waist money. Even when the kids dont want to participate why even try putting your hard working money towards it.

Sports and activities for school are not free. The school has to buy equipment and tools for those opportunities and, sometimes not all parents can physically do that. Sports are a lot of money and when having to be put into one not knowing how you are going to pay for it can be embarrassing. Letting your kid down is the least a father or mother would ever want to do, and when working in the school board having to deal with phone calls from parents saying they cant afford a extracurricular activity would be heartbreaking.

Kids work really hard to put forth effort on school work,homework, and participate in school projects. That can be already enough stress on a kid no matter what age. When having to put another thing on top of school work managing time for sports, and extra activities sometimes kids just cant deal with it. Grades and having a good GPA can come first for some kids. Sports and other things come last. You could probrobaly already have something after school you do and having to move your whole schedule around can be really tiring and stressful.

This is why I disagree on having to make kids participate in a sport or activity. Its way to much work, stress, and money. So when coming down to a decision I agree with a no because having every kid in a sport or activity is absurd. 