The world is facing incredibly drastic climate change due to car emissions and power plants, both are burning fossil fuels. Things may look bad, almost irreversable but the sun has not yet set, there's hope and it comes in the shape of a shifting world wide attitude towards vehicles. Governments are focusing on making green zones designed to limit car use. There are a plethura of positive effects that this may have on society. Reducing the temperature of a rapidly heating planet will allow us to savour our oceans rather than running from them as they grow to envelop our costal cities. It will relieve stress from those who had been trapped in a car all day and last, but not least, it's not difficult and one wont be alone in their endeveors.

To begin, cars emit green house gasses which will acumulate in our atmosphere trapping heat underneath it as it tries to leave our planet. This leads to a cumilative effect that causes the earth's average temperature to rise. In Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars Elizabeth Rosenthal says "Green house gas emitions from cars in America make up fifty percent of all greenhouse gas emitions in the country." America barely has any regulations in relation to greenhouse gas emitions to start with but this is crazy. This problem could be easily solved with a few regulations  and some smart city planning. The benifits of this includes but is not limited to, more temperate climate, less airborne carcinogens and of course no crazy drivers.

Another good reason to switch is riding a bike or travelling on a train or bus is much more relaxing than rapidly driving down the highway being cut off by rude drivers and endangering yourself simply by merging. instead you can lesiurely wait to arrive at your destination. In German Suburb Elisabeth Rosenthal writes a quote from an interview which says "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm so much happier now." This media trainer said this as she walked the streets of Verdant "where the swish of bicycles and chatter of wandering children drown{ed} out the occasional distant motor." This is beautiful, borderline serene, only a crazy person would dissagre with such an environment.

Now traveling all the way across the world, from Germany to Columbia. These countries are both spearheading the experiments with pollution reduction and in Bogata -The capital of Columbia, they actually organize "Car free days" seven million people in Bogota alone participated in the event, violaters would even have to pay a $25 fine. According to Andrew Selsky, the author of Car Free Day Is Spinning Into A Big Hit In Bogoto, "[Even] the rain hasn't stopped people from participating." It seems that, rightfully, this event is treated as a celebration and it has great effects on the environment.

In conclusion these every one should follow suit with this beautiful and healthy way of tackling environmental issues. If people stay on track it will be easy, fun, relaxing and the Earth will be admired for many years to come.                                                             