Dear Principal,

I think that making someone choose to do community service is the right thing to do. To make people do community service is unfair to the people who have after-school activities, tutoring, and other things they have committed to.

Community service should be something that somebody wants to do, not something that they have to do. Some people don't have time to do community service and some people have obligated their time to other things such as piano, dance, football, basketball, and etc. It would be nice for people to give back ,but people can do it on their own time, not on a schedule.

If you did make people do community service, kids will not have extra time to do homework or study. You might see some of the smarter kids grades drop and that means that if you had kids that aren't already doing well in school would be worse in school than usual. I also think that it would put more work on the faculty. Which also means that you would have to start paying more to the teachers and less on what really matters to help educate the kids at this school. You have to pay money towards books, utensils for teaching, and other things needed to get the kids educated.

If my reasons did not convince you then, I think you must have a good reason why you want to do all the community service. I have had many good reasons why you should not make everyone do community service like, money, after school activities and other reasons i hope I have changed your mind. I look forward to what you will choose I think that community service should be something that people want to do and not what you are making them do. This might make people think that community service is a punishment and it isn't, so I feel like they might think that this is a bad thing to do and never want to do it again. I hope that you have taking this letter seriously and have listed your options. Always give things second thoughts because one thing you might think is a good idea, but then later find out that it isn't.

From, a student      