The driverless car is a great concept but I don't believe that our technology is prepared for it yet. There are too many things that could go wrong and that's if the government even lets these cars out on the road. It would be a really great idea, especially on longer trips like our family trip down to Florida every year for spring break. In reality I just can't see it being that safe and successful.

The writer talks a little bit about having special roads for these cars and this is just a concept of mere fiction. There is no way we can embed every single one of America's roads with an electrical cable, it's just not a possible thing to do. With America already in so much debt, I can't see how making these roads a reality would actually help the United States in any way.

Now we are going to scratch the smart road thing because we all know that it's ridiculous, and move on to a semi-possible option-smartcars. My first topic here is that machines always malfunction eventually. No matter how well the manufacturer makes them, they will always malfunction in some way or another. I'm sure these cars will cost a fortune, and with that cost no one will want to update them every three years. Not wanting to update these cars puts everyone at risk for malfunctions. Personally I know I'm bad about taking the time to update my phone, so I'd be really bad about updating my car. Whether that be the cars data recognition is worn out or the technology simply isn't up to date, malfunctions will happen.

When these malfunctions do happen, who is to blame? The car for not working properly or the person for not updating their car? Technically, it is the cars fault for not stopping and rearending another car, but a car can't pay for the damages. I could see a lot of law suits coming out from this, may it be between individuals in an accident or a customer verses a manufacturer. I think manufacturers should really do themselves a favor and say out of this technology advance. Accidents are already not fun we don't need to add another complicated measure to the process.

When I first read about the driverless car I thought it was a great idea, and not until I dug a little deeper into the concept did I realize that there are some things about a driverless car that our society isn't ready for. We don't have the money to help this idea be successful, nor do we have the mindsets of Americans to make it successful. I believe within my lifetime that it could be good to have driverless cars, but for now I can only look at it as a great idea with bad reprecussions. 