Dear Sentator,

My associates and I, have thought long and hard that we should have the Electoral College removed. Why? The Electoral college is unfair, outdated, and boring. We feel as if we should spice things up and be able to decide and presidents wit a majority vote rule. I know what your saying, " The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no cnandidate recieves a majority of the votes cast." With that I want to include that, if a state were to have it's own vote within the state and turn that into a vote then use that as a majority rule everything would be much easier. For Instance, in florida if lets say 72% vote President Obama, then that would be a vote for obama from florida and with the other 49 states doing the same thing then we have a easy way of using the majority rule.

Bob Dole was right we should abolish the electoral college. Why should we vote for someone who half the time picks the president you dont want. There are many reasons why we should ban the electoral college we dont nessesarily have use the majority rules method, but any other idea besides the electoral college i would go with any day. Why? Would you want to keep the electoral college? Why? Do you think this is helping america, its not really doing us harm, but why?

I see you might argue that the electoral college is widely regarded an an anachronism, a non-democratic method of diciding on a president. Is needs to be overruled by another method or even the majority rule. Considering you tried to i assume balance powers by making us vote for electors, who actually they get to vote for the president. You also might say their are five reasons you might want to keep the elctoral college. The certainty of outcome, everyone's president, swing states, big states, avoid run-off elections.

And with all that said. I want just want you to think of other possibilities to use to replace Electoral College. I assur you that if the it is removed and you use the majority rule something similar you can decide a president much faster.    