Phones and driving

Have you ever seen someone on their phone while driving and not paying any attention? It's becoming more common to see drives on the road and using their cell phones. Although cell phones have not been around for a very long time , they have become a key part of our lives now. People today use their phones to check up on social media, the latest news reports and also to stay in touch with loved ones. We should not be able to use phones while driving because not only is it against the law it also causes people to get easily distracted and lose focus on the road ahead.

One reason why individuals should not use phones while driving is because it can cause the lack of focus to the driver. Sometimes it is difficult to focus on the road which makes it easy to forget that the roads are shared by everyone. Not having both hands on the wheel and your eyes focused on your phone can cause a huge accident. Not only can you hurt yourself in an accident you can also hurt other individuals in other vehicles and also passengers in the car with you. For example your phone rings and you get a notification. Why reaching for your phone you can fail to notice major activities happening on the road.

Another reason why phones should not be used while driving. Because driving and on the phone is against the law. According to state law " Drivers may listen to streaming music that does not include videos on the screen of their phone or device while driving but cannot touch their phones while on the road to activate or program any music streaming app.

Streaming music that is controlled by and listened through the vehicle's radio is allowed.

Drivers who need to touch their phones to activate/program their music streaming apps must do so before getting on the road" ("Hands-Free Law") .

Which gives people a clear understanding on what the rules and regulations and the right from wrong are about using phones while driving.

In conclusion phones should not be used while driving. It is a distraction and can hurt others around. You can get in on accident and it can affect your whole life forever. And also using your phone while driving is against the law. Even if you want to check your phone at a stop light still don't. Now the only way you can possibly answer the phone is for emergencies only and the phone must be on speaker so you can still pay attention to the road ahead.

Works Cited

"Georgia's Hands-Free Law Took Effect July 1, 2018." Georgia Governor's Office of Highway Safety, www. gahighwaysafety. org/highway-safety/hands-free-law/. Accessed 30 Jan. 2020.                                                                                                                                                