Distance learning provides an opportunity for students to learn from a comfortable space at home or on the go. Students who are unable, or not comfortable with traditional education in the classroom have a new alternative that gives them a chance that they have not had before. Students can learn more conveniently for their busy schedules from having to go to school, sports, and other extracurricular activities. This helps many who were originally not able to get an education due to the fact that a traditional classroom was unfit for them and their lifestyle. Distance learning provides students with a convenient learning pace, gets parents involved, and a flexible schedule.

Online schooling gives students the opportunity to learn at their own pace. Students who learn in the traditional classroom must learn at the pace at which the teacher has set and due to this some students are left behind and are unable to learn at that pace. With online schooling students get to set their own pace and are more comfortable with their learning experience. At the pace students have set for themselves this decreases the stress on the student and greatly improves their mental health. The improved mental health helps with many other things in the student's education such as behavior and exam scores.

A benefit of learning from home is the increased parent involvement. This benefits the student because if the student needs any help with their schoolwork they can go to a parent for help. With a flexible schedule the parent can help their child at anytime and it becomes much easier for parents to get involved in their child's education. This way the parents get to comprehend what their child is struggling to understand and they are in a better position to help them overcome the challenge. The student does not have to go through the struggles of learning on their own and the parent gets a better understanding of the child's learning capability and where their strengths and weaknesses are.

Although there are downsides to learning from home. While the students are home the opportunity to cheat is much higher since at home there are no teachers constantly monitoring the students work and progress. This creates a very big issue and students are more prone to looking up answers to an exam on another device. Schooling from home also causes the students to miss out on social interaction and the student is less likely to develop friendships and relationships. This takes a heavy toll on the students social and communication skills that will be needed later on.

Distance learning has many benefits such as flexible schedules and the opportunity to seek help from a parent or other family member. Although there are cons to online schooling the benefits greatly outweigh the cons that come with distance or online schooling. The mental health benefits alone are a great benefit that come with distance schooling. This way of learning has students learning in a place that the student is familiar with. learning in a familiar place reduces stress and greatly improves quiz and test scores.