Distracted Driving:

"The use of cell phones while operating a motor vehicle"

From teenagers to senior citizens, the majority of people own a cell phone. People are constantly on the go and life can be busy. Technology has produced many opportunities for people to stay in contact and take care of business all at the same time. Social media occupies people for many hours of the day. The cell phone has become an obsession in everyday life. As demanding as society and life in general is, and people constantly on the go, the use of cell phones while driving can cause accidents and even be fatal.

There are many people each day who rely on cell phones and communication each day for their jobs. Occupations such as lawn service, heating and air conditioning, electricians, and technical repairmen all depend on communication while driving an automobile. Getting in touch with people while being on the go is an unfortunate hazard in many occupations. While there are still ways to communicate and not be driving, people still live a hectic lifestyle. Although work and driving may be part of daily routine, social media is not.

Social media has stormed the world in the past decade. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and many other social media campaigns have occupied people all ages. Access of social media through cellular devices is common among people of all ages. Everyone wants to know what is going on with their friends and family all the time. Even while they are operating a motor vehicle. This can be the epitome of distracted driving.

Distracted driving kills and injures many people every day. Operating a cellular device can cause you to have to take your eyes of the road. When you take your eyes off the road you lose sense of control and can possibly drift into oncoming traffic. When you use cellular devices you have to take your hands off of the steering wheel. This can cause you to lose control and possibly leave the roadway altogether. Operating a cellular device above all makes you take your mind off of what you are doing, driving a car.

The use of cell phones while operating a motor vehicle is not the most intelligent thing a person can do. Anytime you are distracted you can be in an accident. If you enter into oncoming traffic you can be killed or kill another person. There are thousands of accidents every day involving the operation of cell phones while driving. Although many occupations require the use of cellular devices, there are laws restricting the use while the vehicle is in operation.    