Dear Principle,

I think that we should be able to have our cell phones at school and be able to have them on during lunch and other free times and off during classes. It's a better idea because if we couldn't bring them to school at all it might not turn out so well.

If we couldn't bring our cell phones to school, we wouldn't be able to call our parents if a sports practice is done or cancelled from bad weather, or you missed the bus, or you had to stay after for a test or gym make-ups. I know what your thinking we could just use the school phones, but it takes so long to do that, it's so much easier to text or call someone to pick you up, because you have their number in your phone if you don't know it and instead have to spend a couple minutes trying to find their number.

I think we should have them because you could communicate with friends at lunch or other free times, instead of asking if you could go look for them if you had to ask them something. Honestly, if our school did have the rule that we could have our cell phones out at lunch or free times and not in classes, everyone I know would want that, but so many kids would be texting during class and not paying attention. Even if you had the rule that we couldn't even bring them to school, how many people do you think would listen? I would probably bring mine out of habit, for if I have practices or if I stayed after school, but I never text or have my phone in class or even on for that matter. But people would text even more and have their cell phones out way more if we had that rule at school. It would be chaos, kids getting in trouble day after day because of their cell phones.

Either way kids are probably going to still have their phones out and using them. But, I bet if you surveyed the entire school, pretty much everyone would say they wanted to be able to have their phones out, instead of hiding them like they usually do during class. And who knows, the kids at our school might even listen if we were able to have our phones, because they think it's pointless to go against the rules, when they could just wait until after class, during passing time to use them, it could happen........ just not a very high chance of it happening. So, all in all, I think we should be able to have our phones out when we don't have classes, because kids are going to have them out either way, and it would be the easier choice, on everyone, to make, and kids wouldn't get into trouble on a daily basis. And policy one would just be the better decision.

Sincerely,

An 8th grade student at SCHOOL_NAME   