Designing Summer Assignments

Schools in some places require students to complete summer long assignments in order for them to continue their studies over break. Summer assignments are often papers, book reports, or various other works created with the intent of learning outside the classroom. Some schools allow these assignments have the chance to be designed either by students or by teachers. Students should design summer assignments because theyre more empathetic towards others and will reap the benefits that come with teaching their peers.

Summer break is a time for students to rest their minds from the school year and focus on their social and mental health; students understand this mindset better than the more strict mindset of teachers. Students designing the assignments administered over the summer understand the struggles of maintaining a schedule and time management of their peers. The empathy of students will show through the way of constructing assignments with fresh ideas and different perspectives for outside the classroom. Creating assignments that are better affixed to the student mind rather than a teachers strict scheduling allow both students and teachers to learn and relax over the break.

The best way of learning a subject is to teach it to others. Giving students the opportunity to design summer assignments would enrich their leadership and encourage participation. Learning through teaching is a factually supported skill often used in group projects with the use of power points. By this logic it gives students the ability to educate themselves in the way of teaching and leading their peers. Creating assignments with and for peers gives a chance for students to better their communication and cooperative skills. Students would be able to connect the requirements needed to be met and the subjects affiliated with them through research and understanding. The challenge of creating assignments will better equip students in their latter studies and in life after high school.

Some may say teachers should design the assignments because they know the subjects better, but the way for students to understand said subject is through practice, planning, and research of the topics. Giving them a chance to explore the works of design enriches their learning experience. The student body is more than capable of teaching each other as peers in ways teachers are unable to connect. Students should be the ones creating these summer assignments because they are more empathetic and will benefit from the practical skills learned through teaching others. 