To just put it bluntly, the Electoral College is a huge waste of time and pointless processing. It is completely unfair to the voters, who most of the time feel as if they're voicing their opinion for no reason since it doesn't even get taken into consideration. The whole concept of the electoral college in it's entirety is irrational.

Some people want to be part of this country and participate in one of it's biggest most known events, choosing the president but with the electoral college in our way like a stone wall preventing us from voicing our opinions makes it slightly impossible. Although I must state that the Electoral College does help avoid run-off elections according to source 3 by Richard A. Posner, parahgraph 22. This country is practically split into halves, meaning if two canidates won by popular vote but each had around the same percentage of votes the Electoral College would choose an obvious winner avoiding run-off elections and not complicating things further. That still doesn't change the fact of how unfair it is to the voters.

"Abolish the electoral college!" said by Bob Dole in source 2 by Bradford Plumer. Yes I agree, abolish it, tear it down to smithereans, bury it into the ground never to resurface again. The electoral college is like planning a family trip, the youngest sister wants to go to Ohio while her brother wants to go to California, they tell the oldest sister of these two location ideas and the sister goes off telling the mom to go to New York, completely ignoring the other two suggestions. In this scenario the two youngest children are the citizens while the oldest sister is the electoral college, thus making the electoral college irrational, injustice, and unfair. It can be argued that the electoral college does help in some aspects like the certainty of outcome described in source 3 by Richard A. Posner, paragraph 18. But some certainty doesn't go a long way, there can be various faults in this certainty.

In my very argued opinion the electoral college is an outdated system usually old men like to stick to because they're afraid of change. Change is good, especially change that can pave the way to choosing better presidents and giving citizens more of a voice in our country, some of us just need a little nudging. Get rid of this annoying process, in with the new and out with the old.                                                                                                            