Many car manufactoring companies are developing technology for driverless cars. This new technology will allow the car to drive itself with little to no help from the driver. By the year 2020, Mercedes-Benz, Nissan, and Audi hope to have cars that drive themselves. This new technology could bring some problems to the roadways.

The problem of texting and driving is already getting out of hand in this modern time. Many people in this modern time own a phone and most of them text and drive. This new technology would tempt the driver to be on their phone while the car is driving itself. If something were to malfunction in the car, the driver would have a greater chance of not getting control of the car than if they were staying alert and driving themselves.

When more and more technology is put into a car, more problems can arise. With so many working parts crammed into one car, there is a higher chance for the car to overheat. This can lead to an engine fire which can envelop the car in flames and endander both the driver and passengers, as well as the persons who come to rescue the victims.

When driving, safety should be the top concern for anyone. Not just for them, but for the safety of the passengers as well as other drivers. With this new tecnology, parents of young children could let their child opperate the car without the child having their licence. Driving on any road is no position for a young child to be in. Children do not have the experience to opperate a car properly. With this new technology, some parents may think that it is safe to let their child opperate the car when they are actually putting everyone in the car at a higher risk of injury and possible death.

In conclusion, while driverless cars may be an idea not far around the corner, this new technology could arise some problems. Texting and driving cases would dramatically increase with the new technology. Also, all of the technology put into the car could cause the car to overheat. Finally, parents may think it is fine to let their young child opperate the car on roadways. When really they are putting the people in the car at a greater risk of injury.