Do you get advice from people? Many people do but some just go off what one person says to do. Most people like to have more than one or even many people give them advice before they make a choice. There is nothing wrong with only getting advice from one person but it might not be the best option. Most people tell other people something but can not relate to what is going on. As people we might tell other people things we would not normally do. I think it is important to get different people to give you advice because multiple people can help a person make a better choice, it can help a person change their out look on the matter, and it is better so one person can not tell you something and try to make things worse.

Getting advice from different people can help a person because people have different point of views. This is a good way for people to view and and better understand their options. Advice from others will help people see what is good and bad for each option. When people explain why they think it is a better option it will be easy for the person to pick a side or a choice. Since everyone gives different advice it will help make better options more clear. When you get advice from other people you only get to see what they think.

When getting advice from people it can help change someone's out look on the matter. When people give you different advice you get to see both sides of what is going on. This may make a person change their mind or even choose to something else. This is a good way to view what people are trying to tell someone to do. This type of advice is also a good way to learn how to help give other people advice. When people change your out look it will help make you choose what is best for you.

Another reason I think it is good to get advice from more than one person is because people can try to tell you the wrong thing. This could make things worse because they are giving you bad advice. That means they are not trying to help you but, they want you to do the wrong thing instead of what is better for you. If a person who does not like you gives you advice it can mostly likely mean they want you to fail or make a bad choice. When people get advice from many different people they will not have this problem. Therefore people who who have not been through what you have going through can not really relate or understand what is going on. This means you want advice from people who really knows how to help.

There are many reasons why getting more people to give you advice is better than just one person. People who get more advice tend to make a better choice then people who have one person telling them what to do. When you get advice you should want more than one person telling you what to do. When you get the right advice it will make the right choice clear and easy to pick. It is important to get different people to give you advice because multiple people can help a person make a better choice, it can help a person change their out look on the matter, and it is better son one person can not tell you something and try to make things worse.            