NASA should explore Venus even thought there are going to be many danger on the trip because it will help them figure out if Venus was just like Earth long ago, and it would be a shorter time to travel then the other planets. They call Venus "Earth's 'twin' " because there are so many things on Venus that are just like to Earth which make you want to figure out if humans use to be able to live on it a long time ago.

Venus is just like Earth in many ways and the only way to find out if it use to have water, and supported various forms of life is to travel to Venus. "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most-Earth-like planets in out solar system." They have made the hypothesis that Venus could've been just like Earth because they still have some of the features that we have on Earth today. "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." Since our twin is our neighbor planet the comparison between the time frame of Mars and Venus. Venus would have the shorter time since it is closer which means that we could do something and figure it out faster than we did when we went to Mars. "Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel." Even if we could travel to Venus there are always risks to going on many excursions like this.

Yes there are many risks to going to Venus and here is why we shouldn't "A thick atmosphere of almost 97% carbon dioxide blankets venus... On the planets surface, temperatures average over 800 degress Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric presuure is 90 times greater." These could be very bad for humans because humans can not survive under that temperature nor could they survive under that pressure so some people could call it a suicide mission. Another example is " ... Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our Solar system." This makes it even harder for humans because they will have to make a suit that can survive those temperatures and protect the human inside the suit while they are on the surface of Venus. Another is example is "... Beyond high pressire and heat, Venusian gelogy and weather present addiotional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning storms strikes probes seeking to land on its surface." Any of that natural disasters could destroy the space craft and kill the human inside or just make it even harder to survive.

Yes there are many reasons of why we shoudn't take this trip to Venus, but there are ways that scientists have figured out to avoid and make the trip safer. For example " NASA'a possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray." Which means that you would be able to avoid all the natural distasters and avoid the dangerous ground conditions. It also says "At a thrity-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Farenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of the sea level on Earth." Now that they have figured out that they can do this it would make it safer for the Astronaut and overall safer in the aircraft because they can figure out ways for the aircraft to be safer.

NASA should explore Venus even thought there are many dangers to the trip because it will help them figure out if Venus was just like Earth long ago, and it would be a shorter time to travel then the other planets. Now that you have read my essay you have seen the good things and the bad things about going to Venus. There are many reasons why we shouldn't go, but there are many ways that the scientists have thought about to overcome the harsh conditions on Venus. Venus may be dangerous, but being the first country to go to Venus and to feel the excitement about getting to our goal would make you feel even greater.              