Limiting car usage nowadays is very well for the enviroment. Not using cars so much lowers polution, and is a great way for humans to start interacting with one-another again.

The "Car-Free cities" started in the suburbs of Germany. Almost everyone completely gave up their cars. P2 L1-2 states that stret parking and drivewats and home garages are generally forbidden. If you are not completely car-free you pay $40,000 to buy space to park you car(s) along with a home.

Statistics say that 70 percent of families d not own cars anymore, and 57 percent actually sold their cars to move to Germany. Heidrun Wlter stated "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way".

In Paris, due to near-record pollution, they enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city.

On certain days motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a $31 fine. the other days same rules apply to odd-numbered license plate owners.

The more cities that start doing a ban on driving cars' or use more enviroment healthy cars are helping reduce pollution and other toxins in the air. p43 states that the Ford company is already making changes to their cars/trucks to make them more enviromentally safe.

The rate of Kids and aduts between the ages of 16-39 getting their licenes and permits have dropped drastically within the past few years. With communication the computers and telephones, teens and alduts feel connected by talking on these devices and don't feel the need as much to drive to go see a friend and find it easier to stay intouch.

In Bogota, Colombia millians of people hike, bike, skate or took buses to work durin a car-free day. It was the third year that cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Wihout Cars in the city. The turnout was large, despite the occasional rain they ecieved, that didnt stop the colombians for doing what they did.  "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" said Carlos Arturo Plaza. Two other Colobian cities, Cali and Valledupar, joined the Day Without Cars event. The citites are generation a revolutionary change in the world.

Parks and sports centers have bloomed throught the city, sidewalks have been repaired and rush-hour has been cut.

The United states' has realized a drastic change in driving. Fewer people are getting their licenses. as of 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in 1995 (P32 L9-12).    