Should You Drive While On The Phone

? I say that you shouldn't be able to drive while on the phone because there are many reasons why. People might think it isn't a big deal to drive while on the phone but it really is because it's dangerous. Some things that you think can't happen while your on your phone can happen to you or anyone. I'm going to explain why it's a big deal to not be on your phone while your driving.

? The first reason why you shouldn't be on your phone while driving is because you can harm yourself. The way you can harm yourself is you can crash into something and get hurt. Or you can be on your phone and not know what is in front of you and end up hitting that object. And hearing is very important while driving because you need to hear your surroundings.

? My second reason is that you can also get distracted by the small things that you could've avoided. Like if your on your phone and a light turns red and the person in front of you stops you might hit them. And you might not have meant to but you weren't paying attention and now there is a problem. Also you can get distracted by listening to loud music and you can't hear if a cop car or fire truck is coming behind or in front of you.

? My last reason is that you can also harm someone else by being on your phone and not being aware. You can end up running into someone's car and hurting them really bad or even worse. That person can be harmed really bad and you might not be but that other person is. Then you have to explain why you got into that car accident and you don't know what to say because you were on your phone. Or even worse you might end up killing the person that you hit because you weren't paying attention because of a text message.

? I'm just mentioning all of these problems because being on your phone is a dangerous thing while driving. Things can happen to anyone that you run into by being distracted by the small stuff. Being distracted is a problem because it takes your eyes off the road. And then something can easily happen really fast and you won't even see it coming.          