"Pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety." Owning a vehicle helps get people from one place to another faster then just walking but some people really don't understand that there are advantages to not owning a vehicle. In the excerpts "In German Suburb, life goes on without cars", "The end of car culture" both by Elizbath Rosenthal and "Paris bans driving due to smog" by Robert Duffer, all explain how limiting car usage can help lower emission and conserve resources.

In the excerpt "In German Suburb, life goes on without cars" by Elizabeth Rosenthal explains why limiting car usuage would help lower emissions. For example, "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States. Cars are polluting the eniviroment that we all live in and are destroying the atomosphere because of all these greenhouse gases swirling through the air because of the use of cars. Furthermore, referring to another excerpt "The end of car culture" from Elizabeth Rosenthal also, proves why limiting car usuage will lower emission rates. For instance, "What most intrigues me is that rates of car ownership per household and per person started to come down to two to three years before the turndown...it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants." As you can see owning a car can be a advantage to your personal life but the enviroment is suffering because of the fumes from the vehicles everyone own but if less people start to walk more, ride bikes or even hike the enviroment wouldn't be suffering from so many emissions.

Likewise, in the excerpt "Paris bans driving due to smog" by Robert Duffer highlights how limiting car usage can help conserve resources. For example, "After days of near-record polution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city...[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world...Cold night and warm days caused the layer of air to trap car emissions." Going back to what Rosental was pointing out emissions are still triggering the atmosphere. But, that is not the only thing that is being blamed for pollution. "Diesel fuel was blamed, since France has...[a] tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in France, compared to a 53.3 percent average of diesel engines in Western Europe, accoring to Reuters." Without any gasoline nobody will be traveling from one place to another so to conserve resources people are better off limiting the usage of their cars.

In conclusion, using cars less would help to lower emissions and conserve resources such as in this case gasoline. If everyone keeps driving aroud in cars the air is going to be full of Greenhouse gases and eventually resources to run cars will soon run out. Then without a car to take people where they need to go people will have no choice but to walk, ride a bike, or take public transportaton because everything id worn and ran out. This is why limiting car usage is a advantage for fellow citizens because it helps lower emissions and conserves resources.    