In my opinion, I don't think that you should use technology to read emotions for classes. I think that because the students should know whether someone is sad, happy, or angry even if it's hard to tell. They should not use technology to tell someone emotions, that means that they're going to use that technology more and more and it could either damage the future or probably fix the future but I think that they shouldn't use it. For people that can't tell how someone is feeling, it can be harderfor them to tell because even though that technology is in one class, it could be in any class and people that don't know how to tell emotions, it can get harder for them because all they can remember is looking at the computer and not looking at an actual person face figuring out how they feel. It shouldn't be in classes because it'll most likely cause problems for people who have trouble seeing emotions and causing peopleto use it more insread of looking at someone's face and saying that it's hard to tell either if they're sad or angry.

Technology is big nowadays, which mean more and more new inventions would come into the future. Yes, this invention can work pretty good but it can also cause problems. Just by looking at the muscles of the human face on a computer doesn't mean you can tell that one person is angry or happy, there's so many emotions in one person and you can guess angry but instead they're sad. I think that students in class that has this technology should look at people's faces and tell if they're sad or happy. The Mona Lisa is an amazing example, it's hard to tell if she's either mad or happy, and instead of using technology to figure that out, look at her face and see if she's either angry or happy.

If this technology is in every class, then student's would just guess based on that technology to see if someone is happy or sad. Student's should use paintings or pictures to tell that person emotions. I think that the only time to use that technology is to look at the face muscles and not just telling if someone is happy or sad. If someone that I know is sad would I use that technology? Absolutely not, I'll just look at their and see if they're sad or not. So my opinion on this is don't use it for people's emotions, use it to just look at the face muscles and describe what they are. 