Is asking multiple people a better choice than asking one person

How can asking multiple people about advice better? Sometimes the persons advice can be bad. People think differently, so it can lead to different outcomes. Not many people can understand the advice they ask for.

All in all, asking multiple people for advice is better than asking one person.

First, you could be asking someone for some advice, but it's not good advice, so you ask someone else. You can ask a random person for advice, and the give you some advice you would never do, then you ask someone else. People can ask other people for advice, because the person they ask before gave them some advice that they know they would get you in trouble. In summary, asking one person for advice and that persons advice is bad, you can always ask someone else.

Secondly, you can ask as much people as needed for advice, but they can all lead to different outcomes. You can ask your friend for advice, and they give some good advice, but your scared of the outcome, so you ask someone else. Sometimes you could be scared or nervous about the outcome of the advice someone gave you, that you ask another person. Many people think differently, and have different outcomes that you don't like, you can keep on asking other people. In total, people minds think differently, and they think about different outcomes that you are terrified or nervous about, so you ask someone else.

Third, you might not understand the advice people give you, so you ask someone else to see what they say. People can give some good advice, but at the same time say it in a way not many people can understand. Some people can think of great advice, but they don't know how to put it in words. Many kids and adults get nervous sometimes when their friend ask for advice, and they mumble or stutter what they are trying to say, and their friend can't understand what they are saying. In conclusion, not many people can understand advice other people give them.

Finally, asking multiple people what they think you should do, is better than asking one person. You can never know if the person you ask for advice, is going to give you good or bad advice. Some people give different advice, which can lead to different choices. Not many people can give advice clearly. To conclude, asking more than one person for advice is a better choice than asking one person instead.       