Do you believe that at home classes are benefitial?

Persoanally I think that at home classes can be a good way to learn if the student uses the class correctly.

What I mean by this is that if the student takes the class seriously and actually does the work; and not just cheat on all of the assignments then yes they can be very benefitial for a couple of reasons.

But not everyone thinks that these classes are good by anymeans.

Some people even dispies a online class.

But that I believe just depends on the situation the person is in.

Distant learning classes can be benefit children who have disabilaties or autism, does not learn well by teachers lecturing, or has trouble making friends and getting along with other students.

The first reason that I think distant learning classes are a good thing is if a person has a disabilitie.

These classes would benefit this person in a couple of ways.

The first being that the child would be able to stay in the comfort of his or her home and still be able to take his class.

This could relieve a lot of stress off of the person because they would not have to react with as many people as they would at school.

Just the other day I was talking to a friend with autism and he informed me that having stress while being autistic can be very bad for you and that his doctor highly suggest that he has little to no stress.

And everyone knows how much stress is caused by having to get up everyday before seven o'clock to come to school.

To add onto that the amount of work that teachers cram into one day is readiculous and personally with me taking online classes you do not nearly have as much work in one day.

Not that you do not have the same amount of work it is that it is just spread out throughout the course and not everything crammed in one day.

Another way that it can help a person with a disability is if that person is seriously injuried and it causes a huge strain on the body for them to get up and come to school.

They would not have this if they can lay in their bed and do their work.

Another thing that is possible is that the student does not learn well by being lectured to or by learning from someone else.

It would benefit them because they get to move at their own pace and be able to teach themselves the information.

I know many people that can not stand to sit infront of a teacher and hear them talk for fifty minutes or however long your class is.

I can defenitly relate to this because me being an eleventh grader at Generic_School i personally take online and inclass classes.

And for mean I learn and do much better in an online class.

This is because it is very easy to get distracted by anything while sitting in class and lose your focus.

But for an online class you can mainly do the work whenever you want so you can make sure you are focused and ready to go whenever you start working.

If this is the case than online classes are perfect for you and I would highly reccomend them.

But many people say that an online class is horrible and not worth your time.

They say this because like I said many people will take an online class and use it the wrong way.

If this happens the person is really not learning anything.

However more people would beneift from an online course if the person can not make friends or just has trouble getting along with people.

For example if the student has very bady anger issues and gets into a fight every week than obviously this student can not stay in the school enviorment.

Then in this case an online class is perfect for this student.

Because they do not have to react with anyone throughout the day if they do not want to.

Another good example is if the person is being bullied really bad at school which we all know happens everyday to someone at your school.

In this scenario the person ebing bullied needs to be taken out of this enviorment.

Because so many people die from suicide because they are bullids every year.

But you still do not want the person to get behind from his or her class and cause them to not graduate when they are suppose to.

Which is why an online class is so perfect because you can surround yourself with only people who love and support you and never have to see those people who were so mean to you.

In conclusion distant learning classes are not for everyone and some people hate them.

But for those people that do like them or need them they help that person out tramendously.

And in the end the person will probably end up doing much better in that class then the in class one.

So many people benefit from an online class and no one even sees this so if you do not take an online class it is probably hard for you to understand why they are so good. They help people with disabilaties, people who do not learn great, and people who just have trouble making friends.

And their are hundreds or thousands of people like what i just mentiioned that would beneift from a online class majorly.   