TEACHER_NAME

SCHOOL_NAME

Des Plaines, Illinois , 60016

To TEACHER_NAME:

February 15, 2011

I feel that the change in the requirements from C to B is a smart move.

Students on sports teams are oftentimes treated better than those not on the teams, and requiring them to do schoolwork on par with everyone else is a very good step to take. Our students have to aim to be the best.

If the students are forced to make B grade then they will be forced to study and do everything their fellow students must do, so we will finally be treating all of our students equally.

It's not hard to get a B average, athletes just simply don't get the grades because we aren't making them.

Students on sports teams oftentimes will only get a C because that is all that they shoot for.

They know they only need a C to do what they like, while everyone else gets B' s or A' s because that's what they need to do in order to achieve something.

Our Athletes need have the same standards our non-athletes have for themselves.

They need to go for A' s, and, failing that, need to achieve a B average.

Students need to aim for their best so that we, as a whole, can achieve more, even when they graduate.

In our school, athletes are oftentimes looked at as, "They're fine getting a C, they're on the sports team."

That is simply not the case.

If we let people with a C be fine just because they're on the sports team, what happens to our students who need to get A' s to appear "acceptable."

They need to get A' s to be good students, while athletes can get a C so long as they're on the team.

This is discrimination, quite honestly.

While not racial discrimination, this is discrimination based on the person's status of "Athlete" and "Non-Athlete."

Athletes oftentimes can easily achieve a B grade point average.

The reason they aren't is that they don't need to.

If they need to get a B, we may see a rise of A 's in addition to what surely would be a huge amount of B 's that they need.

We just need to make them need it, and they will get it.

It would be more effective than any other way you could increase their grades.

Students need to be pressured to make the grade.

The only problem is, how to implement the change.

The change needs to be implemented gradually, and at the beginning of a quarter.

If we implement it in the beginning, athletes will have the entire quarter to maintain their A or B average.

We also need to make it clear to both the teachers and the athletes that they need a B average.

We need to tell them before it happens, and remind them of it while they're still in class. The school needs to have a B average minimum for all of it's athletic teams.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME