Venus is the second planet form our sun, while Venus is simple to see from the distant vantage point we have here at Earth, it has been difficult place to examine closely. Venus is oftern referred as Earths "twin" and is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size this is why we should research Venus as a planet more. Venus is also relatively close to us so we should definetly invest more money researching even though there are some problems.

The athor states that Venus has proven many times before that it is not an easy planet to study. Each mission to land on venus was unmanned and for good reason, no aircraft would last more than a few hours. This explains why not a spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. Many things contribute to Venus's reputaion as a challenging planet for us humans to study. Some of these things are a thick atmosphere of 97 percent of carbon dioxide covers the Venus, even more challenging are the clouds of extremely corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere and on the planets sufare the average temperature is over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the pressure of the atmosphere is 90 tines greater than what we experience on our own planet. These conditions are far more intense than anything humans can find on earth. An enviroment like venus's Would crush a submarine accustomed to driving in the deepest parts of the ocean and would liquefy minerals. All these things plus more is why every mission so far has been unmanned, and why there hasnt been a singe spaceship that has landed in Venus in almost 3 decades.

Despite all of the potentially dangerous things about Venus there is still alot to benefit. NASA or The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has an compelling idea for sending humans to study the cloudy planet. NASA's possible solution to the hostile condtions on the surface would allow scientists ti float above the fray and study without harm. It's a blimp like vehicle that hovers 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian. Hovering over venus would avoid unfriendly ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. The author says "Maybe we should think of them as challenges."

By the end of the article the author says "striving to meet the challenge presented by venus has value, not only becasue of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors."