Every person needs some form of transportation.

For most people that form of transportation is a car.

Cars are used not only as transportation but are also used for recreation and competiton.

Self-driving cars may take away from the recreation and competition parts and make the hobbies of many people become non-existant.

One could argue that roads would be safer with cars capable of driving themselves, but the reality is a computer is no replacement for a human brain.

A computer with all the little circuts and fuzes it has is not able to make a decision that solves problems beyond the one it is currently faced with.

Therefore car accidents will stil loccur and when an accident does occur who is to be held accountable?

Who wil pay the cost o fthe damage? "Who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?"(paragragh 9)

One cannot simply say that the the dumbest car is the one to blame.

Nor can he or she say that the drivers are at fault if they had no control over their car.

Driving can also be used as an escape.

Some people race their cars as a hobby and others just enjoy a nice Sunday cruise around town.

Either way they are not driving so they will not find the refuge from day-to-day life they seek.

What would be the fun of going to a track and sitting in a car you love and then have it drive itself around the track.

Pushing a car ro its max and diving into corners and accelerating out of them is what makes driving fun.

Without the roar of an engine reving at eight thousand RPM and the squeal of tires barely golding on to asphalt what would racing a car be?

A major issue with autonomous cars would be that of cost.

As the founder of the Google Car Project said "Radar was a device at the top of a hill that costs two hundred million dollars.

It wasn't something you could buy at Radio Shack."

The U.S. cannot afford a road system that will put us deeper into the sixteen trillion dollar hole we are in.

The price of cars would also rise making them for only people who could afford them.

A car with a higher price tag means a smaller market will be able to purchase them and less money is to be made.

Less money made means less money spent by the employees and that will make the economy worse.

Creating cars that drive themselves will take away from the hobbies of many people.

Transportation is a must in modern society.

Wether it is public or not people need to move from place to place.  