when people is asking for an advice most people ask more than one person why do you think it helps them make better choices. There are a lot of persons with more experience then other. Why do you think that, well I have some reasons that explains, why most people ask more then one person.

One of the reasons is that you are not shore about the advice this person gave you and you ask like your grandpa.

And your grandpa says the same thing now you be more convince of what the first person tolled you. also you be like that person was right of what he told me and later you be asking him for more advice and he will be Abel to help you.

The second Reason is if someone you ask dose not know the other person might know what advice to give you Also it can help you a lot and if you don't believe this person you go and ask some other Peron and after you will realize that the advice was a great advice and you will feel better.

Also the third reason is that one person can have more expierense then other you can ask a kid of your age and they might not know what to say. But if you ask a adult they might know but mostly the persons that might know more are your grandparents. because they have lived more in this world and a lot of stuff might of happen to them so that why. I think that the persons that knows more about advice are your grandparents your grandma your grandpa or maybe your mom or dad but mostly your grandparents.

So that what I think of that why you should ask more then one person I give you the reasons aged One is because more then one or two persons or even more can convince you of the advice the first told you. Two is if the first person you told dose not know maybe the other person can know what to say to you. the tired one is that one person has more experience then the other one like a senor can know more then a kid well he defenetly knows more then a kid because a kid just stared living his life and a adult and a senor have been living more time then a child perhaps yes a teen can know more about technology but a adult has more expirens those are my reason you should ask for more then one person oppinon so you can be shour of the advice and yourself.