Phones and Driving

Look around you! All you see is people from all ages staring at a device all day which is a phone. People are always stuck on their phones, that it seems they can never let it go while:working ,at school,cleaning,and driving. Some things caused by using your phone while driving are car accidents, irresponsible people driving, or you can get a fee.

Phones can be such a distraction to everyone at anytime including while driving which is a safety hazard. A major cause of deaths in the US is motor vehicle accidents because of phone usage most of the time. "About 33,700 people die in motor vehicle each year" shown on CDC. This means that some of the accidents are from phone usage and other factors, but if people stop using their phones while driving their could be less accidents in the future. In the article "Mobile phones and driving safety", it stated that,"In a 2011 study it was reported that over 90% of college students surveyed texts (initiate,reply,or read) while driving." It proves that even adults can be immature that they use their phones while driving even when knowing the possible consequences they may have. If people continue to use phones while driving then the rate of death will get higher and people would think that nothing will happen to them while using their phones.

Many people may say that teens are the ones driving irresponsibly by using their phones when operating a vehicle. In reality, everyone from every age is irresponsibly driving. According to an article of " Teen driver source", "In 2015, 42 percent of high school students who drove in the past 30 days reported sending a text or email while driving."The other half were most likely adults in which adults should set younger people an influence because they learn from them. In another passage on "Science Daily' stated that, adults are always on their phone while driving with young kids either by sending a text, reading texts, on social media, or their just distracted driving. I believe that the adults should be more cautious including the teens but adults tend to have younger kids with them in the car.

Both the adults and teens are guilty of driving on their phones, but they should learn sooner to avoid any type of tragedy.

Each state in the US has their own laws to protect their people. Since some don't listen the people in charge of the state they've made laws for people who drive careless. About 43 states have prohibited drivers to text or even be on their phones (Facts & Statistics about texting and driving). Even though not all states have been prohibited of being on their phones, almost all of them have which is a good difference. In some states if the police stops you for the first time for texting and driving, you can get a fee depending where you live. For example, Georgia has a fee of $150, Florida has one of $30,and New Jersey has one of $400. The fee law is a good option because if they stop you a second time then you could have jail time if you didn't learn the first time from the fee. If the US keeps making stricter laws of being on the phone while driving then the people will learn.

In conclusion, driving while using your phone at any age isn't right. By one simple distraction something tragic could occur. It's not always teens driving reckless, but if anyone act young by not responsibly driving then they could get a fee they have to pay. Driving while using the phone should be taken more serious to prevent any issues.       