Hey you! Do you need some advice about something and you just don't know what will give you the best answer? Well you are in luck because this may help you! Talking to more than one person for advice is the best solution. Seeking multiple answers can help someone make a better choice because it can prevent bias, you will have more answers, and you will feel great at the end. Listening to more than one opinion is more reliable than just listening to one. Whenever I ask for some advice I always talk to more than one person because at the end I will feel good about myself. Everyone have their own opinion about something. If you ask more than one person then you will realize their answers will be different.

Seeking multiple opinions can prevent bias. If you ever watched the news then you know some news sites contains a lot of bias. That is why you hear some people say to read more than one article. Just like reading more than one article, it is more reliable to listen to multiple opinions instead of one. Everyday I look at the media and I see plenty amounts of events happening. Whenever I click on one I will have to look at other articles because I keep thinking there is bias in them. Which is why in the world there are a lot of disagreements which leads to bias in the news, media and even in people that you trust. It is right for someone to have their own opinion, but it is also right for someone to be cautious about their opinion. By hearing more than one opinion, you will get the best advice from multiple people.

You will be provided with more than one answer. Everyone have their own opinion about something. For example, if you asked someone for advice about what to do before a test then one may say "Just eat a mint" or "Eat a healthy breakfast". With the example here I have a lot of options to choose from. If you ever asked your classmate a question and they answered it, but they said they don't know if it's correct then you should have asked your teacher or other classmates. This will not only allow you to get your correct answer but it also allows you to get more than one answer. Having more than one answer is always a good thing because you can look at them and find the differences and similarities. You can also use the extra advice too.

You will feel comfortable after talking to more than one person. Looking back at the last paragraph, I said you will be provided with a lot of answers if you talk to more than one person. It will also make you feel comfortable too! One time I needed some advice for middle school so I asked my parents, teachers, and my older brother. They all responded differently, but I also got a lot of advice too. I felt comfortable because I have a good amount of advice. You will feel better after talking to more than one person because you are sure that the answer they gave you is correct and reliable.

Seeking multiple answers can help someone make a better choice because it can prevent bias, you will have more answers, and you will feel great at the end. After reading this you may still think "Why is this important?". It is important because someday everyone will need to use this technique to make sure they are getting the best advice possible. The next time you need advice or your friend need advice then please use this technique to help you and your friend to get the reliable answers.