In our Galaxy(Milky Way)there are many stars and as we know we have 8 planets but I am going to talk about one planet in special,Venus. Venus,sometimes is called the ''Evening star''.This nickname is misleading since Venus is actually a planet. It is one of the brightest point of light in the night sky,also you can see it from the earth by looking at the North side. While Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe ventage point of earth,it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely.

Venus is the closest planet to earth. Venus orbits the sun at different speeds,this means that some times we are closer to venus and sometimes not. Because Venus is somtimes right around the corner in space terms humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloudly world. Everytime a human sent a spacecaft to Venus,the mission was a failure because the spacecraft they sent culd not last more than few hours. Venus has a atmosphere of almost 97% of carbon dioxide blankets Venus. The clouds are highly corrosive of sulfuric acid in Venu's atmosphere. Its temperature has an average of 800 degrees fahrenheit,ans the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than Earth's atmosphere. Also,Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth like planet in our solar system. as in this passage says that long ago Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported life. Today,Venus still has some features that are analogous to thoose on Earth. Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration(NASA) Is working on other aproaches to studting Venus. For example,some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have benn tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venu's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such a condition.

Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value,not only because of the insight to be gained on the panet itself,but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. Venus could be a fierce planet with its very hot temperatures,its atmosphere's pressure etc,but if once a humans find the way to survive there,it might be our next planet to live on.            