Texting and Driving

Texting and driving can be a huge disturbance while driving on the road. People using their phones while driving has become a huge habit, and it has become an issue around the whole world. People get distracted and get into minor and some major car crashes. It has gotten so bad, that a lot of people have even died from people not paying attention because they are either on the phone or texting while driving. Everybody loves their phones, but we can put it down for a just a while until we get to our location. It could really save a life and even save your life.

Texting and driving can cause car crashes and most of them end up with someone getting badly hurt or even dying. It is not fair to the other drivers for someone to be texting while driving and they get hurt because of someone else's wrongdoing. The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving.

Distracted driving can lead to accidents, injuries, and death. Being on the phone in the car can cause traffic violations. It can be dangerous to everyone around. They can be on their phone and they might not notice that they are speeding or running a red light, and that can end you up somewhere they do not want to be. It can cause death to them and other people around them on the road.

Everyone also needs to be aware of when they use their phone on the road. They are putting not only their life in danger, but they are sharing the road with others. If they injure somebody or kill them. They can end up going to jail because they are always on their phone inside of the car. They have to realize that they are putting other people's lives at stake and it would be selfish to go ahead and not think about that.

Everyone should have some responsibility to put the phone down and keep their eyes on the road and drive safely. Being on the phone is one of the most dangerous acts that anyone can do, and it is because of all this new technology. Do a favor and stay off the phone while driving around.                                       