Do you believe that Smart Cars are positive or negative to aspects of driverles cars? Some people believe that Smart Cars are a negative because was if something happens to the technology who is going to be responsbile the driver or the manufacturer. Although ,I would have to say Smart Cars are a postive, because the Smart Cars would have sensors, and speeds up to 25 miles per hour, and the Smart Car is controlled by technology so the car can control itself through accidents , break itself, amd through work zones. Adding to that, the Smart Car lets you know when there is a problem accuring and it gets your attention.

First, Smart Cars are a postive aspect to driverless cars because the cars would have sensors. The sensors would monitor the surrounding of the Smart Car. In the aricle its says," auto makers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock breakes. With in 10 years, those sensor have become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-controll skids or rollovers". The sensors are placed everywhere aound the car such as:on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, and 4 automatic radar sensors etc. Meanwhile, those are just some of the places.

Next, the Smart Cars can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 miles per hour. In the article it says, " But special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. In facts, non of the cars developed so far one completetely driverless. With that being said, the Smart Car isn't completely driverless, the driver is still driving just not the entire time. The driver is needed when pulling in or out of a driveway. Also when there is an accident or a problem.

Then,since the Smart Cars are controlled by technology, the car can control itself through accidents,break itself, and throught work zones. The Smart Car also lets the driver know if there is something wrong . In the article it states, "They can steer, accelerate, and break themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human drivers must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. The necessitaties the care being ready to quickly get the drivers attention whenever the problem occur. GM has developed driver's seats to vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object.

Finally, Smart Cars, are a postive aspect of driverless cars because, they have sensors, good breaks, and still need drivers to control them. Although, some people might think its negative because whos going to be the one responsible if the technology messes up the driver or the manufacturer, it would have to fall back on the driver and the manufacturer. The Smart Cars have been tested so they should be postive and smart aspect.