Cars are meant to have a driver behind the wheel and alert at all times. Driverless cars could be dangerous in so many ways. If the car is driverless and it needs someone to navigate it through a specific road condition and the driver is not paying attention, a really bad accident could be caused. Although the car is driverless the driver should still be alert, so who's fault is it for the accident? Huge unessacary accidents could be avoided if cars had alerted drivers at all times.

The danger that everyone's life is in around a driverless car is serious. A car cant sense everything, just think if a pedestrian was crossing the street from behind and the car didnt sense him, the pedestrian would be hurt. If a emergency vehicle is coming, flying down the street and the driver is not alerted fast enough the car could do the wrong thing and get hit by the emergency vehicle and everyone in the car could be seriously hurt. This could all be avoived by cars having alerted drivers at all times.

If a car is driverless and it needs it's driver to take control fast and the driver's attention is elsewhere and his reaction isn't quick enough he could be seriously hurt. The attention should always be on the road. If someone has a driverless car they would let their attention wander becuase their car drives itself. If somene is in the middle of texting and the car alerts them to take over and they are not quick enough they could crash and hurt themself or someone else. This could all be avoided by not using driverless cars.

Driverless cars could cause alot of conflict when or if someone gets hurt. If some gets hurts who will the blame be on the manufacturer or the driver? The car is meant to be smart and not hurt anyone but if it does who's to blame for it? If there is a crash and someone's car gets messed up who pays for the damages, the driver or the manufacturer? How will this all be figured out if this car is meant to be more safe than a human being driving the car and staying alert at all times?

So yes, i believe that driverless cars should not be developed any further. Cars are meant to be driven by a human being not a automated system. There are accidents all the time with humans being the driver, to think of the car driving itself i believe the accident rate would be doubled maybe even tripled. It could be dangerous and unsafe for everyone in the surroundings of the driverless car. Unessacary accidents could be prevented if the further developement of driverless cars is ceased immediately.