Imagine being able to enter a car, input a destination, and then arrive there without needing to drive at all. Driverless cars are coming and they are our future. They would be able to drive by themselves using sensors attached around the car and an advanced computing system. According to paragraph one, Google cofounder Sergey Brin, "believes such cars would fundamentally change the world".

Driverless cars will have a profound effect on the world today as we know it. They will be able to do so many things. Paragraph one states that Google cofounder Sergey Brin "envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public-transport taxi system.". The technology of driverless cars today hace created such amazing feats. According to paragraph two, Google's self driving cars "have driven more than half a million miles without a crash."

There are some that believe with have a long way to go with the law until we see self driving cars. Paragraph nine states that "Most drtiving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers.". They believe that without an alert driver at the wheel, the car endangers everyone around it.

Most of the complaints against the safety of driverless cars is being worked on by companies now. For example, in parahraph seven, "The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over.". Other manufacturers are also working on this problem. Paragraph seven states, "Manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the world. While the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver." So many safety systems are ebing put into place, the danger of driverless cars is nearly non existant.

Driverless cars are the future of this country, and the world. The technology will forever change our daily lives we will wonder how we ever lived without it. Transportation as we know it will be changed indefinetly. 