To my friends, I am known as "that robot-loving girl".

They are not wrong. I have been a longtime lover of the Transformers franchise; unfortunately, in my tightly-knit group of friends, there is not one person who shares that interest. On the other hand, the online community of my fellow Transformers fans has helped me band together with people all around the world in multiple collaborative projects. My sole lament is that I could not share this place with others I personally know; however, I know that extracurriculars would allow me to do just so. Although mandatory participation in an extracurricular would seem to many like a bore, they would introduce students to new interests to determine a possible career path, allow students connect with others, and give students an opportunity to learn crucial skills.

It is no secret that many middle school students are hesitant when faced with the question of a prospective career. However, this is mainly because many have never explored the different opportunities that would lead them to their passions - after all, there is no regret when doing something that one loves. Subsequently, middle school is the perfect time to try new activities in order to determine a possible career path. Unlike high school, in which many people begin to feel the time-erasing effects of an overwhelming tide of work, middle school is a time for exploring one's own interests. When I started eighth grade, I enrolled in an elective called "Computers in Art", using programs to create digital animations. I hoped to develop my artistic abilities and apply my interest in art to the Transformers community. Unfortunately, the allotted fifty minutes was never enough; often, with no way of contacting my teammates, I had to resort to working on projects as time-consuming homework. On the other hand, if there happened to be an extracurricular dedicated to film making and animation, the two hours after school that I could spend working on my film - alongside my teammates - would be well worth it. Furthermore, the sheer experience led me to determine that art was definitely a career that I wish to pursue. On the other hand, I also have a deep interest in writing; unfortunately, with nobody to discuss those ideas with, many simply stay as conflicting ideas with the sole question of "Am I worthy enough to be an author someday?" Extracurriculars would allow me to reach out and explore the many opportunities that would lead me to a job that I enjoy.

Going hand-in-hand with the discovery of self-interests and career choices, extracurriculars also provide many a chance to discover people with a common self-interest. Many students circulating throughout Generic_School have uncommon - or even bizarre - interests. Unfortunately, this means that many do not have an outlet to express those thoughts. Even with the prospect of electives, many people are simply not inclined with reaching out to others for fear of rejection. For example, my Computers in Art class was all about film making; however, I was always hesitant to discuss Transformers - "those giant metal things," my friend said - even with the group of friends that I always worked with. Even more so, I hated talking about anime, a type of Japanese cartoon - this was not because I despised it, but rather because many of its fans are commonly stereotyped as cringeworthy. One day - not in Computers in Art, surprisingly, but rather in Physical Education - I offhandedly mentioned to my dance group about one of my favorite anime series. One of my group members - who, until this point, I hardly ever talked to - immediately reacted with elation, stating that she was also a fan of the series. We became friends, especially after I introduced her to the many online sites dedicated to anime; with extracurriculars, I am sure that I would have not only met her faster, but that other people would also have the chance to meet new people with their same interests.

Lastly, a majority of clubs are team-based. Over the years, I have seen many students groan and complain when the teacher announces a group project; they are not completely at fault, given the many group project horror stories when one person does not do their share of work. Since many extracurriculars are team-based, they would provide helpful insight into skills that would be useful to a career in the future, such as collaboration, communication, and unfortunately, compensating for any teammate who may be slacking off. During one of my explorations of the Transformers community, I stumbled across a group of people asking for assistance in starting a fanzine called "Transformers Snapshots". I immediately took up the offer. Together, with many strangers around the world, we put together a fan magazine with artworks and stories from fans. Although we were sometimes faced with the unfortunate prospect of a creator dropping out of the project due to personal reasons, we had to immediately reach out and find a person to fill up the empty slot. Even in the real world, I have faced this topic in the debate team; every single time we prepare for a tournament, the team holds mock debates. Even when writing our manuscripts, discussing possible contentions and rebuttals with one's teammates is always a must; nothing is viable without teamwork and communication. Many extracurriculars would extend this opportunity to others.

School, especially middle school, is not just a place for learning; it is a place of self-discovery and finding what floats one's boat. The real world is filled with challenges and, in the face of those challenges, it is the school's responsibility to prepare students for those challenges. Preparing means extracurriculars; these activities would allow many to set their future job, bond with people over common interests, and build skills necessary for said job; only then will the school have fulfilled its duty.  