Students deserve a break from school altogether. Being loaded with homework day and night, puts pressure on them, let them relax and take a break, to enjoy themselves. So, I do have to agree and disagree on that decision. Let me persuade you not to frement this decision, by telling you the main reasons why I say no and yes .First, kids are not machines, don't overwork them with more school, Let them choose if they can or want to do a extra class, show them that they can make their own choices thoughtfully. And most importantly , let kids be kids whatever they choose to do.

Parents know how to work their kids, especially if they don't want to do the work themselves. But , ease down on the chore list, kids already got it bad enough with homework. Spending all of their time studying, keeping their grades just to make you proud. Kids also need to have fun, like after school they can hangout with their friends, not add an extra class of more work to make them miserable, they already spend so much studying on a regular basis, let them relax and unwind , to be free and calm. Kids are hard- working , give them some credit for what they've already done in the school year.

If your kids want do an extra class, go right ahead ! It's the path that they want to take if they think they can do it , let them. One of the reasons I would approve of this decision is becuase knowing that your child will put anything that their mind can do. Shows determination, progress of their mental and physical strength , responsibility one of the biggest , most important traits you will need to learn in adulthood. Make sure to prepare yourself , cause your kid is growing up.

We all love our kids. We all want what is best for them, protecting them from the pressure on the real world, an extra class might help to show the struggles of balancing work in the real world. Then again , some kids just need to relax from working so hard, just let kids be kids, whatever you ( the principal ) choose ,has to benefit every kid to suceed in the school year. They have already done so much , don't put pressure on them or deprive them of another class that could be needed in life. Don't overwork the future , the future are our kids.

My decision was to pick between yes and no well I have made my choice. I think the extra classes should be an option. So that if any kid wants to do the class, they have the privillage and the chocie, and if not ,they don't have to, by not putting pressure on them to keep another grade up. Kids need to make their own decisions based on their needs and/or wants. They are responsible and capable.

Our kids are progressing to the future, making their own decisions, to show us for themselves that they can get through school without depending on anyone. Proving that they can do this, and do this they can. Kids are special , let us give them the credit and graditude of their accomplishments. Hey , maybe they'll even be gald they had the option , instead of forcing them upon another stack of homework to do. Embrace the options of school, cause in the real world , you don't get a lot of them to choose from.