In "The Chllenges of Exploring Venus," the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The author uses many details from the article to back this claim up.

In paragraph 8 it says that the natural human curiosity will always lead us to discover new places even if we know theres risks. it states in the paragraph that "but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally inyimidating endevors." we will always be looking for challenges and solutions with explorations and many other things. Also in paragraph 8 it states "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself." This proves theres valuable informations we can learn about Venus despite the risks.

Venus at one time was also the closest thing to earth. In paragraph 4 it says "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." this is a worthy persuit because we can discover many things like how did it lose its water, did it used to have life, what event made it unhospitable, etc. To further more go into it the author says, "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." Getting to know more about Venus could possibly let us know more about Earth itself.

Lastly in paragraph 5 it says even NASA has hopes of discoverying new things about mars and maybe being able to get man on another planet. tThis would be huge for mankind. It states "The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has one particular compelling idea for sending humans to study Venus." Also stating imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape"

These are only ideas right now to NASA but could be a possibility to us as humans if we take risks and pursuit studying Venus despite the dangers.

To recap the author suggest that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. Theres details in the article supporting this claim. Like in paragraph 8 saying the natural human curiosity wil always push us to discover new things no matter what. Or in paragraph 4 that Venus was the most like Earth at one point of time. In paragraph 5 its an idea that we have man on Venus but that idea can be a reality in due time if we keep studying Venus. These are the details supporting the authors claim that Venus is worth pursuing despite the dangers it presents.