Driving is the primary way of transportation, to get from point A to point B. It's a great way to reduce traveling time, and traffic is almost nonexistent. Some people would say it's better than walking, or riding a bicycle. But what if we limited these polluting vehicles and replaced our transportation for our daily routine? Well, we can. Limiting car usage can help us from lots of city and/or regional pollution. It can improve safety and conserve the resources we already have. Saving even more time is also something all people want to try to accomplish. Limiting the use of cars can help make this world a much better, and more breathable, reusable, and not a time-consuming place.

To begin with, the answer to why we should limit the use of cars is stated in the form of pure science: pollution. All around the world, from North America to Asia, every continent has a majorly polluted city. Beijing, London, Mexico City, Miami, New York City, you name it! Major cities nowadays are becoming more polluted than ever before, due to gasoline and diesel fuel used in cars today. Overpopulated cities can have too many cars, and too many cars driven can increase the amount of polluted air around us. In document two, the capital of France, Paris, is home to almost ten million people. After days of an almost-broken record amount of pollution intoxicating the city, Paris enforced a driving ban for two days. Cars and motorcycles were forced to be left at home, or a steep fine will be charged. Even though almost 4,000 drivers were fined, congestion in Paris decreased by nearly 60%, after intense smog. Diesel fuel was the culprit to this pollution, due to France's tax policy that favors diesel fuel rather than gasoline. Diesel fuel cars make up about 67% of cars in France, comparing to an average 57% of diesel engines in Western Europe, according to Reuter's. The smog cleared enough on Monday for the French politicians to rescind the ban. In document three, Columbia's capital city, Bogota, had a goal to promote alternatives to personal transportation and reduce the amount of smog throughout the city. Day Without Cars was born, one day every month where cars are not allowed to be driven, or a fine will be charged. The turnout of people was immense, even though rain showers and thunderstorms poured onto the event. Mayor Antanas Mockus stated that the Day Without Cars "was a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." Parks and sports centers rose from the city streets, and sidewalks have been paved for bicycles and ongoing pedestrians. Limiting car usage is not be a bad thing, considering we need the air we already breathe.

Furthermore, limiting car usage is not a bad solution to the global pollution, and is not a bad solution to improve safety and conserve resources, either. Teenagers all over the world are more prone to accidents than any other age group. Getting your license is great, and driving alone is equally as awesome, but having no regard for safety while driving? Not as awesome as it sounds. For an additional document, it's life itself. Driving on a daily basis takes up gasoline, and lots of it. On average, a normal driver takes up about twenty gallons of gasoline a week, if not, more. Diesel fuel used in pickup trucks and semi-trucks is more expensive, but lasts longer than regular gasoline. Resources have dwindled since the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico of 2011, and regular Americans are running out of the food for their car. On the safety spectrum, looking out for a street to turn at, for pedestrians, and for people that may cut you off sounds like a blast, but safety and crashes/accidents end up to be a result in many driving situations. Many people consider for driving to be unsafe, due to the statistics of daily crashes on highways, and even intersections, which happen to be the most dangerous place you can have an accident. Those types of people have put a hold on driving, and have caused a decline in the nation's miles driven per person scale, stated in document four. As of April of 2013, the number driven per person went down almost nine percent. Factors to that decline may have been the 2008 stock recession, or the fact that cars got smaller and more expensive. As a result, more people started to walk to work, or buy a bicycle, like they use mainly in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. Safety is becoming a subject that is mainly disregarded by citizens, and resources are becoming less and less, yet the alternatives for driving, such as walking or taking the city bus, are becoming more and more popular.

Moreover, car usage should become more limited because they are other ways, faster and more efficient ways, to get to your destination. Major cities all over the globe have a multitude of ways to transport people from one side of the city to the other. Taking buses, walking, taking the subway, helicopter, taxis, anything! Except a car. Car use in major cities is almost unheard of, as traffic is everywhere in a big city, and overpopulation can cause the traffic, or at least, be the contributing factor of it. People want to get to another place in sixty seconds or less, and driving in that matter never happens. For example, car use in New York City is busy. Of course, being "the city that never sleeps", cars are not the best way to get around. Walking or taking the subway underground helps get the people around easier and faster. As expected, a large drop in the percentage of teenagers getting there license has occurred, according to ducment four. New York has a new bike-sharing program, and it's skyrocketing bridge/tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities taking place. Driving by young people decreased significantly between 2001 and 2009. Woven into a connected web to save time, new alternatives to the polluting machines we call cars are slowly backing up into reverse, and disappearing from the category of main transportation.

In conclusion, limiting car usage is the best option to acheive all of the contributing factors. Pollution hurts cities and their environments, even their people. The air we breathe is more important than the amount of time it takes reach our destination. Safety improvements need to happen to make drivers have common sense and to not run over someone crossing the street. Resources are limited everywhere, and what we'll do after they've been gone? That answer has not been found yet. Saving time is our number-one priority, and we try to beat our records every time we go somewhere, whether it be using the same mode of transportation, or trying out a new one. Next time, be spontaneous for a day, and don't use a car. Try a new way to get to work; taking the subway and watching a new scene come at you every two seconds; or walk to work and admire the time slowing by around you. Breathe the fresh air like never before. Remember: it's not the destination that yiou should look forward to; it's the journey.    