Some people are better at hiding emotions than others, but with a recent innovation from Thomas Huang, a professer at the Bechman Institute for Advanced Science, hiding emotions may no longer be so easy. With the software that was recently created, computers can read emotions off of somebody's face. This information is discussed in Nick D'Alto's article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," which talks about many of the aspects of what the Facial Action Coding System can do. Though there can be some cons with this software, they are out-weighed by all of the pros, especially ones found in classrooms. In classrooms if a computer can sense confusion, boredom, or even anger then a teacher can help the student with whatever barriers they are facing.

Classrooms contain various emotions, including anywhere from sadness to rage. According to D'Alto, "...the software can even identify mixed emotions..." That can be very valuable for classrooms so the software can read whether the student may be upset and confused, or bored and uninterested. Once the teacher gets ahold of that information then they will be able to help the student and tend to them by their needs. If a student is confused then the teacher will be more likely to be sympathetic and helpful, while if a student is bored then the teacher might give them more challenging work. Although some people may think that the Facial Action Coding System is a phony, it is proven to be otherwise. In fact, it is very well developed and the article states, "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles." Not only has this software been tested many times, it has been constructed so it can read facial muscles and destinguish the emotions well.

Along with the fact that the Facial Action Coding System can help teachers figure out how students are feeling about certain lessons, it also gives teachers more one on one time with students who need the help. D'Alto says that the software, "could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." When the software does that, it can make a lesson harder for the people who need it or easier for others. Since the lesson can modify itself to the needs of students, that gives the teacher to go around and give help to those in need. Not only can a student get help from their computer, but they can get help from their teacher if needed to. That allows for a student to get two times the amount of help that they could get without the Facial Action Coding System. Some people may disagree with this and think that a computer does not have all of the resources that students need to understand a lesson. Though some people may think that face-to-face learning is more effective, it does not always work that way. In the article Dr. Huang says "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication... So computers needd to understand that, too." Every student is different and learns differently. Many times communication is nonverbal and is just by facial expressions. If a computer can understand that as well a teacher does, there is no problem with computers helping out students.

Another reason why the Facial Action Coding System can help students is because if the students know others are confused as well, then they can help each other out. Dr. Huang says that, "The facial expressions for each emotion are universal." If students start to understand how others are feeling about certain concepts then they might not feel as alone. Some students tend to think that it is only them that do not understand a certain subject or unit, but if computers track and show that even though some people might not look worried and they are, students might feel more united. If they are united then that can help each other out and maybe even build friendships. People may disagree with that and say that not all facial expressions are the same, but, "even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression," they are still universal. While one student might be stressing himself out and have wide eyes, a student next to him might just have his eyebrows furrowed. If the computers identify the differences in actions but similarities in emotions, that can really help students.

The Facial Action Coding System is a huge leap in the computer world, and also the education system. If schools took this software into consideration and allowed students to use it, it woud be very beneficial for everyone around them. Kids would get work that suited their abilities and they could get one on one time with the teacher if needed. If the teacher was busy, if the students were able to identify others' emotions from around them, maybe they would not feel so scared to go up to a classmate and ask for help. The Facial Coding System holds many beneficial factors that could help grow the education system and help individual students grow.