Image if you live 10 miles away from your school, and you are in a traffic in your way to school, the class that you need to take is important to you, because that class will allow you graduate. There is a debate about if students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home by online classes or video conferencing. Some people believe that if students attend classes from home that would not benefit them. I believe that if students attend classes from home that would benefit them because students can have the chance to learn the class better, some students live far away from school and some students have to work to cover their responsibilities.

One reason is that students can have the chance to learn the class better. If students do not understand the class the first time, they can review the class the times that they want. Some times students needs an extra explanation about the class, but the teachers are not there to explain. By taking online classes or video conferencing, students can have the opportunity to resolve their problems about their classes.

Another reason is that some students live far away from school and some times they can not attend school. Many students who live away from school, they need to drive to be at school, but some times the traffic could be an obstacle for those students. Some time they can not come to school. But by taking online classes can help them, to stay at the same level, that others students who attend class are.

Finally, some students have to work to cover their responsibilities. Many students are independent and they need to work for pay pay their expenses and needs. Some times they do not have time to attend classes at school. But some students after they finish their woks, they use the rest of the time by taking online classes, so with this they can go to work and then study by themselves. That can help them improve their education and also work at the same time.

In conclusion, I believe that if students attend classes from home, that would benefit them because students can have the chance to learn the class better, some students live far away from school and some students have to work to cover their responsibilities. So schools should offer distance learning as an option for those students who work, live away from school and for those who wants to be better in class and improve their knowledge.