Schooling and learning is essential for the development of a child, but learning in the comfort of their own home is a different story. Many students don't like the school environment of a specific schedule, little to no freedom, and boxy, prison-like rooms, but they do appreciate the ability to learn everyday. Distance learning could be very beneficial to those who are missing class, those who tend to act out, and those who are more comfortable at home because of other barriers.

Virtual learning and online classes could be beneficial to those who are unable to attend school. It is very hard for students to maintain the learning track they are set on if they are not in the physical building where they are getting educated. If a student is sick or traveling, they have to make up their work once they get back, and if they were gone for some time, that work can pile up. Through distance and virtual learning, the students would be able to attend class online. If they are sick and in bed or at the hospital for a few days, they would still be able to learn at the same pace as their peers. These conferences or online classes would help the students with their workload once they got back as well. Many missed days results in mounds of make up work, but the distance learning could help reduce that amount significantly, especially if they sit in to all the classes and do all the work real time. If a student, or a teacher even, is traveling and they cannot make it to the specified class, they would still be able to obtain the information without falling behind. They could video chat in or follow along with online notes in real time to hear or give an explanation.

This way of learning could help benefit those who tend to act out in a schooling atmosphere. Delinquents and trouble makers tend to repeatedly act out since they know that there are, most likely, going to be little to no consequences. They could be pressured by those around them, or they could be bullied into doing what they don't want to do. Teachers would then develop a dislike for the student, and they would try to get them in as much trouble as possible since they keep disrupting the class. Distance learning completely takes these scenarios out of the picture. Those who act out would be isolated from the pressures and repetition of the previous acts, and the teachers would not have the ability to develop a dislike for the student based solely on actions. This could help the student maintain their focus on school instead of thinking about acting outcaused by the social pressures and atmosphere. This could even help them dwindle down the acting out and the disruption since they would be removed from the specific trigger in the classroom, whatever it may be.

Distance learning could also benefit those with learning or social barriers. Many students now a days get punished in class for not paying attention or being distant if they have mental issues or a learning deficit such as ADHD or anxiety. Some students are forced to sit still for hours on end as their teachers do not let them get up and move around since it is a disruption to the class and their teaching. If these students were at home or somewhere else, they would be able to move freely and not interrupt the classroom; they could still learn at the same pace as everyone else without facing consequences for things they can't control. This could even aid in improving the want to learn if the students with these barriers knew there was an other option besides just sitting in a classroom for seven hours a day. Some students do not believe there is a way to maintain a proper education and try to mange their mental health, but this could be a huge step in the right direction for those who are choosing one over the other. They could learn and improve on their own time whenever they felt fit enough to work instead of being forced to come to school to sit still and learn things that they aren't even going to retain since they couldn't pay attention in class. This opportunity allows the students to progress at their own pace, but it still pushes them to do well and thrive in a different environment.

Understandably, students could take advantage of this system by just saying they are sick to sit in on a class from the comfort of their own bed, but this could be very beneficial for the others who physically can't come to school or who can't learn in the schooling environment without getting punished. The amount of students that this could benefit is marginally bigger than those who would take advantage of the system. Some parents don't let students take mental health days or stay home sick because they have a heavy workload, but if they knew about the ability to continue learning while they are at home instead of missing out and doing a bunch of make up work, they might be more inclined to let their child stay home and learn from there instead. Distance learning could be very beneficial to those who are not present in class, those who are troublemakers, and those who have mental illnesses or learning disabilities.