Research has shown that many students have had the option to take online school, but have struggled with it for multiple reasons. Although some people agree that online school is beneficial for students, most would disagree that the negative effects outweigh the positive effects on this issue because students need face to face interaction with one another, having access to the teacher first hand is more efficient than not, and being in a classroom environment is better than a home environment.

First, having face to face interaction with other students helps build social skills. Gaining social skills is a skill everyone needs in the real world. Schools helps to teach this skill efficiently. For example, students need to be able to make eye contact when talking to someone. At school there a many times when a student is forced to make eye contact, whether it's when another classmate or teacher is talking to them, or the student must make a presentation in front of the class. This skill is needed in real life for things such as job interviews or just simply having a conversation with someone. Another example, would be public speaking. Students everywhere struggle with public speaking for the simple fact that they are not made to do it. Online school makes this even worse, with the fact that there is no way to public speak with online school. Teachers grade public speaking on presentations and oral exams in the classroom. Practicing this will improve student's grades. It also improves one's social skills whether the student has to make a speech in front of many other people, or just carrying a conversation with a group of people. Public speaking helps to build confidence and leadership in a student's life and is crucial for the real world. To close, a students social skills are built upon in school and a classroom environment, online school does not teach or help this skill in any way.

Next, having access to the teacher is more efficient than not for multiple reasons. For example, sometimes a question or direction on an assignment is unclear. A student taking online school will struggle because they do not have access to the teacher to explain in more detail what they want the student to do. Teachers explain more in depth what they want the student to do, and are more helpful this way. Having the teacher's assistance first hand helps the student know exactly what to do and know exactly what the teacher wants. Another example would be if the student needs one on one help. Often times students struggle and need one on one help with the teacher. Online school cannot offer tutoring or the kind of guidance a student in this situation needs. Having the teacher on hand helps calm anxiety, frustration, and struggle the student may have. Sometimes it just takes the teacher explaining it one more time for the student to catch on. If a student in this situation is taking online school, it may cause more anxiety, struggle, and frustration and could cause the student to give up. It's easier, more reliable, and more efficient for a student when they have the help of the teacher in person.

Furthermore, being in a classroom environment is better than a home environment. Being in the classroom improves so many things for a student. For example, at home there are so many distractions for a student, but being in the classroom helps keep the student on track and focused. At home there are things such as electronics and chores that could be used as excuses to get away from school work. In the classroom the student has very limited to no access at all to these things. The classroom environment pushes the student to work and accomplish everything they are required to do. The teacher helps with this in the sense that they may ban electronics and other distractions until the student's work is done. Another example that the classroom is better than a home environment is having a time structure that keeps the student on task. At home the student may sleep in or decide to put off their school work. At school the student has a time they need to arrive at school and get started on their work. There are also deadlines that keep the student on track and motivating them to do the work they need to do. Schedules are an important part of a student's school life because it keeps them focused on the task at hand, and motivating them to work at what they need to do. When the students work at school rather than home, they are motivated and kept on track to reach their goal.

To conclude, most agree that online school is not beneficial because the student learns social skills needed for real life in school, having the teacher in person and on hand is much more effective than not, and a classroom environment pushes and motivates the student more than a home environment. As time goes on and online school gains more popularity, students will lose some of the basic skills needed for real life that they would have learned at school. We need to take action now more than ever, and enforce school over online school for the well being of students. 