Kids now a days want all the free time they can get, and during that free time they will do as they please whether it is playing games, reading books, watching TV, hanging out with friends, or just napping. Although the problem with that is those students are not getting outside of their houses, but requiring students to take an extracurricular activity can fix that. Having students take extracurricular activities can benefit them in many ways. For example it allows students to try out more activities to see whether they like it or not, it can give them practice for a future job, and many students already have an activity they do.

Some students always did the same things not wanting to try anything new, but by forcing them to try something new they may find something new they like to do, and find others who like the same things. There was a story I heard from a guy, that when he was younger he talked about how he always hated how his mom would make him go out and try out many different activities from a wide range of chess to ballerina. During that time he learned that he loved math and so he wanted to become a math teacher. This story was not special though because there are many more out there like this one, but the main point of all of them is that sometimes stepping out of your bubble might a lot more fun than it looks. By having them participate in these activities it gives them that stories along with a new hobby to do. It may even inspire some and let them find out what their interested in.

From the start a few students know what they want to do for a job like become a nurse, police officer, psychologist, journalist, or even a football player, and by having them go try out activities it can give them a chance to out one of those jobs and get some experience from them. For example students who want a career in sports could get to practice it with other people who feel the same way about it. Then from there they get to experience what it is like to be part of a sports team having to compete against other teams that are as or more competitive than them. Another example is for journalism the student can work in a school paper making editorials for it or editing them. They could also sign up for a program where they help out other students with their writing. Having experience is a good thing in many ways like it can help you with a future resume or get you a better job. At the end of the road, it might help more to have the extra practice because once you get into the real job your simple mistakes could cost you a job, and some people have already realized that.

At an early age parents started forcing their kids to start trying out different activities like sports, math, reading, music, and much more. Their intentions were for them to find something that they like to do, and once they found out what they loved to do they usually wanted to continue it. As a result of that some students have been doing extracurricular activities for quite a while, which makes it easier for them to complete their task. Having a student done with their task means they might feel better knowing that they did something they love and have complete some of their homework because of it. As a result of loving that activity their friends might want to try it out, and then possibly end up liking that activity too.

In the end having to participate in an extracurricular activity might be more beneficial than it sounds. It gives the students a chance to experience new things and learn more about themselves. While at the same time making new friends and having plenty of fun in the process. It also gives them practice for future jobs by helping improving their skills and just giving them a chance to practice those skills. Another benefit can be for students that already have extracurricular activities because they already know they have fun with it and can help others who do not know what to do for their activities. In conclusion extracurricular activities are very useful whether its to make get practice, find new hobbies, or just continue doing what they love most. 