Voting for a president is one of the most important decisions you can make. This person you vote for will be changing the country for better, or for worse. Electoral colleges are a way to see what each of the states want, although some people don't seem to like it. However, I belive it is a good way to see the majorities of the states, which will take account for the majority of the country.

Some people say that electoral colleges aren't a good way to determine which president is good for the country. They say that it's non-democratic. (source #3) However, you are still voting for the person you want. The people are still making a great contribution to the decision. Because in the big picture, your vote really does count. It's a lot better than not being able to contribute at all. Of course things can be better, but the thing is; everything can be better in some way. Theres no such thing as something that can't be improved in some way. And there is obviously no way at all that you will be able to please everyone. So I think the electoral college is a good way to avarage up all the votes.

While there are a lot of variables in this system, it would be difficult to come up with a more solid way. The main complaint is that people think that this system is not a good way to show who the people really want. However, I think this is is not true. You are voting to get the electoral college votes for the president you think will do a better job guiding the country. Your vote truly does count. It adds more chance of the electoral college voting for your side. It shows that all the states are one, and the majority vote shows what side the people of the state want. And that seems like a nice idea to me.

Some of the counter arguements for electoral colleges is that the bigger states get more recignition. And this is true, but isn't that how it should be? Theres more people in the bigger states, so there will be more votes. However, they all count the same, so they don't really get any special advantage. The electoral college is a fair way to really show what the country wants, and some people don't like it, and I think this is a normal occurance.

The electoral college is a good way to show what all of the states want, by putting the majority vote into account to put electoral votes to show what president should be the leader of the country. There are admittedly some problems to it, but I think there would be even more problems with putting it to a popular individual vote. Every system has it's quirks, but overall, the electoral college is a great way to put all of the votes into account, and it's very more organized in the long run. It may not work for everyone, but honestly, nothing can.                                           