Is online school truly a good tool for learning? With the newer technology we have today, some schools are taking advantage of this and offering computer based classes. While some might think this is a good idea, there are several reasons why this does not truly benefit students because, it would ultamantly unprepare them for later in life. Firstly, It is important that children learn responsibility young so they are prepared for adulthood. Another idea is with online school it makes it very easy for these students to cheat on graded work. Finally, with online school, Students can become too dependent on technology.

Firstly, Children need to know responsibility to have a successful future. The way we can truly prepare children to be successful is to install a responsible mindset. One good way to get them there, is to let them get themselves ready in the morning for school everyday. A child who has online school would not have to do the same necessities as a child who has to go out everyday would. The student who attends online learning would not have to get dressed everyday or even brush their teeth! While the student who attends the Brick and Mortar school would have to; get dressed, make sure they practice good hygiene everyday, and even pack their own lunches and book bags before leaving in the mornings. Children who attend online school miss out on this crucial part of learning how to take care and be responsible for themselves.

Next, students could easily cheat if they have classes online. Those who do classes online are most likely not being supervised. If they are not being supervised during a test, what is stopping them from looking up answers on their phones with Google, taking photos of the lesson to use, or even notes on tests! Some might answer this with "Their parents are home with them, they aren't left unsupervised.". But Most people today work a nine to five job everyday and don't have time to watch their child take a test. For example, I have a class online at my school. Everything is on the website provided by the school, So Students often cheat on their quizzes and tests in that class. But, because is it entirely online, there is no way the teacher would know they are cheating if they finish a lesson at home. But, when it happens at the school or even in my other classes the teachers easily know if someone is cheating on an assignment. In return, Kids who cheat don't get the full reward of actually learning.

Lastly. Students who do online schooling will eventually depend on technology too much. While their classes are taught with an actual teacher through video chat, they will not stay that way forever. Some courses are already completely internet based; the lesson, quiz and even test are all on the website. It is important that children know how to do things for themselves. If their lesson is there, wouldn't key points be emphasized? How will they know what is important to get from a lecture? If students attend an online school, it just adds to the list of things that we rely on technology for. Children need to know how to do things for themselves and not have the internet to do them for them. For example, Amazons' Alexa, she can do just about everything from turning the TV on, to shop, or even turn the Microwave on for you. If we rely on technology and add schooling to the list, we are depriving our children to do basic things.

On the other hand, some may argue that online schooling helps Students who are on home bound. Kids often get hurt from participating in sports or just playing outside. This results in them going on home bound from school. Children who are on home bound can benefit from online school by staying afloat in their classes and also keeping in the seven to three schedule of learning.

But, Kids need social interaction. Social Interaction is a vital part of development. If students have school over the computer or video chatting, they are not getting the proper interaction they need. Yes, they would still see their parents everyday. But, Kids need to mingle with people their age. Just like an adult does not want to be with a five year old all day, dose not mean that a five year old wants to be with a forty year old all day. We can't let children live online through their early years and throw them into the workforce later,They will not be able to act right in public! If you look at children who are home schooled their whole lives, they do not act the same as a child who went to public or private school. The students who learn from home do not get the fight or flight mentality as a student who has witnessed fights or lock downs at school during in their life. You can't shelter a child from the world by giving them online school. They will not be able to survive.

Therefore, Students do not benefit from online school. While home bound students have the ability to prosper with the idea.

It is important that every student learns responsibility to get themselves ready for the day in the morning, not being too dependent on technology, and also not to cheat on assignments so they can fully learn. But, most importantly, Children need the crucial social interaction that is vital to healthy living. Without these factors, a Child would be unprepared to be a successful adult.     