Have you ever gotten good or bad advice from someone you know? If you got bad advice from someone maybe it's because you asked one person instead of multiple people. Getting advice from multiple people is better than getting advice from one person because people have different experiences, you can hear multiple opinions, and you are more likely to get good advice.

Getting advice from multiple is people is better than getting advice from one person because people have different experiences. When I asked my friend Generic_Name if I should play football Generic_Name said I should because it's fun and his team is good, but when I asked my dad he told me not to because when he played one of his friends on his team got 3 bad concussions. After I heard my dads story I decided I didn't want to play football. Hearing peoples experiences on something can help you make a decision whether it be a very bad experience or a very good one.

Getting advice from multiple people is better than getting advice from one person because you can hear multiple opinions. When I was is 6th grade I asked my teacher what classes I should pick for middle school and she suggested all honors and when I asked my parents agreed but when I asked my friends they said they weren't doing any honors and I shouldn't either because it might be too hard. In the end I did choose all honors because I wanted a challenge but I still though about my friends opinions. Even if you don't agree with someones opinion doesn't mean you should ignore it; It is important to hear lots of different opinions.

Getting advice from multiple people is better than getting advice from one person is better because you are more likely to get good advice. When a friend of my dad turned 18 he asked his parents, friends, and older brother who all agreed it would be good for him to get a job and after a couple months he got a promotion. My dad's friend ended up making a good amount of money and has been the manager of that place for 12 years. If multiple people say the same thing when you ask them for advice it is very likely to be good advice you should follow.

Getting advice from multiple people is better than getting advice from one person because people have different experiences, you can hear multiple opinions, and you are more likely to get good advice. Asking one person and following there advice instead of asking multiple could be the difference between failure and success. If you ever need advice always ask multiple people you trust.