Cars are a big influence in our worlds society, everyone wants to be able to drive and many people do drive. But as good as driving seems there are also many negative things that occur when driving a car. But the affects of limited driving can potentially have a positive impact on our lives and our enviorment.

In our world a large number of people drive cars to get to work, school and many other places. Due to people driving, there have been serveral negative effects to our planet. Due to people driving from place to place there are very high polution levels in our atmosphere, from the exhuast that the car lives off. For example, in Europe cars are responsible for twelve percent of greenhouse gas emissions and in the United States it is fifty percent of green house gas emissions. This can potentially damage our enviorment and hurt our planet. But not all of this has to be negative. Many countries have been setting up days or even banding cars in general to decrease levels or pollution and promot limited car use is a positive thing. This is an attempt to help clean up our enviorment. On the positive side if we were to stop using passenger cars for transporation our enviorment would be alot cleaner more suitable to live in. If we stop driving and even owning cars it could potentially have an impact on our personal lifes and make us more relaxed and feel happier. For example a women by the name of Heidrun Walter said "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way". Many countries are currently making a serious effort to stop the use of cars in all. Some countries have completely wiped out the usage of cars and have gone to riding bikes, walking, and even taking the bus. These efforts can only have a positive effect on our enviorment. If every country tries to enforce the fact that cars are damaging our enviorment then potentially the pollution levels and the smog levels will begin to decrease and maybe even depleat.

Passenger cars in the world is a bigger issue then everyone thinks. But if everyone pitches in to the idea that no cars equals a better society then I believe that Passenger cars will soon be gone for good. Passanger cars in the world are coming to an end and our enviorment is going to be healthier than ever.                         