I think others should participate in the Seagoing Cowboys Program because you get to help others recover their animals, you get to see many remarkable and unbelievable sights, and get to pass time having fun and playing games on the boats.

The first reason why others should join the Seagoing Cowboys program is becasue you get to help and care for others. For example, In 1945 World War 2 was over in Europe and it left many countries in ruins, and to help these countries 44 nations joined together to form UNRRA(the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration). They hired us, "Seagoing Cowboys" to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas. This helped the countries recover their animals. So, one reason why others should join the Seagoing Cowboys Program is to help others recover their animals.

Another reason why I think others should join the Seagoing Cowboys program is to be able to see the remarkable sights that you get to see while over sees. For example, I have seen many beautiful sights while overseas. I have seen the Panama Canal and got to take a tour of a excavated castle in crete. I have also gotten to see Europe, China, and Italy. So, another reason why I think others should join the Seagoing Cowboys program is because of the unbelieveable sights you get to see.

My final reason why I think others should join the Seagoing Cowboys program is becuase of all of the fun you get to havoe on board the boats. For example, you get to play baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where the animals are housed after they are unloaded.

Table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, are also examples of what you can do overseas to pass the time. So, my final reason of why I think others should participate in the Seagoing Cowboys program is becuase of the fun you get to have on board the boats.

So, in conclusion, I think others should join the Seagoing Cowboys program because you get to help and care for others, you get to see some incredible and unbelievable sights, and you get to have alot of fun on the boats while you are overseas.  