From my opinion I think this is one of the best technologys I ever heard about. I think this technology would be a great use for students and should be allowable at schools to read the students emotional expressions. If this technology can be worked by students then it is most definitley I would love to work with this technology. I am pretty sure more students would work with this technolgy and have fun with it. And when I saying if students can work on it, I mean by making a class for this technology and have the class make more brilliant ideas and make more technololgy like this emotional reader. That is why I think this technology should be allowed at schools for the use of students and also teachers.

In schools we have many classes like Math, English, History and etc. But it would be nice to have a class about technology and have this technology in the class so students can learn how to use it and how it was made. Time bye time the students are going to know more of this technology and then this could work for the help of many students. Once they come in to class if you see them in a different mood the teacher can either send you to the office or she can do it her self to see what type of emotional expression does the student have. So this machine would be very good and it would help the school a lot with their students.

With this type of technology it would tell us what the other person is feeling or what were they thinking if we know. Like we can get a picure of Abraham Lincoln and we can read how he was when they took the picture. Not just with Abraham Lincoln but with everybody in the old age that has an original picure or painting of themselves. It would be very cool to see what they were feeling. And I am pretty sure whoever invented this machine would make a ton of money if he tells the world what he has created.

So like I said in the beginning, this is probably the best technology I ever heard about before either then the technolgy apple. This technology would be a great use for students at their schools. Not just for students but for teachers too and maybe they can have this technology at jobs and other places. Me personally if I had this technology I would use it every time I wake up and evety time I go to bed so I would know how my day went. And finally this is why I think this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom shoud be valuable.