Polution, the same thing that people have been concerning over and over, not because we can't change it, however because we can. In Germany there's an expirimental town where seventy percent of people do not use an automobile for transportation, also in Paris, France in order to reduce smog and polution. And even in Bogota, Colombia they are holding days in which millions of people go without thier cars.

The first thing about limiting car usage that typically comes up is, how would we get around? By the same means that a normal person without a car would, In fact German researchers actually attempted a study in which they created a small city that is only one square mile that houses more than five thousand people. by walking, riding a bike or skating +70% of Vauban's population go to work and school every single day without using a car. In fact, 57% of families living in Vauban say that they sold thier cars to move into into the city (Elizabeth Rosenthal).

In Paris, durring 2014 Paris repetitively reached almost record breaking levels of polution and smog. As a result of all of that smog, the city of Paris regulated the use of automobiles, this action came as a surprise to the nearly four thousand people that were fined $32 and twenty-seven people's cars were impounded due to how they reacted to the tickets. And as a result of this regulation, typically paris would have about 147 micrograms of PM (particulate matter) per cubic meter average per week, and because they regulated driving the smog levels nearly halved in Paris.

Moving to Colombia, the country of coffee and spices. In the city of Bogota the mayor holds "car free days" to reduce smog and the peoples dependance on thier cars. And in order to do so they premote the use of public and alternative transportation and actually fine all of the people that didn't comply a fee of twenty-five dollars. And even thought the fine was a mere $25 the peole responded positively and to this day people in the capital city of more than 7 million people continue to walk, bike and find new ways to get to work and school.

So all in all the tought of cutting back on using cars seems like a good idea that could not only fix the worlds dependance on oil and fossil fuels but also help people get back into shape.    