The Face on Mars

The Face that was found on Mars, was not created by aliens, it is a natural landorm. It's a natural landofrm becuase, scientists studied it, it is popuar, and there are pictures. Some may not believe that this is a natural landform. But, there is some information to make you want to believe it.

Stuides by scientists have shown that this Face is not just like any other. It was not created by aliens, and it is not normal. In the text it says,''Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh.'' This describes how unusual this Face looked. There is no way that this Face was created by aliens. It is far more detailed that what aliens could have done.

The Face that was found on Mars, was very popular. The uniqueness of the Face made it stand out more to others. In the passage it says,'' It has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows-even haunted grocery store checkout lanes for 25 years!'' This tells the reader how the Face on Mars was important to most people. The Face on Mars was to be known all over the world.

Scientists took pictures of the Face on Mars. The pictures let you know what they look like and it gives you an idea of what they are describing. In the text it says,''Twenty five years ago something funny happened around Mars. NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft was circling the planet, snapping photos of possible landing sites for its sister ship Viking 2, when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face.''

There was trial and error problems with the pictures. In the text it says,''The camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face.''

In 2001 they took another picture, and this one was more clearer that the one taken in 1976. The text also says,'' Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's aboslute maximum resolution. Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 neters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo.

Some apponents may say that the Face on Mars was made by aliens. Maybe they have a point. In the text it says,'' Some people think the Fcae is bona fide evidence of life on Mars-eveidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists.'' But, the photos that were taken make it clear that there is no way the unusual Face was made by aliens. In the text it says,''As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size.

As the years go on, people may still wonder how the Face on Mars was made. Some may still think that the aliens did it. Others might never get to know the real answer.

Some say that the Face reminds them of something on Earth. Thus, this must mean that the Face on Mars is a natural landform.                             