Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? I totally disagree with letting students take classes from home. It may be too much going on in the house hold, students can easily cheat, and some students may decline the video chat.

Most students have younger siblings living in the same home as them and they may be a distraction. For example, your little brother/sister dosen't attend school, they can be running around making numerous of noise. Your mom will probably be doing her daily cleaning and most likely she'll have her music blasting that is also an distraction. Dad is outside working on his car and all you hear is squeaking loud noises, how would you be able to focus? If someone came knocking on the front door your dog will probably start barking and most likely you will get up to see why he's making all that noise which will just get you off track then you will be behind.

Cheating is a big trend now and days when it comes down to school work. Having online classes at home would be a very easy way to cheat. Students may look up all the work on a different website. If you allow students to cheat now, when they step inside the real world they aren't going to know what to do. Students may call their friend(s) and ask them to come help with a test.

Teacher may video call students every morning so that they could teach. Some students will probably decline the call every morning because they stayed up all night and now they are tired. Parents may think while they are at work their kids are at home on video chat with the teacher and the whole time they declined the call and are still in bed. Now mom and dad are mad and fussing at the teacher because they are confused on why their child have all this missing work. Come to find out the child was declining the video chat everyday of the week.

In conclusion, as you can see, you now know, why students should attend school and not have online classes. It will be a distraction to the student and the teacher. Cheating may be involved by inviting friends over to help with a test or quiz. Students may decline the video chat each and every morning and the parents will look at the teacher as the bad guy.