The idea of driverless cars sounds very fun, cool, and interesting, but I feel that this idea of driverless cars do not sound safe. My position on the idea of driverless cars that, I am against driverless cars only because, I feel that having driverless cars on the streets would be very dangerous with other drivers and pedesterians walking or driving across the streets.

In paragraph 6 of the article, it states that having a driverless car means that the cars will drive themselves and, even with the antilock brake system, the passanger of the driverless car and pedestrianas would be in danger if the passanger in the car wouldn't be able to take control of the wheel as quickly and easily as if they had a car where they were allowed to drive on their own without taking control of the car from the car being in charge driving itself. So, what I mean by saying this, is that driverless cars are the not the safest things to consider. Driverless cars should not be allowed out on the streets because, first off it sounds very dangerous, secondly, it sounds like too much of a hassal to worry about getting all of the technology checked out everytime something doesn't work in the car. Lastly, the last reason why I think that driverless cars should not be allowed is because, the cars and all of the different technologies could potentially be very expensive in the end.

To conclude my agrument on driverless cars, I do not think that driverless should be allowed out on the roads ever. I believe that driverless cars would always be a hassal trying to make sure you wouldn't hit anything or anybody while the car is driving and not you. I also feel that having a driverless car means that if your driverless car all of a sudden couldn't warn you about someone or something coming in your pathway and you do not see whatever or whoever is in your pathway, then you could potentially get in an accident and either severly injure,damage someones property, or even kill yourself and the person(s) you collided with. My last reason to conclude my essay is that, I believe that in the end, these so-called "driverless" caars will turn out to be very expensive to pay for, and keep getting all of technology checked out and made sure everything is functioning correctly, so you don't need to get more or new technology parts installed in your car. These my reasons why I think that driverless cars should not be allowed to be driven out on the open roads ever.   