Venus is said to be the most earth-like planet in our solar system. There are however many things that Venus makes it challenging to be studied or understand. That is just one of many very well told reasons in the article that the author provided to state why we should keep studying Venus despite the dangers it presents. THe author provides information that pushes people to want to know more.

In the article the author provides us with information on the ways how humans have studied Venus. In the the article the author tells the reader how humans have sent a lot of spacecrafts to study Venus but no spacecraft survived for such a long time on just landing on Venus. The author expalins that that is the reason to why no furthur studies have been made in over three decades.

Another thing of information that the author provides the reader with is to why the atmosphere is challenging for us. In the article the author provided the reader with information like the degrees and pressures of the atmosphere. In the article it is said to be over 800 degrees Fahrenheit and the atomspheric pressure is 90 times greater than the pressure on earth. Also on the discovery on the thirty plus miles abover surface tempatures change to 170 degrees and the pressure changed close to the sea level on earth giving the impression that its survivable for humans. This discovery make scientists want to know more on why that is the case, leading them to keep making new discoveries no matter the challenges it brings them.

The last thing the author provides its readers is with imformation on what NASA is working on to know more about Venus. The author states how NASA is working on different approaches to studying Venus. They are working on simplified electronics which some have in fact worked and have lasted for three weeks. It has studied and has gathered more information.

The author states many information for the reader that supports to why the idea of studying Venus is worthy of pursuit, the more interesting information she provides the more the reader would want to know. The reader would think it is worthy to pursuit to get more discoveries and know the planet further more. 