A letter to the Principal,

I believe that allowing students to use their cell phones during lunch periods and other free time is the policy to consider. If you allow students to use their phones during free times it might make the students enjoy school more and focus. Taking phones away altogether just gives the students another reason to not enjoy school; this is another instance you do not want. Some of the students don't care about school and use their phones anyway, if you were to give them this privilege it increases the chances of them not wanting to do it as much; if everyone is doing it there is no point to some people.

Students might be able to use their phones for academic reasons as well, for things like remembering big tests, calculating difficult math, remembering homework and studying. For instance. If a teacher assigns a big project that is due in two weeks, some students will more than likely forget about the project until just before the due date. If cell phones were allowed this might have been avoided by setting up a calendar on your phone with reminders on what has to be done for the project and when it is due. Allowing students to use their phones between classes and at lunch would allow students the opportunity to improve their grades and develop better study habits.

Giving students the privilege of using a cell phone between classes also allows the students to communicate with others, in doing so you give the students the ability to ask their peers about things they did not understand in the previous class or the upcoming ones. This, again, gives the students a better chance at comprehending the work in class and getting better grades because of it. Better grades means better students, and better students means a better school environment. Students would be able to transfer notes onto their phones so that they can share them with others or set them up so that they can be easily referred back to at a later time when studying for a test, or reviewing for a homework assignment. If a student was to keep their notes on their cell phones it would give them less of a challenge with organization because they would be in one place, on something the students carry around with them, all the time.

Giving the students the ability to use their phones also gives them the ability to do better in school. The students will want to learn if you give them the proper technology to do so. The more the students learn, the more they remember. If a student can remember all of the t

Sincerely, Your Student Body