Why Students Need to Design Their Own Projects

Projects are a great way to engage students into a topic, if a student picks a topic that they want, then their project will be a reflection of their own excellence. Student-designed projects are more than just projects, they are experiences and lessons that you simply can not obtain in any other way. Schools should allow their students to lead their own summer projects because the students will be more interested in the topics, they will learn more about the topics, and they will produce a better end product.

Schools should allow students to design their own projects, so that the students will take more interest in those topics. Students need to feel like they had some control in choosing their own topic in order to feel more connected to the project. It is important that students feels connected to the project, so that they will dig deeper into them and work harder on them. When students are interested in their topics, they are connected to them; however, when students are not interested, then they fail to engage in their topic. When I was in ninth grade, I was assigned a summer project where I had to research the invasive species of plants that could be found in my neighborhood. I was not given a choice on my project. I had to research invasive plant species, so I struggled to complete my project because it was so uninteresting to me. I resented the research and the fact that I had no freedom about how to create my project. Despite my miserable efforts to finish the project, I did not complete it. I had not engaged myself in the project, which resulted in me getting a low grade. Because I wasn't interested in my topic, I failed to be successful in the creation of my project. In most cases, the quality of work is based on how interested the student is. The student needs to be engaged and interested in a topic in order to perform their highest.

Schools should allow students to design their own projects in order for the students to gain more knowledge about their topic. Students who are given a choice of topic will search further into their topic and develop a larger understanding than students who are forced into a topic. When I was given a choice to research anything about my county, I developed a deeper understanding of my topic along with a truly unique experience. I was given a choice to research anything my county, so I choose the history of my favorite natural park. I did extensive research and I even went to the park's small history museum where I talked to a couple local historians about it. My experience was phenomenal because I was engaged in my topic, and I got to meet with extraordinary people and learn facts that fascinated me. It was an amazing and truly eye-opening experience where I learned things about my county that I would have never imagined. I was given choice and freedom, so I capitalized on them and fully engaged and educated not only myself, but my teachers and peers. Students given freedom and options will expand on their own ideas resulting in better projects. Not will those students educate themselves, but they will educate others as well. Students experience a deeper understanding after they engage themselves in an area that they are interested and excited about and they can also build relationships and bonds when they choose their own direction.

Schools should allow students to lead their own projects so that the students produce better end results. Students who choose their own topic will do an overall more thorough and precise job on their work. When students create their own projects, then they will strive for an excellent end result. Students who are able to choose their own project will strive for a perfect end result because they know that it came fully from themselves, not anyone else's input. The reason behind this notion is the concept that creators need to feel like they created something exceptional. If I am given freedom for a project, then I will try my best to make sure that my project is not less than outstanding. I work my hardest when I get to choose my own topic because it is now more personal and important to me. Students who create their own projects will not be satisfied with just anything, when creating the project, they will try to make their final work flawless.

When given the freedom to design their own summer projects, students will be more interested in the topics, they will gain more knowledge, and they will produce a superb end product. If students are given the freedom of choice, then they will fully engage themselves and gain a deeper knowledge and a more personalized experience then if they were just forced into a specific topic. 