Decisions are sometimes tricky or difficult to make and often leave us with doubt or uneasiness. In these situations, seeking the opinions of others can help us make a better choice. An opinion other than your own can be refreshing as well as reassuring. Someone else may see an outcome you disregarded, positive and or negative. In addition, the advice you receive from others provides you with wisdom and a new approach to attacking obstacles.

Sometimes, we have to make tough decisions and there are a myriad of right and wrong answers. In those circumstances, turning to a family member or friend to hear their opinion is refreshing and most importantly reassuring. When faced with a decision like choosing what cereal to eat for breakfast, we don't think twice about it or consult anyone else but ourselves. This is because it is a simple decision that requires simple thinking. However, when faced with a tougher decision like deciding what college your going to, a decision that could change your life, it is too stressful for most people to fathom on their own. In situations like that, talking to family members and friends about the decision you have to make and hearing their opinion, is reassuring and calming. This is because it opens your eyes to all the possibilities and outcomes of that decision.

With all decisions, there are outcomes, or the result of that decision. These "outcomes" can be positive or negative. When pressed with hard decisions, consulting a peer, friend, or family member can better your decision because they might foresee a possible outcome of that decision you may have disregarded. According to a survey done by psychologists at Stanford University, 78% of people they surveyed admit that the decision they most regret, is one they made on their own. People are not fortune tellers, they can't predict everything that will happen, how it will happen, and when it will happen. This is why it helps to hear others opinions, because they might see what you don't. Dr. Benson, a Psychologist at MIT once quoted "Everyones brain is like a snowflake, each different from one another." This quote simply put, is an explanation for why seeking opinions from others, can open your eyes to outcomes you may have disregarded, and it's because everyones brain and thinking process is different.

Furthermore, the help you receive from others to make decisions, can provide you with wisdom and even change your approach to attacking obstacles you encounter. All people think differently and react differently to what life throws at them. When you attack a problem sometimes you get stuck, frustrated, and upset. This is when the advice of others would be helpful. The wisdom they provide for you (if any) might carry on to you and you may find yourself with a more efficient way of approaching, assessing, and taking on obstacles.

To conclude, it is always helpful to hear the opinions of others. This is because an opinion other than your own can be refreshing as well as reassuring. Someone else may see an outcome you disregarded, positive and or negative. And finally, the advice you receive from others, provides you with wisdom and a new approach to attacking obstacles.             