Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I do not agree with this new policy. It is outrageous for some students. The reason I say this is because almost or over half of the students have grade C point averages. I don't think it is fair for you to deny them activities that they could get scholarships for. A C point average is passing so they still could get into a college. I'm trying not to be disrespectful but, I don't understand.

I feel like you are depriving them of their fun and further education. I know they can play these games outside of school but, to them its just not the same.

They enjoy the games and representing their school. If they have a C point grade average then they should get to participate in extra-curricular activities. Their grades could be worse. Why change what doesn't need to be fixed? I believe if they can pass their classes at least they should get some reward other than moving to the next grade.

I bet a load of kids would agree with me. Without their activities they wouldn't even bother making the grades they have. It would make them have low self-esteem because, they don't think they are good enough. That usually leads to committing crimes in the future. I don't think you want that for you students now do you? Exactly, and if students get scholarships to colleges on the sport they play then the school could get a better reputation. Just for helping another child reach their potential.

Too many kids already don't get into college so why make it harder? There are a lot of more important issues to attend to. Don't you think? Like better cafeteria food for instance. What I'm saying is don't do it just because you can. Let kids have fun. It's not hurting anything because we've been doing it for years. If you haven't noticed. I myself am involved in extra-curricular, and so are my friends. I'm making above a C average but every student might not be.

In conclusion I think that we should keep the policy we already have. Why change what works? If it works we have no problem. Changing it could lead to disaster, crimes, and life-long mistakes. Children need some slack, you already have us here for 8 hours. We need something to let out our energy and, to help to achieve the goal of getting to college. Thank you for paying attention to my argument from me and all of the other students. It is much appreciated.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME.