I struggle in math a lot because of the mass amount of information I'm being presented with, but when I had a chance to work with a teacher on a 1 to 1 enviorment, I felt that I could ask any question without having that anxiety of thinking if I'm asking too many questions, or if I'm being judged by my classmates for the type of questions I'm asking. I believe having the option to learn from home can be a very useful option for some students because some students can learn better by having a teacher to answer any questions by the individual and only the individual, and because some students have medical, social, or even physical problems.

It's easier to focus in an enviorment when the teacher's point of focus is on you and no other student. There's an incentive that makes you have to pay attention, unlike where in a classroom it can very loud and distracting. With that insentive to pay attention, you would be more motivated to ask more questions, have more time to focus on what you're struggling on, and not be distracted or held back by other students. Having no distractions while simoltaniously having a teacher ready to help you at any time does change a student's mentallity on how to work.

It can also help kids in tough times in their life. The more obvious thought that comes to mind is an injury that prevents the student from being able to go to school, so having that option to learn from school is very helpful. There would be other reasons as to why students can't go to school, for example, having a serious sickness that's contagious, or even having severe anxiety and can't handle well with large groups of people. Whatever the case may be, having the option to learn from home while having a severe condition can have a deeper impact on students more than what meets the eye.

While it's true that many people may think that working from home is a terrible idea, but I disagree very much with such thoughts. I can say that students can just work at home, not do any work, sleep in late, and decide to show up for "school" whenever they want to. It's a valid point to think of this, but having the option to work from school should be thought of more of a privelidge instead of some free way out of class. Many people could also speculate that some students don't have a wifi router or computer at home, which prevents that possibility. Even though that some people may not have wifi, it could be solved with 1. having the school pay the student a temporary router (possibly involving some expense) and 2. Having either a doctor's note or some type of pass that proves the student of actually being injured or in actual need to stay home from school.

I believe that having the option to learn and work with a teacher at home is a great idea. It opens a path for students to be more engaging in the material while at the same time having the incentive to acctually pay attention to the teacher. Not only that, it gives students who are injured severly in either physically, mentally, or medically a way to catch up on school while not being able to go to school. While this option is only exclusive to a couple of schools as of this moment, it wouldn't be the worst option to work towards this goal and have this option available to students as soon as possible. 