In recent times, many schools have started to offer distance learning for students. Parents have voiced their opinions on the benefits and the detriments of online school. However, Students would benefit from taking online courses or video conference classes because students that may be considered unpopular may not fit into the learning environment, students may have no means of transportation to the school, and students with certain mental disabilities, physical disabilities, or medical conditions may not be able to function independently in a public school setting.

Distance learning for some students would be beneficial to their grades, mental health, and other inconveniences that come along with attending a public school. For example, my friend's brother Generic_Name was bullied all throughout elementary school and middle school and was considered an outcast by his peers. Due to this, he was always on edge while in school, causing him to fall behind in his classes. When he learned of the opportunity to complete his high school education from home, he applied immediately. Because he switched to online school, Generic_Name received better grades and was overall the happiest he had even been. Another example is my cousin Generic_Name. While in school, Generic_Name was constantly stressed by the pressure she felt to succeed placed on her by her parents, teachers, and fellow classmates. As a result, she could not focus on her studies and received disappointing grades on her report cards. Her parents learned of her situation and decided to let Generic_Name try online courses. Unknowingly, this was a great decision and my cousin felt more relaxed and got straight A's on the following report card.

For some students, getting to school on time every morning is a challenge. My best friend Generic_Name lived miles away from the nearest school and his parents had no way to take him to school and the buses did not come out as far as his residence. Therefore, he had no way to school, but if he was able to take online courses he would not have to worry about getting to school everyday. Another friend of mine, Generic_Name, lived on a secluded farm with his parents and lived too far for the buses, as well. In addition, he had to wake up very early in the morning to aid his parents with the livestock. In both cases, online courses would have been the best option and could become standard for those living far away from schools.

A video conference or online course experience would most likely be the best option for students with disabilities. As an example, a child with cancer would most likely have to be taken out of school in order to recover. However, they are missing vital information while out of school. Furthermore, children in the hospital most likely want to have the comfort of a relatively normal life. Online education would be a beneficiary to the child so it can still gain its education in recovery. Another example could be a child with cerebral palsy. Due to the child's condition, it may be hard for him of her to move around easily, so a large public school would definitely not be the greatest option for that student.

In conclusion, distance learning may not be the greatest option for the majority of students, but it would be a great option for certain students. Online school is a solution to any problem that might arise from having to attend public school, and could mean the success of a struggling students' endeavors.