Imagine driving on your new car that can drive itself with the help of your "assistance" only at certain times. While you are paying attention to the road your daughter or son may need your help with spilled drink, unlocking a device, or even a "quick" glance at them. You gave the automatic driving system your trust just for a few seconds, but in those few seconds anything can happen; an acciedent can occure while your back is turned. Now with this example the people should think twice before buying a driverless car.

Self driving cars seem to be "the future" for cars, though many people do not agree with self driving cars. There is one big variable for these types of cars such as public safety. The first priority for the driverless cars should be for public safety, can people actually count on the many sensors and cameras attached to a car? As of today nothing is perfect, just like the sensors and cameras, there will be some type of system error at a point in time. After the accident, as stated from paragraph 9, "who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer"? The first accident will cause the public to go againts the public and the company will lose its only consumer.

Cars that can drive on their own can be very exciting. Since 2009 Google has started a project of a driverless car. As stated on the second paragraph, "Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash..." A big question comes along next to these big projects such as, what will the car do if it comes along an accident or a road construction? Google's answer to this is " they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues." Driverless cars can do many things a normal car can't do.

The driverless car that Google had tested is just a single individual that was properly observed and was better taken care of. For the half million miles it had driven, consider the half million people that might drive these cars compared to one test. From one to half a million is half a million more risks that Google had invented. Even the company knows that a car is not a car without the driver. The driverless car still needs a driver so that the car an alert the driver when needed. Now what if the driver was not alerted fast enough or not alerted at all do to a malnfuntion? There are many flaws about the "future cars" that manufacturers can not control.

Now if the driver had just stopped at a rest stop or the side of the road to see what the child needed at the back of the car, the whole family would not have to risk their lives because of the driver trusting a computer for just a second. Think twice before buying a driverless car, because nothing is perfect in the world.