The new generation of students decide to take their classes in online. Although if the students take classes in online they might allow to finish high school in a short time,also they might be safe at home, they can take more free time to work or enjoy with their family, and graduate as soon as possible and start the college.

Even thought some people might say students shouldn't take classes in online because they can not learn good enough, they might be distracted or even ask any question to solve their problem, regular high school have different program to help students to be successful on their grades. In this case students need to talk with any consular or teacher in school to give some advantage and disadvantage about online class, student might need to know their benefits on what they going to do for their own good. Most people care about education, students need put some interest.

concluding with this state argument student should take any classes in online because they don't put much interest to learn any assignment, students might need to attendance to a regular high school to learn and have better apprenticeship, and abilities for their accomplishment, students in high school are more successful, they have good opportunities to get in the best colleges. Nowadays teenagers are more focus in having fun, some of them do not know that education is very important, if we want to have a good job and better future, every child need education first, but students are following good rulers.

according to this argument I have this experience my brother want to take his classes in online because he does not want to come to the school, i still in a normal high school almost at the end of the first quarter and my brother still waiting a call for his classes. He said it was his best choice but in my opinion that was not a good idea because if come to the school i learn and understand my classes, when a teacher is explaining and helping me to do my problem i feel more exciting about it. I want to be a great student and learn everything instead of be at home waiting for an acceptation for classes.

concluding with my argument students would not benefit to attend classes in online, attending to the school is more important and benefit, they take serious their resposabilities in everything,they became more measure,classes in online never going to be same as the regular school, students never are going to learn very well, teeneger really need to attendance the school for a better education.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      