Many people think that aliens are real, but they're not! Many people believe that this photo is caused by aliens. They don't know the true story of this and that it has to be caused by natural landform. There's no proof that aliens are real and no one really proved it at all! People just assume that it's caused by aliens because they see a big hole, but it's natural landform. Until I see proof that aliens are real then I will believe them, but right now there is no proof at all.

Many people think that it's caused by aliens, but it's not. It even said, "NASA unveiled the image for all to see. The caption noted a "huge rock formation." It may look like a face, but that's just how it is. Conspiracy theorists don't even know what they're talking about. They just assume things, but they never show proof. NASA even showed proof that it's not caused by alien, but it may look like it was caused by aliens. It's just a natural landform.

Many people waited to see if the natural landform was actually caused by aliens. JPL revealed that it was a natural landform and that there was no alien monument after all. Many people still believe that it's caused by aliens and people even showed proof that it's not caused by aliens. Not everyone was satisfied that it was a natural landform because, "The camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face." There really hasn't been a single one proof that aliens actually exist.

Although, the natural landform does look like an alien, but that's just how the natural landform is. The picture was actually showing us a butte or mesa, which is a landform that is common around the American West. So, this is common here, in the Earth, so this has to be common in Mars. They even said, "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars." So, it was provened to be a mesa.

Many people thought that this picture was to be an alien. Many people, including NASA, even showed proof that it wasn't an alien. NASA at first did think that it was an alien, until they showed us proof of what they researched. People even showed us proof that it was just mesa, which is common to happen. It may look like it was caused by an alien, but it was just a natural landform that looks like an alien. 