When to choose between the two either online or regular classes students would pick online classes because they won't have to wake up early and go to school. But, they know in the long run regular classes would be more beneficial for them. Although, there are some students that may prefer online classes regardless of it being easy or not however, some don't because they most likely have tried studying by themselves and would rather: be taught by their teachers face to face and stay after for them for school work, test remediation, make friends that can help you do better in school, do extracurricular activities like sports, clubs, volunteer work after school.

Although their are students who take online classes who think that you don't need friends to succeed; However, I think differently and many other do to because going to school my whole life I've gone through a time where I did not have friends. Which is the worst because you won't have fun doing work, won't get experience working with others and also not being able to develop good communication skills with others, which is experience you might need to have in your future job, because when I was starting to talk to people I was really nervous and did not know how to react when around others. Then after a couple of years of having friends around me improved my communication skills which helped me improve my grades from a "B" to "A" because I started asking questions and putting myself out there and using my communication skills that I developed through having friends.

There have been situations where the teacher is not as nice you want him or her to be but, they are not the only teachers in the building. When you do find nice teachers in your class that are willing to listen to what you have to say. They guide you to right path when you go off stray. there was a time when I thought I had lost everything I couldnt think right anymore because I didn't make a team and I really loved the sport. My other coach who was also my teacher, he was driving me home and I told him about my situation and gave me motivation and I started doing better as an athlete and as a student. Teachers are also one the best people you can ask questions from; they help you understand things that you can't do by yourselves. There was a week before an essay that was due for me and I didn't understand my teacher even though I would ask him questions. So I just decided to find another English teacher that I could talk and she explained it to me much better than my other teacher. But, when you have online classes and meet the teacher online for the first time you would not feel comfortable talking to her, just like a few of friends who experienced the same thing. The students won't be as comfortable asking the teachers questions when they are confused and their grades wouldnt be good anymore because they are dont understand what is going on. Students wont even have the freedom to talk other teachers because they dont know any teachers.

A lot of times students that are on a online class schedule think that their G.P.A is going to carry them to a good college and a get a scholarship. However, the sad truth is that is not the only thing that will get you a college scholarship. One of my dad's co-worker did online classes and passed with good grades but, he never got a good scholarship because he didnt have any extracurricular activities. If you do online classes the only thing you could possibly do is volunteer work which can take your resume so far. If students really want to get a full scholarship, they should go to a regular school where you can do extracurricular activities. Students can sports like soccer, track, basketball. If students could do really good in their sports and school and coaches are interested in you they would get you a full ride. Students could also do clubs like the chess, art, Spanish, computer clubs.

In almost every students opinion would be to choose regular classes over online classes. Online classes don't give students a lot of options to work with. they don't give students opportunity to play sports or do extracurricular activities. They don't give students chances to make new friends which could help the students social or communication skills which you need in your daily lives and in the future. However, regular classes provides: a teacher that would help your class problems or questions and let's you stay after for test remediation, make up work, and students would like to communicate with their teachers in person, class rooms where you can make friends that can help you do better in school and improve your communication skills, extracurricular activities like sports, clubs, etc. after school which can open many door for students in future like college, if they do sports a professional coach might be interested in you and that is why regular school is more beneficial and online classes not as much. 