In the article "Driverless Cars Are coming" the author presents both posititve and negative apects of driverless cars. In my opoinion I am against the development of these cars. I think that this cars are not safe, and would be to expensive.

Firstly, the driverless cars in my opinion are not safe. I think this because technology can always go wrong no matter how much time or money is spent on it. You just never know when it can go wrong. For example, in the article it is stated that traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safest car has human driver control at all times. So it is insane that people are trying to develop a driveless car when by the law it is proven to not be safe. Another example is in the article it states that if technology fails and someone is injured who would the fault lie on. So this shows that with driverless cars technology will fail at any time, and can cause accident on innocent people who in the first pplace where never in support of driverless cars.

Secondly, the driverless cars should not be developed because they are to expensive not only for individual people but for the country. For example, in the article it states that the smartroad sytems work surprisingly well, but that they require a massive upgrades to exsisting roads, that was simply to expensive to be practical. Driverless cars would require the upgrade of not only a part of Indianas road but the whole U.S. and the world. Which is a tremendous amount of money that would be needed to upgrade all the roads. Driverless cars do not only need upgrades in road to be safer and work better, but the car itself needs alot of expensive technology to operate correctly and safely. For example, a driverless car needs spinning sensor on the roof, dubbed LIDAR, it uses laser beams to form constant updating 3-D model os the car's surroundings, and so much more is needed for the driverless car to mimic the skills of a human at the wheel.

In conclusion, driverless cars are not and will not be any much safer then a human at the wheel, and the cars are to expensive and would be a waste of money for the country. Driverless cars will fail at some point because tehcnolgy fails, so why risk the life of innocent people. The cars are to expensive, so why waste so much money on driverless car. They are not needed but are only a desire of human imaginaiton, inclsuive a luxury for many.