Texting while driving is a profoundly serious topic and it often comes up. Texting and driving are talked about all the time, but people don't take it in consideration to be serious about the situation. Some drivers say "I can do text while driving" or "it'll only take a second". Thinking / saying that is a foolish thing because all of us feel that we can multitasking. We take these situations lightly until something really happens and then we wish we could take it all back.

Texting and driving can be a serious hazard; for example, a Georgia teen, Cristina PavonBaker, got 15 years for killing her best friend. She was driving 105 mph, racing another student then she started to use snapchat and crashed into a tree. For that reason, I feel that it should be banned in all 50 states because this is a serious cause, and everyone is taking it lightly. People who use cell phones distraction rates are high. In this generation we use our cell phones a lot so when it's hard for us to concentrate and to focus on things that are more important.

When you are texting and driving it's like driving down a soccer field or football field blindfolded. According to my research, texting behind the wheel takes a driver's eye off the road for 2.5 seconds, which is how long it takes to switch lanes. It is dangerous and deadly to not only yourself but also to other drivers and passengers. Texting and driving have beat drinking and driving as the most leading cause of deaths among teens. Us teen are not the only ones, 49 percent of adult drivers admitted that they text and drive.

Teens die every day for making the wrong decisions and not caring about the outcome. We don't care about the law until something happens and we wish that we could go back in time and change everything and not do what we did. The penalties of texting and driving can be jail or prison time or a misdemeanor. The fine could be as low as $20 and as up to $500 depending on the

To sum it up, we would be better if phones weren't allowed in the car at all. You can be killed or can kill someone if you are distracted driving. We are always distracted by our phones so when we are driving, we are tempted to get on it and do stuff. When we do, we have consequences to our actions and sometimes we must pay for what we do. We need to take responsibility and own up for our actions. We need to stop taking things like this lightly. I hope I encouraged you to not do this and put the cell phones down.   