In the last few years vehicle emissions have been heating and even destroying our atmosphere. Cities and even whole countries are taking precautions to lower the amount of fuel emissons recorded in the air. It's not only that people are trying to cut back to help the enviroment they just arent driving as much anymore for some reason, even in areas that driving would be more useful than other forms of transportation. You may want to cut back after seeing why they did too.

In Germany there is a suburban city that has given up their use of vehicles. One of the local residents stated "When I had a car I was always tense, I'm much happier this way." You may not notice it but the hustle and bustle of everyday life and commuting may just be putting more stress on you. Cutting out personal commute will not only be making your life less stressful it will also help clear the air in some cities as well. Passenger cars are responsible for nearly 50 percent of greenhouse gasses in car intensive areas in the United States. Something as simple as not driving as often or cutting back totaly can help you and others.

In Bogota, the capital of Colombia it has been the third straight year of

Day Without Cars. Day Without Cars is one day that all Colombians hike,bike,skate,walk or took public tranportation to get to work. The goal of

Day Without Cars is to promote alternative transportation and reduce fines. A citizen talking part in the action stated "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."

Now in America it has been recorded that Americans are buying fewer cars and getting less licences each year. The number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and have been slowly and steadily dropping after. Transportation is is the second largest source of emissions but you can help lower that. More and more people have been choosing alternative transportation than ever before. Also more people have left the sub-urban enviroment and moved to urban ones so alternative transportation is even more needed than before. Also whats the point of driving if you live near the place you work cutting down on emissions is one of the most important objectives right now.

Many great things can and have come by cutting down private transportation. It conserves resources, cuts down on emissions, and also improves safety. Multiple people say that commuting less has made thier lives less stressful than ever before. The amount of smog in cities have decreased, helping to get cleaner natural air those compact areas. Anything you can do to help make your lives easier you should and cutting down on emissions can help make that easier.                