Often times when people need advice, they'll turn to the person they trust most. While this is a good way to get someone elses feedback on a topic, it is best that they turns to more than one person. Advice can have a great impact on the way things are handled and carried out. It often effects how something is done and how it turns out in the end. Therefore, it is important to receive more than one persons' advice because the person can learn from what others have done, have more of a variety of opinions to pick from, and make their own decisions in a situation.

To start off with, learning from what others have done in the past is important. When someone asks more than one person for their advice on a certain situation, they can hear about the different outcomes, such as what to do and what not to do. For an example, if someone was asked for advice about a dating problem, the person being asked, who has dated in the past, can give more precise and trustworthy advice than someone who has never dated before. Hearing more than one persons' opinion on a topic can surely make an outcome better if the right person is asked. It is important that the person looking for feedback knows who's had the same experience before so they can receive more proper feedback.

While an individual hears about what others have done, they can decide on what piece of advice they want to take. When the person hears about what others have done in the same situation they're in, they will hear all kinds of different solutions to the problem. While there will be advice that will be their first choice, there will be some feedback that may not even be overlooked. It's important for the person to hear more than one persons' advice if they dont agree with the one way of solving the issue they were told. Having a variety of options to pick from is a great way for the person to make their own decisions and solve the problem.

Speaking of deciding, having more than one persons' advice can let the individual decide on which piece they want to use in their problem. To explain it more in depth, going by only one person's opinion on the matter can lead to a horrible accident, especially if the person felt that the advice wasn't good to take in the first place. But if the person were to have several opinions to reference off of, then they could pick the advice they believed was most suitable for the situation and carry out with it, which could leads to a better resolution. Having options when it comes to advice is the best way to decide what is the better option for the situation. Being given the option to pick from several different pieces of feedback can lead the person to a better solution than some other advice.

Overall, the best option is to ask several people for feedback rather than one. Having multiple sources is often the best way to decide what to do and settle out a situation. Often enough, only receiving one persons' advice can actually make the situation worse than it was to begin with. So while taking one person's advice is good, having several opinions is better for the person. With the person learning for other peoples' mistakes, having a variety of feedback to pick from, and deciding how to figure out the problem, they are likely to settle out the issue without a hassle.