Venus ia indeed a very powerful planet that can cause harm to the human race. "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." (paragraph 3) Yes, there are a lot of dangers and the human race can be hurt, but what happens when the earth runs out of supllies to support the human race? Where will we ge then?

It is important to explore all of the other options we have when it comes to places for the human race to go when we run out of supplies and options. Yes, Venus has a lot of risk but when it comes to saving the human race I think it's a risk worth taking. There are a couple things that the Earth and Venus have in common. "Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." There are postive things about Venus as well. Every option is going to have it's negitives and it's postivies.

Some of our explores think they might have a solution for humans to live on Venus. "NASA's possible soltins to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. Imagine a blimp- like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. JUst as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions bu staying up and out of their way." ( paragraph 5) There are a lot of dangers when is comes to living on Venus but we might have solutions for them. When is comes to the human race and having a plan B, I think this is something to consider.

Yes, there are quite a few risk when it comes to moving the human race to live on Venus. But NASA thinks that they have a way around that. There a couple things that Earth and Venus even have in common when it comes to the geographical aspects of the planets. Yes, living on Venus comes with changes and yes, it would be a big change. I think it's a risk worth taking. 