Online school? Online classes? Everything has become online this day in age. Even school has became an online thing. I believe online classes should not be allowed, unless there is a certain class that is not offered in the particular school and the student wants to take it, then that should be allowed and go towards high school credits. Or if there is a personal reason why a student can not come to school to learn. Other than that, not all students should be allowed to go to online school. One reason is that students will not be able to get help due to the fact their is no teacher or any peers to help. Also, kids and teens tend to get very easily distracted and most likely will not get their work done fully. Lastly, students need a break from looking at the screen all day long.

Starting off, teachers play an extremely important role of students learning. The internet can not tell you everything you need to know in life. Yes, it can be helpful to have that resource but it should not be where this generation gets its information. Personally, I have had a very hard time trying to remember information I have read online. Being in class and reading it and hearing the information helps me remember way more. Being in class is very important due to you could miss out of information and the fact you can miss out on little ways to remember things you have learned in class. Whenever you are doing a research paper or you are doing class assignments, if you have a question, a teacher is extremely helpful. It is like teachers know everything you need help with, it is just nice to be able to know you have that resource.

Furthermore, our generation has been quick to hop on social media whenever we get bored. Students are more likely to get distracted at their house than in school. At school, you really have no worries except for getting your work done. In a classroom, your mind can be better at ease. It will help you become in a mind set where you can get the work done and you know what you are doing. Whenever I am at home, I tend to list all of the different things i need to do in my head and I stress out about all of the things I have to do, and I end up not doing them. Or I am running around trying to get everything to do. By the end of the day, I realize that I did not do the important things I needed to do. Being in a school environment has made me work so much harder. School can be difficult, even if you are in a school environment; but by having your peers and your teacher to help you, it is less stressful and having a support system is good.

In conclusion, online school should not be a normally thing students rely on, it should definitely not be allowed unless there is some reasons why you can not be in school. Our generation is smart, we just need to rely on works best. 