It is hard to imagine a world without cars being controlled without humans. Cars have been a mandatory factor in most of our everyday lives. If we as humans decide to cut out the human factor to driving, there are consequences. Consequences such as the threat of saftey, the lost jobs surrounded around vehicles, and the overall question; are self-driving cars nessecary?

Not very long ago, I like many before me, got my liscense at the age of sixteen. That day will forever linger in my mind everytime I put the keys in the ignition. As a young driver, my saftey is always a concern. I learned the true aspects of saftey in my drivers education course, and saftey has been stuck in my mind since. If we create a world where us as humans are no longer in control of saftey, are we not creating an unsafe world? I am expected to put my life in the hands of some machine, rather than putting life in my own hands.

Several years ago, the auto industry was a major factor for income for most people. The jobs surrounded by cars have always been imparative for humans. Then, machines took over the jobs humans had lived off of. Making the auto industry more efficient, but leaving many without jobs. Now we are faced with a similar situation, where the driverless cars take jobs from people who live off of driving.

The auto industry has been relatively the same over the past few years. Cars have become safer, faster, and all around more productive. Now comes the change of a lifetime, the change nobody really needed. Sure, self-driving cars make life easier for everyday life. But, sometimes we need to take a few steps back and remember; how far is too far? The auto industry does not require this change.

Negativity is all that comes from this change. The auto industry will not benefit from these self-driving cars. They will create lawsuits and disaster. These driverless abominations will make the living jobless. This audacious movement will create an unneed and irrational situation for us, the people.