Technology that can read your emotional expressions is very valuable to students in a classroom, because it can provide information on how you are feeling. It provides emotions that a humans eye cannot detect. A lot of people dont realize how others are feeling because they hide their emotions. Dr. Paul Eckman, creator of FACS (Facial Action Coding System) created a facial system to detect the emotions of a person's face. This system is very valuable because it gives better ways for humans and computers to communicate.

This software constructs a 3-D computer model of the face with all 44 major muscles in the model. Eckman classified six basic emotions-happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness and he asscociated each with characteristic movements of facial muscles. A big amount of students dont focus because of the distraction around them. A teachers job is to keep them focused at all times, but sometimes it is hard for an individual person to keep track of so many students. This techonolgy can help students in many different ways. By weighting the different units, the software can identify mixed emotions, which can help the student by making the work they are doing simple or more difficult. For example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. It modifies the lesson, like an effective human instructor.

The FACS is a very valuable techonolgy for students because it helps to guide them through a problem they might be facing. It can help a classroom full of students that are confused on a lesson. The software can detect their emotional expressions and switch up the lesson to make it more understandable. For example if a student does not undertsand the problem, the computer can detect his or her confusion, and it will modify to fit his or her understanding. The software is very valuable for the emotional expressions of students in a classroom.          