Many people believe that the production of driverless cars isn't the best. I'm going to inform you as to why I believe that driverless cars are the best for our near future. Google cofounder Sergey Brin has done a series of tests to prove that driverless vehicles are not a danger to the public but can be very usefull. Not only are the good right now, but they are also improving little by little every day.

For starters, by having driverless cars, we will be able to decrease the amount of accidents that we have. This will happen by having no one at fault but the technology, and I know that sounds like I'm going against it, but I'm not. Not only does the car have special features that make it stop when it's too close to an object but if that fails then who's to blame? Right now we have drivers who are falling asleep at the wheel due to being tired, coming home from work late, and/or going out to parties. Driverless cars will help with this. They have a special feature in the car where if the car feels that the person needs to take over, they will vibrate the seat and even flash the windsheld, (although they're working on the windsheld) this will help keep the driver awake and reduce the amount of accidents we have.

Having driverless cars will also help decrease the amount of air polution we have due to factories and the amount of cars that polute the air.

It says in the passage that "The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus." By Sergey stating this, he's saying that we would reduce the amount of air polution. Not only is it reducing the amount of air polution but it's also far more comfortable than a bus.

Driverless cars will be an increasing business once it's not illegal in every state. This will happen because who wouldn't want a driverless car? This business will sky rocket due to the amount of people who would want a driverless car. This comes back to helping the economy. By having people buy driverless cars, this will drastically help the economy.

Many people don't like to be supervised while driving, but having a driverless car, this is a special feature. Not only will it help the driver back out of drive ways, or parking lots, but it will also help identify who was at fault if there were ever an accident. It also helps with no texting and driving, because the car will not allow it. Once the car feels that it needs the drivers attention towards the road, the seat will vibrate calling the attention of the driver to take over the wheel. Therefore the driver will not be able to text and drive. Not only is this benefical for drivers, it's also helpful for new drivers. Because they are not experienced they are more likely to be in an accident. Which is why the driver may need this feature while driving.

In conclusion, I believe that driverless vehicles are better for the environment because the positive aspects outweigh the negative ones. Not only will it help the environment it will help the economy. Therefore it will become an increasing production. This is only the beginning of something great. It's improving everyday and will continue to improve.  