Some people say that they can do it on their own. Handle a child, babysitting, sorting out school work, or having issues with your family. But sometimes that's not the case. Sometimes you need help. That's why I think that you should talk to more than one person because it'll provide more information to you and it'll give more than on opinion.

It'll provide more information to you personally because it wouldn't just give one answer. You could evaluate those answers and see which on works best for you, especially if you don't like having just one answer to solve a number of problems. Another thing is that it would open you you up to multiple opinions. Not just one and then you have to be biased on that specific decision, but a number of opinions that tell you what you could do in this situation. Also you would develop a skill of taking things into consideration. You would to listen and not say, "NO", or, "Yes", all the time. You would be able to understand how and what they feel like is the best answer to your problem.

On top of that, you would work more efficiently with your clients, co-workers, classmates, bosses, and much more. You would be able to do group projects and work together with each other because you know how to take information in without shooting back at them with an attitude. You also would be a very productive worker because even though you have another opinion, you still keep calm and listen to what they have to say. This is a very good skill to develop if you want to be a public speaker, or a lawyer. Another is that you would be able to solve problems way easier when other people are panicking because you can take all the advice in your life time and apply to your kid, teenager, or adult life and wouldn't have to worry as much as you used to.

So this is my opinion about getting advice from other because it never hurts anyone to ask for help. All you have to is ask other people," hey, I'm going through a really hard time and I could use some advice. Think you could help me," and that's it