Do you enjoy working from home? Some schools are starting to teach online, and people are debating whether or not it benefits the students. Many people say that they like it, but others say that its too distracting. Although some may believe otherwise my experiences, the COVID-19 outbreak, and my family's experiences prove that distance learning benefits students.

My experiences prove that distance learning benefits students. Over the summer I took an online class for economics and personal finance. This benefited me because I cold pickup classes wherever I left off, so this meant that when I was busy I could do my classes later. This also allowed me to take entrepreneurship over the school year because I got my economics credit for high school. Some may say that distance learning is not beneficial to students because the courses offered online are not the ones they need for school. While they may not need more credits to graduate high school, college admission requirements can differ from high school graduation requirements, and some classes not offered at a school could be offered online so that a student could still attend college.

The COVID-19 outbreak also proves that distance learning benefits students. The COVID-19 virus is more commonly referred to as the corona virus. This virus has been spreading very fast, and it has become a concern of many medical professionals. With distance learning students could have a much lower risk of catching the virus. In fact, Generic_City recently made a student holiday on Monday of next week to educate teachers on how to provide an education to students using distance learning. Some may say that their immune system is healthy; therefore, they wont benefit from distance learning. This claim is incorrect because they could still get the virus with a healthy immune system, and they could potentially spread it to someone with a weak immune system if they caught the virus.

My family's experiences also prove that distance learning benefits students. When my mom went to college she did a lot of distance learning through the Generic_School. She needed the distance learning program so she could also take care of me and my little brother. Without this distance learning program she would not be able to have a college education. Some may say that they that they can go to school and watch their children. While this may be true, distance learning could make it so one doesnt need to plan their classes around their kids school and extracurricular activities. It could also make it so they could spend more time with their kids, or they could take more classes to get their degree faster.

Overall distance learning provides students with ways to manage their personal lives, stay safe, and to have more time for other classes. In the past distance learning has helped my family as well as many others stay together while also providing education. In the future it will help prevent the spread of the corona virus and other epidemics. You can help distance learning grow by teaching students, friends, and family about the benefits of distance learning.                