I think that online schooling could be benficial to students. I think this because the student could take the course at the pace that they learn at and learning in a non-school enviroment could make it easier for the student to learn.

Learning at a faster or too slow of a pace could mess with the students learning habits by forgetting, or not beig to learn all the material that they need to learn. Learning at your own pace is less stressful than going too fast. When learning too slowly, the student could possible forget material learned in the past. Doing online school allows the student to go at their own pace and take the test at their own speed without having to wait on others to know the material. When I am taking a test I mostly remeber the material that we recently learned, and it's harder to remember the things that have been taught two weeks before the test. Also, some material may come easily to the student while others can take more time to understand. When learning in a public school you may not be able to understand all that you may need to learn for that test.

Learning from home could be very benificial to students that have trouble staying focused or students that get nervous in large groups or in a classroom enviroment. I have known students that go to my school that feel uncomfortable during class. These students tend to ask to go out in the hallways to finish assignments or to complete a test. Online schooling can allow the student to learn in the comfort of their home. Being at home could also mean less distractions while learning. Sometimes these distractions can lead to a headache. Having a headache during class can be very uncomfortable and that can make it a lot harder to learn and to pay attention. Distractions during school can mean not having time to finish an assignment or notes. Online school tends to take place at the students home and can allow the student to stay focused in a quite enviroment. Being in a quite enviroment can also make it more comfortable for the student to learn. Learning at home can be quite and there will most likely be no distractions in the area the student decides to study in. Being at home can be more comfortable for the students that don't feel comfortable in a school enviroment. Being comfortable can make the student less stressed out resulting in better grades in school or online schools.

In conclusion, I do think that online school can benefit students. Online school can allow the student to go at their own pace and oline school most likely takes place at home which can make the students feel more comfortable. Both of these reasons make it easier for the student to learn. 