Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Going to school is our job as students. And that's exactly what we are here to do. But there are also many distractions such as friends, electronics, and peers. We can only limit so many things distracting us from our education. But one thing we can limit is cell phone usage. Coming from a students point of view i' m going to be very honest. As students we come to school to learn we should not be occupied by the using of cell phone devises. Yes i understand that cell phones can only be used during free time, but most kids will not obey that rule or abuse that rule.

Sitting in class bored of your mind you have two options flip out a wonderful novel or flip out your new iPhone hmmmmmmm what would you choose? We all know what most teenagers would choose, and that's your cellular devise. While we're in school we're supposed to learn but how is that possible if we are preoccupied by the latest iPhone app. How about we read a book instead. When we get home its time for fun but while in this learning facility we should be getting an education. I remember last year when we able to have our phones out in drama class and all i wanted to do was text. Every moment we would be taking pictures listening to ring tones and watching youtube videos straight from someone's new blackberry. Not knowing how this effected our grades the year pasted us by and we wondered what we actually learned in the class besides "the jerk".

Telling the students that they cannot have the phones on a certain times of the day is going to be a hassle. We kids already have issues trying to remember to turn off our phones in the morning. How we remember to turn it off after lunch or after any free time. How will teachers constantly remind the students to keep there phones off during class. Us kids will take advantage of having our phones on during free time and just use an excuse like "Oh i thought this was free time." Leave the cell phone using at home! The less distractions we have the more easier it is to learn. Let's not give us students more freedom to avoid getting an education.

TEACHER_NAME this is a big choice your going to have to make. And making the right one might not be that hard. Yes the students are going to want to have the cell phone policy changed but coming from me a student who really does care about her education. I say no, the cell phone policy is fine how it is. We students need discipline , its like giving a dog its toy and then taking it away for some parts of the day then giving it back during free time. It's called torture. If we can't have it all day then don't give it to us at all. School isn't made for electronics besides computers to help us learn. school is made for learning cell phones aren't going to help us further our education its just going to get in the way.