Many people believe that owning and using a car or other motorized vehicles is an advantage. But is it really? Citizens might be able to get somewhere faster or not have to exert the energy to get there. But is it worth polluting the air, taking up all that space and creating traffic and frustrated citizens, and creating the mindset of a lazy, human being? Maybe instead of spending money on a car, citizens wouldn't be in as much debt, some kids might have college already paid for, and some citizens have their housing paid for. Therefor, this is making happier, stress-free, citizens.

The pollution of the air is a major arguement for people who support the non-usage of cars or other motorized vehicles. In Source 1: In Germany Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars, Elisabeth Rosenthal claims that motorized vehicles play a major part in the pollution of the air. Rosenthal says that Europe is responsible 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions, and the United States is resposible for up to 50 percent.

Most of the time, traffic causes a driver to be frustrated. What causes traffic? Vehicles. So why does everybody drive them? In small, well-populated suburbs, traffic is a major issue. With the dense population and the majority of those citizens driving vehicles, traffic is very easily created. Thus, making more citizens frustrated and creating road rage. Road rage also causes more accidents which causes more deaths. Making driving, a dangerous thing. Although, citizens still drive motorized vehicles. Most of the time it is to get to a certain place in a short amount of time, but if a destination is closer than one mile, there is no excuse to use a vehicle to get there. But most citizens do. This creates a lazy mind set.

The average cost of a brand new car is roughly $30,000. If citizens avoid buying a car, it would be a great benifit for them. $30,000 can payoff college, or help with bills or debt, or payoff housing. With more money, this creates happier, and less stressed citizens.

The creation of "car dues", and "car-free days" could make a huge difference in the environment, economy, saftey, traffic, and even the health and stress of a citizen. Although most people still believe that having a car is an advantage, it can be. But not having a car or not using a car as much is a much greater advantage. Not just to an individual, but to society as a whole.                    