Dear state senator, I believe that we shouldn't keep the electoral college process because it should be in favor of the popular vote for the president of the Unites States instead of how it is now. I believe this becasue for example with this system voters don't vote for the president but for the slate of electors even though this system does come with some positives like it allows them to focus on their campaign efforts but can turn into a complete disaster factor.

To begin with,the system of the electoral college does not allow the voters to vote for the president but only for a slate of electors, they are the ones who elect the president. There is always an off-chance that those electors that won the statewide election would go to Congress and the opponent recieves more electoral votes. The electors are chosen from the state they could be state conventions, or the state party's central committee and even sometimes the presidential candidate themselves. This system then leads to several cons such as the voters can not control whom their electors vote for and also the voters tend to get confused sometimes about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate.

Although, maybe we should be able to keep our despised method of choosing the president because, it comes with several pro's like for example, a dispute over the outcome of an electoral college vote is possible like in 2012's election when Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to 51.3 percent of the votes that came from Romney. In this election the winner is aware with the electoral votes which induces the candidates and allows them to focuses on their campaign efforts. Lead them to the toss-up states which basically mean they are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign so the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election.

Last but not least, this system is also known a the disaster factor like for example the 2000 fiasco which was the biggest election crisis in a century because they had to consider that the state legislatures are technically responsible for picking the electors and that they will always define the will of those people. Many of the electors have occasionally refused to vote for their own party candidate and even cast a deciding vote for whomever it is that they want or perfer to please. this method should not be prohibeded any more because of the causes it is doing which is affec

In conclusion it is official the the system of the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and also it is concluded to be an irrational system. I still believe that the electoral college should be elected by popular vote for the president.    