Some student have to do projects for school over the summer; but because its summer they do not want to do anything for school. Many people debate on whether these projects should be designed by teachers or students. It's a parent dream for their kids to still learn over the summer, so some send them to learning activities or ask teachers for school work for their children to do while on vacation. But do these kids really learn anything by these projects or school work if their not enjoying it? These summer projects should be designed by the students because not only will they be learning but they will also be enjoying doing these projects, students can also use their creativity to design these projects, and also because these student will be doing these projects over their summer vacation they should at least be able to design their own project.

If a student isn't enjoying how they are learning it's most likely that he or she will not pay attention and actually not learn anything. It's the same case with these summer projects, if students are able to design their own projects maybe they'll learn more than they usually do and enjoy doing their project. For example, teachers sometimes do projects in their class that they design, they choose groups,and they choose the topic for the group. The students of course their going to do the project but they wouldn't learn anything about it because their going to do it just to get the good grade. However, if the student design their own summer projects their grade will most likely increase because they didn't only do the project to get a good grade they would do it because they would enjoy doing the projects they designed.

People always say they want this generation to use their creativity more, especially in school teachers always tell their students, "Use your creativity!", but by teachers designing the summer projects, they limit the creativity many students have. How can students use their creativity if teachers will not even let students create their own summer projects? Designing their own summer projects will let students use, show, and express their creativity and who knows their projects can get positive feedback from other students. Students using their creativity in designing these summer can influence other classes in doing the same. This could help many students in using their creativity not only in projects like these but also in all their school work.

If students have to take time out of their summer vacation to do these projects they should at least be the one designing their own projects. Many students do not like doing anything school related over the summer; therefore knowing that they have to do a project over the summer it is most likely that lots of students wouldn't do the project. Especially because teachers do the same type of projects most of the time. But knowing that they can design their own projects and use their creativity its likely they'll do it. Summer vacation is the one vacation every student loves they should at least be able to enjoy designing their project as well.

Doing a summer project wouldn't be fun if it's the same project we get while we're in school; but by letting students design their summer project maybe, just maybe they could enjoy it. It would require them to use their creativity which lots of students like doing, show their creativity. Summer vaction is the longest break we have before going back to school, students should at least be allowed to design a project they want to do. Students like doing new things and constantly doing the same thing all the time. To conclude, students hate doing school work over the summer because all they want to do is enjoy their vacation and relax; but designing their own summer project could be fun for them.          