Do you want to know what happens when you have a generation of overachievers? I believe that every student should do at least one extracurricular activity. If all students did at least one you would have so many accomplished people and overachievers. The reason why students should do this is because they will meet new people, be able to put activities on their resume, as well as being generally happier.

Whenever students gather they end up meeting and talking to new people. Therefore mandatory extracurricular activities would also give students the opportunity to meet new people and make new friends. For example I have friends from my soccer team that I would have never met if I didn't play soccer. In general there are so many other people that you will never know if you don't do this kind of activities.

Something else that extracurricular activities have is the ability to strengthen your resume. I've seen what effects activities you do outside school hours actually have on your life. Not too long ago my brother got a job just because he did French and DECA. Him getting the job was the direct result of the Extracurricular work that he did. Making it mandatory would give a whole lot more students a chance at young success.

Studies show that doing extracurricular activities generally leads to happiness. I can personally say that this statement is true in my life. Which would mean it's probably true in the lives of others. So if schools want to make students feel that school is more enjoyable, this is the way to go. Especially since happier people also leads to higher productivity than bored or upset people.

Essentially extracurricular activities should be mandatory. Not only do they give students a chance to meet new people and make new friends. It also gives people a better chance at success and A strong resume. Not only these things but they also increase peoples' happiness. Essentially extracurricular activities are win for everyone and should not be overlooked.