Recently long distance learning has been introduced to schools and has helped many students in many ways. Students are now able to learn from home instead of learning at school. Students would benefit form being able to attend classes from home because it would be more convenient, allow more family time, and allow the student to work at their own pace.

First, Students would benefit from learning from home because it would be more convenient. When a student is learning from home they wouldnt have to get dressed so go to school. They could stay comfortable in they're bed and learn. Students wont have to worry about distractions from other students because they would be alone. Another reason learning from home would be more more convenient is students could get more breaks and spend time to themselves.

Next, Learning from home is better than learning in school because you can spend more time with your family. When students learn at school they spend eight hours in school and then come home. Some students parents arent home when they get out of school and the students spend less time with they're parents. When students learn from home they can spend more time with they're parents. Students are more likely to be successful when happy and learning with family helps keep the student happy.

Furthermore, other people may argue that learning at school is better than learning at home because it allows students to be more socially active. But learning at home is better than learning at school because it allows the student to work at their own pace. In school students have timed class periods and they have to do the work in that time limit but at home they can work at their own pace. Working at your own pace can also reduce stress and allow the student to work more efficiently.

Finally, Students would benefit from attending classes at home because it would be more convenient, allow more family time, and allow the student to work at their own pace. This would also help students with learning disabilities. Students with medical conditions or injuries can benefit from this so they wont miss school.