Dear Principal:

I, as a student at your school, personally believe that the completion of community service should be a requirement in our school system.

I believe there are many causes that could greatly use our help.

Not every student in our school will agree, but several also may.

Younger students could very much enjoy our help, with their school work, or just being a mentor to them.

There are several students who do not have anyone they can positively look up to, and could use a good influence in their lives.

Also, our city could immensely benefit from our work that could be done.

For example, we could clean up the litter around the neighborhoods, fix the playgrounds and parks, or simply improve the looks of things.

Don't you agree this would be an amazing ordeal?

Imagine the city after our school improved it.

Think of all the children who could be helped and encouraged, in many ways, with our works.

There are more ways than just these, as well.

Students could volunteer to assist in putting together care packages for those in need.

Also, we could work shifts at soup kitchens and places, to feed those who can not provide for themselves.

Many things can be done in our community.

I believe that without the encouragement, many of today's young people will not involve themselves in these activities.

This is why I believe the right thing to do is to make it a necessary requirement that each student participate in an amount of community service work.

After all, not only would these things benefit the others in the town, but it would also benefit for us, as the students here, too.

Let us not forget the greatness such acts would bring to the teachers, in every school within the area, as well.

The younger grade level teachers would receive much help from us, if we were to be there for the students, as a tutor, role model, or anything.

Then, once the students reach the level that we are now, you, as principal, and all your staff, could also benefit from the same children when they become your students, in a short amount of time.

From the words I have given, please consider creating the plans for a community service requirement within our school system.

Thank you.