Technology has come a long way in only the last few decades.

Scientists and engineers are trying countless new ideas. Over the past few years they have experimented with new notions involving the "smart car", enabling a car to be driven without the aid of a human being.

This idea, however is going too far.

Cars need humans.

Smart cars could lead to numerous safety and liability issuse.

Most of the "driveless" cars still need a driver.

They are "semi-autonomous".

When not having to drive, the driver would most likely become bored.

Even Dr. Werner Huber admits that, "The psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge" (8).

With this challenge in mind, some have introduced ideas such as putting up in-car entertainment systems.

However, having to switch back and forth between driving and the entertainment would be a hassle, especially if it were just a short trip.

Also, with someone who travels a lot and spends a majority of their time in the car, the systems could become tiresome in the long run, and they would most likely become bored again.

Without the human brain controlling tthe car, and only with the reliance on the engineering, the smart cars could malfunction and numerous accidents could occur.

Especially after a few years, the cars could become old and rusty and even the high precision put into making the cars perfect could run haywire.

States such as, "California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia" (9), who have outlawed computer-driven cars agree in terms of limiting the use of semi-autonomous cars.

Not being able to control the car, people's lives would be in danger and it could cause cases such as cars driving off the side of the roads or crashing into each other.

The possibility of all of these crashes also brings up a liability issue, "If the technoogy fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?(9)".

Having the issue of the smart car would only create new problems, like having to create many new laws.

Cases like these could lead to sueing and hundreds of court cases which would not bring any positive aspect to the table.

Driveless cars should be banned for at least another few centuries.

Cars need the intelligence and control of the human mind.

These autonomous cars could lead to liability and safety issues which would make lives, in turn, harder on the majority of the population.        