What would it be like to have a driverless car? If cars could drive on their own many of the mistakes that humans make on the roads would be eliminated, causing less accients and less injuries from car crashes. Driverless cars would make the roads a safe place and cause less stress on the person controlling the car.

Driverless cars are built to allow the car to steer, accelerate, and brake on its own. With these features it would cause less people trying to speed passed each other for going to slow, or cause the driver to not have to take a sharp stop because they we going to quick for a yellow light. The car are also built with a laser beam the would show a 3-D model of the surrounding of the driver, which allows it to know everything that is happening and how to react. If there is some construstion going on ahead or a crash the car also alarms the driver to take control.

Not only are the different types of cars that can cause accidents, but the person behind the wheel too. With there being so many different types of people driving everyday such as: new drivers, elderly, and careless drivers, it would be great to have a car that would control all the different gears that the driver would usually have to do. Since so many teen drivers think that they can text while driving or goof around, an accident is bound to happen, some worse than others, but still they then have to pay for the damage, but with the driverless car it allows the vieicle to take control of the wheel and cause the crash to never happen. Also when it comes to elderly or drunk drivers they never fully have an eye out for what can happen and are not quick enough to react to it, so if the car can pull the brakes on its own then that would save another situation to never happen.

Since the road is such a dangerous place there is no room for texting or making a mistake. It seems like driverless cars are the right thing to do since so many people get in crashes, or cause death from an accident. Driverless cars seem to be the safe choice, and can save many lives. 