The matter of wreckless driving and car crashes due to things like texting is not something anyone should look at lightly. Aside from such, there is also the issue of people not having the ability to drive due to several reasons yet still needing to get around somehow. Cars today are more often than not entirely controlled by the driver, so the thought of purchasing a driverless car is foreign to many individuals. People have come to be so used to the idea of driving vehicles themselves that not only do driverless cars sound odd to them, but also trepidatious. However, driverless cars should be looked at as useful and a positive alternative to everyday cars as they are aware and self-sufficient for their owner's benefit.

First, consider the matter of how driverless cars could be aware. Unlike typical cars today, these cars, which are under development by Google and other significant companies, are built with different types of sensors. These sensors all serve different purposes that make the vehicle more aware of its surroundings by constantly generating a 3-D interpretation of the car's general area. Not only that, but they also feature things like GPS recievers, position-estimating and motion sensors, and even inner features that keep tabs on the driver so they are able to take over the wheel if need be. With these functions in place, these driverless vehicles are able to be just as aware as humans are in the driver's seat, if not more so.

However, even with this in mind, how are these driverless cars more self-sufficient than regular cars? Maybe they have sensors and are just as aware as humans, but what else can they do that makes them so much better than regular vehicles? Unlike everyday vehicles, these driverless cars are in fact driverless with a few unprofound exceptions. These cars are able to not only be as conscious of its surroundings as a human can be, but it can also drive just like a human, too. This vehicle, which is sometimes addressed as a "smart car", has full control of the car's functions. It can brake, handle, and steer itself while on the road, only having the driver take over if there is a particular situation that needs careful maneuvering through. In such events, the vehicle will then notify the driver with an obvious display that signifies a need to be manually directed. Likewise, it can also handle some situations on its own with its ability to reduce engine power and apply brakes when necessary, making it a truly "smart car".

While efficient and benefitial to drivers, it must be remembered that as driverless cars they are very technology driven, which stands to be a problem in the face of the law. All that is needed for them to make their rise and overturn normal cars is for technology to make some progress. With these ideas in mind, let it not be doubted that with its awareness and self-sufficiency, the driverless car could stand to benefit many and should be further developed.