When you're voting for a president to govern our country, your vote should count just as much as anyone else's. The political way of voting right now, is by using electoral college. You cast your vote thinking that your voting for a president when actually your voting for that candiadates electors. Electoral college is unfair, irrational, and could have some really serious consequences.

Electoral college is not fair at all to the people voting. When you vote for president, most of the time you think that your voting for the person that you think will really help to improve this country. With electoral college, you might as well just vote directly for the electors. If all your vote is doing is going to the electors, then presidential candidates shouldn't even advertise themselves because in the end your not voting for them, your voting for the electoral college for that candidate.

The presidental candidates don't go to all the states when runing. They simply go to the states that they know will support them and the states that will most likely vote against them. What about all the other states that arent neccesarly with or against the candidate? They don't ever see any advertisments for the candidates, the person in the presidental race doesnt go to see them, and so when they vote they are basically blindsited by the name on the ballet. It's completly irrational to only go to the states that love you or hate you.

The best argument against the electoral college is something called the disaster factor. To make a long story short, basically it's that the state legislatures pick the electors, and those electors could always defy the rights and will of the people. For example, you could vote for a presidental candidate, but his/her electors cast their vote for the opposing candidate. That's taking away your right to vote for the person that you want to win.

When voting, your vote should go to the person that you chose. Not who the electoral college for that person called. Electoral collages have so many flaws in the system. It's unfair to the people voting, not all the states get as much exposure to the candidate as others, and the system could totally collapse on itself if the electors dont vote for the person that you voted for. That is why popular voting is the best way to elect a political figure. Your vote is going to the person you choose, not to the person someone else chooses for you.            