In many different countries, driving and the use of motorized vehicles have decreased in the past few years. We have come to learn the cars cause pollution of the atmosphere and the creation and release of greenhouse gases. These deadly gases have led to global warming and the decrease in our atmosphere. We've learned that if we stop using cars and find other, more environmetally friendly ways of transporation, that our contribution to the pollution will decrease ten-fold.

Greenhouse gases consist of CO2 and other chemicals that come from fumes from cars and other forms of exhaust. They are mainly from cars and motorized vehicles. These harmful gases eat away at our atmosphere. We cannot replenish our atmosphere so we have to try and preserve what we have leftover. Therefore, if we cut back on the use of these vehicles, we won't destroy our atmosphere as much as what we have done in the past.

Along with greenhouse gases, smog is also another problem. Smog is a mixture of the fog and moisture in the air combined with exhaust from cars, smoke from cigarettes, and other toxic fumes. We have to have smog checks on our cars at least once a year to see if our vehicles are protected against the chemicals. Smog can be prevented somewhat by halting the use of vehicles. Also, if we don't use cars, not only will we have less smog, but we won't have to pay for the annual smog checks. We'll be helping our environment and helping our wallets.

Don't you hate it when you're stuck in a traffic jam when you're trying to be somewhere on time? Of course, cars are faster than walking everywhere but if there are people in front of you not being able to move because of the people in front of them and so on and so on, then walking would cut the time of sitting in a car and waiting 10 minutes to move 5 feet in half. Most people hate waiting. Also, if we walk, not only will the pollution decrease, the obesity of our country will to! Think about that the next time you start to munch on a bacon cheeseburger.

In the United States, people have begun to lose interest in driving. According to Source 4, less and less people are driving, buying cars, and recieving their licenses. That means that come the next century, our carbon footprint will be half made up for. More people want to walk to lose weight and be able to hang out with friends and colleagues. If we don't stop using alot of fuel, we'll have more money for things that are more important. Motorized vehicles are making us and our economy suffer. Maybe, if we cut back on car use, we'd have more money to bring back our electives and music programs in our countries school systems.

So, overall, if we cut back on vehicles, our lives will be so much better. We wouldn't have to be so paranoid over gas prices. Our air that we breath would be cleaner and our money would be saved. We'd also have less worries about finding a cure for weight-related illnesses. Our country would be perfect without cars.    