To the Principal

In my own opinion based on things I've seen in school, I think it would be best if students are able to bring and use their phones to school and use them during lunch and other free times as long as it's turned off during class time. My reasoning for this is that students will be able to have a means of communication in case of an emergency at the school such as an earthquake or lockdown. Even though the teachers would have heir cell phones to help the students during this time, it doesn't hurt to be safe. Some students walk home where teachers are not available and may be involved unintentionally in badly times incidents. However the downside to this policy is some that students may disobey this rule and use their phones during class time to cheat or share answers with others as some students have phones with and internet connection nowadays due to the popular demand of smart phones which most likely comes with internet access. . So this policy has its share of disadvantages along with advantages.

Comparing the first policy to the second, the second policy about not having any phones in the school has at least one advantage. Schools who do not allow students to bring phones to school will probably a lower cheating percentage and no more confiscation. Then again with the students who follow the rules, there are the students who have nothing better to do but break, disobey, defy the school policies just because they wither want to show off that they can do it, are arrogant and think that they can do whatever they want, or rebelling in some cases. or just want to tick off the teacher for laughs and giggles.

Personally I think that the first policy would be the best for our school as I don't see many disadvantages to it. Students would be able to find each other if they split up, alert others of any school changes ahead of time, notify others about things their teacher changes in their classroom, or remind their classmates not to forget about supplies. They'd also have a means of communication in times of an emergency. The only advantage I see for not letting students have phones at school at all is that less people would most likely cheat on tests and they'd pay more attention in class rather than text one another in their own conversation. So personally I think the first policy has more benefits than the second policy.

~ Sincerely

An ordinary student