Summer projects help the students learn during the summer and become prepared for the next school year. Although some may say teachers are more experienced at giving projects because they have been doing it longer; Summer projects should be student-designed, because students will probably not be in that same class with the same teacher next school year, it will be more enjoyed by students, and student are on there break from school and still have to do school work.

First, the students will enjoy the summer project more because the students picked it. The students would also put more work and effort in to the project because it can be about someone admired by the student(s) or can be a career choice in the future. Students would be able to do a project on sports, history, engineering, animals, and even health of the human body. There would be interest in the project with that students do not have to do the repeated subject that is in class or a boring assignment the teacher does not care about. When students enjoy a project the subject and possibilities can be limitless and full of imagination.

Secondly, if a teacher gives a summer project to the students nine out of ten of the students will not be in the same class next school year unless the class was an elective class and the students(s) chose to do it again. While having a different teacher next school year the project may or may not be cared for because of the subject difference and the teacher is not worried about what another teacher is teaching. Furthermore, the project may not even be graded by the new teacher so the student should have a project that can related or help them out of the school community. Also the project should be something the student can do without needing teacher assistance in case that the prompt of the project is not clear or the student has trouble finding information on the project.

Last but not the least, during the summer students have a break to relax from all the things students do in school. The students already have to do a project that would be preferred not to do ,so instead of having a teacher design the project having a project that can benefit the students will help them in every day life. Most students take vacations during summer time so having a project that is designed by students can give them ideas on what to do on vacation. The students would have a guide or set up exactly the way the students want it and model the project with out frustration.

In conclusion, If a student is forced to do a teacher designed project the students will be helpless, misled, and extremely bored during the summer. A project made by students can be enjoyed while also educating and preparing the student for the future while having a amazing summer. 