Distance learning can be very helpful to students who cannot attend classes at school like other students. Although distance learning can effect students losing focuses in their classes, nevertheless, learning away from school can help us the students to have less stress, and giving us an opportunity to take care of our brothers and sisters and attending classes without skipping classes.

Almost everyone in school is stressing about something,so attending classes online would help a lot. For example: It gives us more time to finish our work for other class and stress less, because to me having the advantage to attend online classes would help out a lot, and also i might have other classes to worry about. so having an option for us the students to attend class from home by using online or video conferencing might not sound the worst. And could help students who are suffering from anxiety and having any type of stress. By using online classes they could listen to music to clam themselves down and not having any signs of a panic attack, because in school not every class or teachers might let the students use their phone to listen to music; they might not be able to know if the student is having a panic attack, but at home if they are attending classes online and having a panic attack their parents would be there to help them clam down.

Most students need to stay home in order to help with family emergence. Research has show that almost 50% of the time if the student is not at school, then they are at home helping out with their siblings at home, doing that they skipping school and losing an education, but with online classes they can do both without skipping class or missing anything in school. Because with online class the information they need would be provided to them, if they have a laptop or computer and in case they do not have any of these technology they can just go to their local Library with their siblings and do their assessments with no worries, because their siblings would find some kind of fun to do at the library.

In conclusion attending classes online at home would benefit a lot for us the students because in case some thing happens at home they just go online at do their work without stress about losing points, to me personal attending classes online would be very helpful because I would have to stress a lot, can skip school and get some sleep.     