Should students have the option to take online classes? Yes, I believe that students should have the opinion to take those online classes and that no one should take those classes away from those students. Students can be more active when they are at home then at school. You can pick a time to start your online classes and have a fixed schedule. It is important for students to have the education of there own way instead of worrying about how public/private schools are run.

Most students attend to focus more when they are taking online classes; For an example, Students dont have to worry about how teachers are teaching students when they are in a class full of other students. Students tend to struggle when teachers aren't teaching their students properly and care more about there monthly payments. Second example, is that having that one-on-one connection. Having that bond with your teachers are great ways to not be afraid to ask question when you dont get a problem or how to get the answers to the homework. Third example, most students tend to be antisocial at school because thats how they were born or even scared that people around them with judge the student and that the students wanna feel safe at school.

My second argument is that students tend to get bullied at school; Bullying is a huge thing around the world and that bullying is a serious problem; Bullying is the number one cause of student not attending to school and not getting the proper education they need: For an example, when the student is taking an online class, they dont have to worry about other students picking on him, but instead he can feel safe and really enjoy the education that he is learning online at home. There was this one time that one of my really close friends was being made fun of and picking on him everyday at school. He would sometimes not attend to school because he was too scared to come in to class and would always worry about the other students. He would not focus on his school work, but would mostly focus about protecting himself.

My Third argument is that students can ask question when they are having that one-on-one with the teacher. Students are afraid to ask a not so good questions in math, English, history, etc. Students have that nerve racking moment when a teacher tells the class if they have any questions. There was this one time that a teacher asked the class if there were any questions and none of the students raised their hands because I felt like everyone knew what they were doing in the class but me. I was having that moment that I didn't wanna waste the other students time about my question that I didn't understand on. It was the judgment that they would give me, but I know that it wasn't the case, people tend to over think about the problem inside the classrooms. For an example, Extroverts tend to not talk/socialized to people often, instead they don't talk to others and the problem that they are having trouble with and scared to ask the teacher because they feel insecure about talking or feel uncomfortable talking to others.

In conclusion, Students should have the option to take an online class and enjoy learning like everyone else should. Learning is a fun thing to do, but have different learning styles in life. The world keeps changing everyday now and new technology is developing overtime.