Have you ever dreamed of driverless cars in the future as a child? Well if you have, that dream seems to be coming true. Companies have said that driverless cars are completely safe, but would you be able to trust that? The thought of driverless car may seem absolutely wonderful, but the dangers that come with it may not. Driverless cars shouldn't be allowed on the roads because they are not completely driverless, driving laws may change, and we need smarter roads.

According to the article, it says that "In 2013, BMW announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assistant". The car can handle driving functions at sppeds up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel and the driver must remain alert". If the driver still needs to hold on to the wheel, then why are they called driverless cars? This can be very dangerous because the driver may not be fully alert to take over. Something may go wrong to where the driverless car doesn't alert the driver to take over in time which could lead to a serious accident.

According to the article, it says the "Driving laws mainly written on having a human driver controlling the car at all times." Driving laws focus on keeping driver, passangers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is fully achieved with alert driver. If the driver isn't alert than that could cause lives to be in danger. Driving laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times, not having a human driver drive only for a certain amount of time and the car driving itself. Traffic laws would have to change in order to cover the liability in case of an accident.

According to the article, it says that "Smarter roads are too expensive to be pratical". If there is a smarter car on the road, we will need to have smarter roads and that comes with a lot of work. Smart-road systems work suprisingly well, but they require massive upgrading to exsisting roads. For starters, the driverless car will need to have an excessive amount of sensors. That causes the car to need a lot of improving in order to function with exsisting roads.

Driverless cars has its perks, but it has many downsides also. Driverless cars could form a public transportation system where people all over the world could use. While that may seem amazing, the dangers of having cars drive themselves overtakes that because driverless cars are not completely driverless, traffic laws may change, and we need smarter roads. The safety of driverless cars may change, but however, we need to wait for what the future holds for us.  