Although many people are for driverless cars, I am against them.

Even though there are several benefits to driverless cars, driverless cars can be a huge problem and danger to people, not just driving or riding in the car, but pedestrians outside of the car as well.

I think driverless cars should not be allowed for several reasons.

Some of these reasons are that drivers could get more distracted, new laws would have to be made, and if an accident were to occur, the question that comes up is who should be blamed: the owner of the car, the driver of the car, or the car manufacturerer?

Driverless cars could prevent accidents, but they could cause them just as much.

Driverless cars should not be allowed for several reasons.

One of these reasons is that it could lead to more accidents than a regular car.

This is because if someone was tired when he or she was coming back home, they could potentially fall asleep because they are not driving.

If this happens, the driverless car will not be able to get the attention of the driver to take over.

Another reason why I think driverless cars should be banned is because when the driverless car is driving, the driver could get distracted by passengers or by their phones, causing them to not pay attention to the road because they are texting or playing a game or, even worse, not be able to listen to the driverless car when it is telling the driver to take over due to the passengers having a conversation with each other or the driver.

Also, like the text said, I think that if driverless cars were to be allowed, it would cause several other issues, like the making of new laws.

I also agree with another point that the text rose.

If someone were to get in an accident with a self driving car, who would be to blame: the driver or the manufacturer?

In conclusion, I think that driverless cars are just too dangerous to make leagal.

Driverless cars would be the cause of hundreds of car accidents that takek place on the streets everyday, with no one to point the finger at.

Driverless cars are not just an issue and danger to the driver, but also the passengers inside the car and pedestrians on the street.

There are several other dangers as well.

With driverless cars, the driver may get bored of not driving and accidentally fall asleep, and will not be able to wake up when the car tells the driver to take over.  