In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author states positive and negative aspects of driverless cars.

The development of these cars would be a total waste for the economy.

There is no need for driverless cars when the cars we drive today, on our own, are just fine.

If the driverless cars were manufactured and sold,

the roads would have to change, the driver would get bored not feeling in control, and the money to build the car is too expensive.

That's a lot of twist and turns for the car's road ahead.

For example, if the cars were to develope, all the roads would have to change to safely fit the requirements of the car.

In the text the author states that the cars require massive upgrades to existing roads, something that is simply too expensive to be practical. That statement just shows how in order to create these cars, the roads would have to improved for safety, and that amount of money is horriftic.

Another reason why we shouldn't have driveless, the driver in the automomous car becoming less needed in terms of driving.

The driver is required to have his/her hands on the steering wheel at all times in the car.

That means the car gives off the illusion of the driver being in control, but the driver may also feel inferior to the car's abilities.

This would cause less people buying the driverless car.

The equipement needed to make the driverless car safe and secure is sensors.

In the article the author writes how Google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotatin sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor.

That is a lot of equipement for just one car!

Not to mention the safety sensors also may be unappealing to the cars' design and to the buyers.

The sensors used for one car can also add onto the amount to manufacture the car which causes the prices to increase.

If the prices increase, less people will buy the car.

In the text it states that the cars simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over.

Which means the cars have a notificatin system that notifies the driver when the road ahead requires human skills.

That system is a good thing to have in the car, but what if it breaks. The driver is at risk of an accident if not alerting about upcoming driving obstacles.

Then the law would have to determine if the driver or car was at fault.

Less people would buy this car to avoid the uncertainity of being at fault or in an accident.

Overall, driverless cars should not be developed because there is not a safety and money-efficent way to do so, yet.

Unless the time comes, cars should stick to being controled by the driver.

If the cars change, it doesn't mean people are going to buy the autonomous car.

The road ahead for this driverless car is shortly coming to a dead end. 