why shouldn't you use your phone while driving

Should people be able to have their phones while operating a vehicle? In my opinion they shouldn't because it can probably cause an accident by the distraction. But only way I say it is okay is if you're using your phone for directions and your using a stand for it and not holding it in your hand or if your phone is hooked up with your car. Like if you have Bluetooth and you're taking directions from there or taking calls too. Some people needs to use their phones if they are lost or it's an emergence. Another reason you shouldn't because if you put your phone in the passenger seat and it rings and most people take their eye off the road to pick it up and that can cause an accident.

Most car accidents are because of distraction of phones like texting and driving, playing games on your phone or even video calling. People uses most of their time on their phone. Taking your eyes off the road can be so dangerous, even if you think it's a quick glace something can still happen. Just taking 5 seconds can be bad. It is very illegal to texts and drive or talking on the phone is. It is a total of 1.6 million of people getting in car crash over being on the phone. There is a big toll that it's mainly teenager who gets in car accident because of texting and driving.

Can you go to jail for this crime? Well it depends on what state you're in because some say it's just a fine and some say you do jail time. The fines are up to 20$ -500$ and it depends on what state you're in. Texting and driving can be a very serious crime because you're getting someone hurt for your actions. You can really injure someone and your consequences will be jail time because you can kill someone. Not only you're going to jail but you just took an innocent people lives. While your texting and driving not only your hitting someone in their car but you can run a red light and that person that is crossing you can kill them.

You can also hurt the people that you are driving with. For an example say you and your family were taking a road trip and you guys are on the highway and you look down at your phone for 5 seconds to answer a call or message that can be a big accident. Now you just hurt you whole family just because you wanted to answer a call or text, was that message was really important enough that you had to put everyone else in danger. Not just your family will be hurt but somebody else family would be too. This is why I say people should not be able to use their phones while operating on a car because it is so dangerous and can put someone else's lives in danger.                   