Over the years, the ways of attending school have gradually advanced. Being present to class can now mean through an electronic screen, phone calls, and even of course actually going to school. It has even become more of an advantage to those whose parents aren't comfortable with their child containing special needs to attend public school, and accessible to those who are physically disabled. Some may think otherwise, but I honestly agree that student get benefits from being able to attend classes from home.

Giving students this benefit allows everyone to have the ability to keep up on their work, and make sure the ones who were absent get the same the amount of opportunity to earn a grade no different from those who actually attend school. This advantage also prevents teachers from having to re-teach a lesson and sometimes falling behind because of the absence of one student. Other students shouldn't have to be held back because of one person, but having this access to our work from home or other places gives us the chance to keep up with the class physically present or not. Having this benefit will keep everyone on one page and in sync, avoiding any confusions and up to date in the classroom environment.

Some students may have their absence due to disciplinary consequences or maybe a sickness. Suspension would be the only consequence that would keep a student from their natural learning environment. Even though that student may have committed actions that were obviously not good in the school system, they still have every right to learn just as much as the present student in school. This consequence is very reasonable but not allowing that child to have access to their learning isn't fair at all. Sickness is also a very common excuse on why students were absent. Not being able to learn because of the fact that you're ill is kind of like a punishment. Being sick is not a bad thing, and those who stay home for this reason should get full accessibility to their class work.

Now the opposite opinion from mine would be to think that this is not beneficial to students at all. Some may say the kids would slack around all day instead of focusing on their school works and it could never get done. At home there are no monitors around and cannot give the same kind of environment vibe that a classroom provides. This gives students the chance and opportunity to lead into cheating. Most who are against my opinion would probably have these thoughts about students learning from home.

Attending school does not strictly have to be from a desk in a classroom, the options we have today are also valid. Technology also has a huge impact upon this matter, and tech is advancing daily. The pros for this subject probably weigh out the cons, but everyone is entitled into their own opinion. The disadvantages on this new access are very convincing and reasonable, but this definitely is a benefit to those who do not attend school .