"Hey Generic_Name, I need to ask you a question," called Generic_Name, " What's up? Are you having girl problems?" teased Generic_Name. "No, I think my friend group doesn't actually like me, also think I might get caught up in some bad stuff if I keep on hanging out with them! What should I do?" asked Generic_Name. "This is what would do. Beat them up and show em whose boss!" Generic_Name whispered. Generic_Name was smaller kid, he was tough, but not tough enough to beat a whole group of kids. Though he listened to Generic_Name and went to stand his ground. Generic_Name came back bruised from the top of his head all the way to his toes, he was shaking and more jumpy than usual. "I am never listening to you again!" screamed Generic_Name, and he walked away.

People should seek more than just one opinion from people because you might not make the right choice from just one person's opinion, you'll feel more confident about what you were asking about, and other people may have better advice than others.

First off, you might not make the right decision. For example, my one friend, she wanted to know if she should continue doing ballet or if she should quit. Her parents wanted her to quit, but she really liked dancing, so she asked her teacher what she should do. He said to quit, and make her parents happy. Making your parents happy is a good thing, but if you're not happy than you don't know if you can really improve in that activity. My friend quit even though she wanted to continue dancing, which for her was the wrong decision. If she had asked multiple people than she might've been able to continue dancing. Another example is, my brother wasn't sure if he should buy a blue colored paintball gun that was $17 or if he should a green colored one that was $10. My brother knew that if he went with the cheaper one then he's saving money, but he liked the blue one better. He asked his friend, to which his friend told him to go with the expensive one. if my brother would've asked more people, most likely they would've told him to go with the cheaper one.

secondly, you'll feel more confident about what you were asking about. For instance, my cousin wanted to know which tie he should wear to his prom. He was pretty sure he wanted to wear a blue tie, but he still wanted to know what his mom and sister thought. Both of them said that they liked the blue tie and that it looked good on him. Because he asked more than one person, he felt better about which tie he should wear. Furthermore, about three weeks ago, I went to Cold Stone Creamery and I wasn't sure if i should get mint chocolate chip or and different flavor. I asked my dad, my mom and the server. They all said to do mint chocolate chip. Hearing what they all said helped me make a decision that I'm comfortable with.

Finally, other people my have better advice then others. One example is, I wasn't sure what to do for a project in school. I asked my older sister, and she said to do the easiest one possible. While my older brother said that it's better to do a harder choice because it shows that you like a challenge and it'll probably give you a better grade. I went with what my brother said because it was the smarter and "wiser" choice. Moreover, my friend, one time, was about to tell this one girl that she didn't like her, I asked why my friend was going to do that, and she said because our other friend told that it was a good idea. I went ahead and stopped her because saying how you feel in a mean way is never a good idea. If my friend hadn't heard what i said, she may have gone with worst choice.

"Hey Generic_Name, can I ask you a question?" asked Generic_Name "Sure you can, what's up? " asked Generic_Name in a calm voice. "Well, I was asking Generic_Name about what I should do about a friend problem, and he said to beat them up, but I feel like that's not the best thing to do." Generic_Name said. Generic_Name told him to talk to his friends and she even got her friends to back her up on what she was saying. Because Generic_Name asked multiple people for advice, he made the right choice, he felt confident with the answer he was looking for, and other than Generic_Name, everyone had better advice.          