Some of the advantages of limiting car usage is definitely that it would help not polute the air. With so many people driving cars in small towns that can quickly polute the air, especially in paris in source two where it says "After days of near-record pollution, paris enforced a partail driving ban to clear the air of the global city" With all of that pollution it can cause things such as global warming, and unhealthy air for our bodies. With just a small break of not driving the congestion was down to 60 percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog. Also with cold nights and warm days that also causes air to trap car emissions.

Another advantage of not driving cars, would be exercise. That would be such a good work out because you would have no other option except to walk/ride your bikes. You would get to socialize with everyone else who is walking to their jobs, or the grocerey store all while getting a little bit of exercise with your family. With everyone walking and having nothing better to do, sports centers and parks activity has bloomed throughough the city, and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up with sales.

More and more people have stopped getting cars/licenses and instead taking the city bus, walking or riding their bike. A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. If more people would continue to either car pool or find a different way to get where they're going the worlds pollution would definitely begin to go down. Without all of the pollution that comes out of cars and that gets trap into the air, our air would begin to get so much more cleaner and safer for us to breathe.

With all of the money it takes to repair the roads, and the electricity it takes to run all of the stop lights, that money could go towards other things if people didnt drive as much as they do. Although many people need and use their cars for transportation theres always other ways to getting around town. It would also help save you money that is spent on gas every week, with the gas prices being unpredicatable every day.

With all of these advantages of not driving cars as much or at all, it would really help protect the worlds air, and could be a great source of exercise! Walking or riding your bike to wherever you need to go, or even just taking the city bus for two dollars. Also saving your money and spendind it on something else rather than wasting it on gas, or getting your car fixed. Or simply even buying a car, which can cost thousands of dollars.    