Many people think or believe that they should get rid of the Electoral College vote for the president. Well in my opinion I believe they should not keep it because why do we even need them for? We have the people of the US. They can vote for a president, that's why the Constitution was written, to gives us the rights, freedom of speech, the right to vote. Why else would we have that if our vote won't really matter.

They should get rid of the Electoral College Vote because we already have many people voting for the president. We don't really need many people just to choose one man or woman to lead the country. They can just count how many citizens voted for a president and the one who has more voters is the winner. If it ends up as a tie, then just let the memebers of the House of Represenatives vote. Or at least let the popular vote decide who the president will be.

Having the Electoral College vote is useless, because they just vote for a for a slate of electors, who in turn will elect the president. It just adds more steps to elect the president. They should just get rid of it and keep the popular vote for the president of the United States. Let the qualified citizens vote who they want to be the president. It'd make more sense, because they just vote for someone who is not holding office,  anyone. I say get rid of it so that we don't get a "disaster factor" anymore. That 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in the century.  This electoral college vote is unfair , outdated, and irrational. its unfair because of the winner-take-all system.

However, many people may disagree. They belive that we should keep the electoral college vote. There's five reasons of why they think we should keep this type of method of choosing the President. The first reason is the certainty of outcome. A dispute over the outcome of the Electoral College vote is less likely to happen than a dispute over the popular vote. The second reason is everyone's president. It requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal and no region has enough electoral votes to elect for a president.  The third reason is the swing states. The unfair method of winner-takes-all electoral votes induces the candidates and focuses on the voters in toss-up states whom more likely pay close attention to the campaign. The fourth reason is the big states. Electoral College restores some weight in the political balance by letting a large state get more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does. And the fifth reason is to avoid run-off elections. It avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast.

So in conclusion they should get rid of the electoral college vote because its unfair to the small states. Knowing that their vote will not have any effect, they have no reason to pay attention to the campaign. They can just let the popular vote decide or the House of Representatives. Bob Dole was right. Lets get rid of the electoral college vote. Mostly get rid of it because its unfair to some states or people. Its is really an irrational way to settle on an agreement of who the president may be. And yes is may have less disputes over the outcome but it better to have some dispurtes over it so we elect the correct president and see what all their qualities may be. In my opinion I believe we should abolish the electoral college.                                         