Have you ever talked to your friend about something and he Disagrees with your advice while you might think he's advice isn't valid but people have their own opinion and some can change your thinking.:This article I will show you why multiple Opinions are just better than one , first giving multiple opinions can Reduce bad behavior, second multiple opinions can show you things you didnt know you had. Thirdly Multiple opinions are just better because 3 brains are better than one.

Multiple opinions can reduce bad behavior, because if you are looking for an advice and you listened to an advice you like you will stick to it. A example, someone tells you to cheat on a big test and your ready to do it when someone overhears you and say don't do it there is always a better solution than cheating and starts listing out facts and this other opinion can make a huge difference in your outcome and change your perceptive to cheating on a test. Personally I have dealt with bad advice but I always have good friends/family to stop me from doing bad things so this passage can show you why opinions are really important.

Why multiple opinions can show you things you didn't know you have ,to elaborate my personal experiences have shown that some of my advice that I get are pretty bad and some other advice can make you learn and broaden your horizons. A personal example of mine is when I was bored at home and my friends told me to either make some food for them or go out and play and i reluctantly made the food, when I did make the food it turned out great. When that happened I started cooking more and now its a hobby I loved that I never knew I had. This show that multiple opinions can show you things you didnt know you have.

Why multiple opinions are just better because 3 brains are better than one, in more depth multiple opinions can separate bias nous because other peoples opinion can have different ideology. If you did survey 3 people for advice on getting good grades probably the things they would have said was pay attention in class, do homework etc while there might be that one guy that says just cheat and don't listen in class. If this does happen you might think who is bias here while it depends on your standpoint if you already support cheating you will pick that guy so that will be bias but have you ever thought that maybe just paying attention and studying would help. If you did take that route you will have multiple opinions to lye on and that can overall dissipate bias nous and also you can switch stand point to see whats right for you. This can show your route what stand point you like.

After all of this I support my claim and my thesis multiple opinions can Reduce bad behavior, multiple opinions can show you things that you didn't know you had, Multiple opinions are just better because 3 brains are better than one. Multiple opinions can change your life for the better, If you give people opinions I hope Its good ones and I hope to see that people that are reading this implement it into their lives .