I think when people show act of kindness can help you when you need advice because you can compliment people,making sure they are confident,and help them out

A way that can help you when you need advice is being kind like cheer them up tell that person that they can do any thing like telling them that they can be successful. One time i thought that i was going to fail my math sol in 6th grade but my teacher said that i will pass and to believe in my self , never give up, and he also said that i shouldnt be nurvice. When i took i took the sol i didnt feel nirvice anymore, then i passed the sol and i also felt excited. That was one reason why showing act of kindness can get you to being successful and you xan also have a good actitude

My second reason that shows act of kindness can help you when you compliment them tell them that there smart so that they can believe that they are smart and successful and it can make you feel better when the compliment me about my shoes i feel like different like happier. Complimenting other people can makeup someones day and you will be more confident about your self.

Another reason that i got is helping others. When you need help ask for it, its important to ask for help when you need it you will know more than you all ready know. when i need help i raise my hand and ask for help and when the teacher answers my question i know something new. You should help other people when they need help so that they can know and you will feel better and like if you know everything.

these were ways you can help other people be more successful and make better choices and for you to be successful and learn something new.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  