Imagine if there was an option to get a quality education without the need to actually go to school, imagine not having to deal with crowded hallways, obnoxious students, or blaring school bells. Actually, there is an option like that. Some schools offer the option of allowing students to attend school online by video conferencing or by being in an online class. This has sparked a debate with people wondering whether this option of taking online classes is beneficial to students or not. One side of the argument says that taking online classes is beneficial because it's convenient and there will be less negative social interactions between students. The other side of the argument states that students taking online classes is not beneficial because students will have less social interaction all together and because technology shouldn't be relied on so much when it comes to an education. I believe that getting an education online is not beneficial to students because of the lack of social interaction and because technology shouldn't be the most crucial object for a student's education.

Firstly, online classes aren't helpful because students who take online classes do not get the same social needs met as a student that physically goes to school. A student in an online class will have a lesser chance of meeting others. Meeting people and making friends is one the key aspects of going to school, besides getting an education, and students and kids need to be meeting people and learning how to interact with others. Humans are social creatures, we need to be talking, seeing, and meeting with people. If kids are built on rarely communicating with others, then there will be a higher chance of them being more socially anxious as young adults. Another reason why a student that goes to school online will not have their social needs met is because they won't experience arguments as much. While there is positive interaction, there is also negative interaction. As terrible as it feels when people experience it, a rare argument is actually good. It teaches kids what is accepted and what isn't by the way that the person reacts to it. For example, you get in trouble and scorned if you have a physical fight with someone after an argument, But if you react to an argument in good fashioned way then you will get praised and nothing bad will come your way. Furthermore, if a student that takes online classes gets a job where they are met with a negative interaction, they might not react in a way another student might. Lastly, people going to an online school will not get the same social interaction from teachers. While students that go to school have a teacher that is physically there to help, online students do not. This might make online schooling harder for the student because they won't have that same interaction with a teacher as a regular student would have. Plus, not having a teacher there next to you to show you how to do something might be hard for most students. So, online schooling is not beneficial to students because they will have limited social interactions like meeting and connecting with others, not experiencing negative social interactions, and not having the same social help with teachers.

Lastly, online classes aren't beneficial to students because technology has limits. There is always a risk of damaging the laptop a student is using to take the online classes. Accidents happen, but while the laptop is getting fixed the student will most likely start to fall behind on work. An accident shouldn't be a reason for someone beginning to fail a class. Another reason why technology is limited is because of internet and wifi. Some students may not have access to good internet and wifi because of their home and living situation, this will just make video conferencing more of a hassle than a helpful. Finally, the technology that the kids use for the online classes might be used irresponsibly. Some might use it to play games or watch videos, teens will be like that. Online schooling is not helpful because of technology limits like broken tech, not everyone has access to wifi, and others might not use it for it's intended purpose.

Some people may argue that online classes are good for students because of lack of negative interaction and its convenience. Bullying and fights can really harm students, I agree with that statement. But learning behind a computer screen shouldn't be the solution we choose. We can try to improve the school system or promote telling teachers and trusted ones if someone is getting bullied. Just because there is negative interaction doesn't mean we should limit interaction entirely. Also, the convenience not going on the school bus everyday and walking through loud hallways is compelling. That is also a fair point, but, charging chrome books everyday and running the risk of it breaking isn't any more convenient than a crowded hallway. Despite these points, I still believe that online classes are not helpful to students because we can better the school system with bullying problems and charging and always running the risk of damaging something isn't convenient.

Online classes are not beneficial to students because of the lack of social interactions and because of the fact that technology has limits. Students physically going to school is great for their well being, getting to interact with and make bonds with people is important in our daily lives. Technology shouldn't be used as the only mean to education, while technology can play an important role to a student's education, it should not be the main object to do so. 