Every school has a summer break, during summer break students tend to forget the stuff they learned in school most of the time. The schools want to help prevent students forgetting stuff they learned. So some schools are starting to require summer projects to assure students keep learning. People are debating whether or not the students should design the summer projects or if it should be the teachers. Teachers should design the summer projects because they can give the students helpful tools, make sure students are learning new things for the following year, and teachers can help students keep a refreshed brain.

When the teachers provide us the summer projects they can give students helpful tools. My friend, Generic_Name, needed help on a project but since his teacher provided him a cites page he got the help he needed without doing extra work. Therefore if a student may need some help doing research on their project the teacher may provide some helpful links or other tools students may be able to use. Although if students designed the summer projects they would waste time trying to find the help they need. As students are using the tools, teachers provided them to help with their projects, students also get to learn new things along the way.

Teachers will always want students to not just repeat the things students already know, teachers want students to also learn new things. In a summer project, for my math class, my teacher provided us with work I already knew and with some work that I did not know about. It helped in the long run because when school started back up I had already learned and practiced the problems we got. All teachers want us to move forward and keep learning things students may not know about. So if students were to design the summer projects, students would just do the projects based on what students already know to make it easier.

Lastly, teachers will be able to keep the students brain refreshed and prepared for the following school year. One of my fellow classmates stated that during one summer he forgot everything that he learned the past school year. Therefore if teachers designed the summer projects they would make sure students keep an updated memory on what the students had learned. If it were up to students they would choose not to have summer projects. That will cause for everything that they learned to just be forgotten.

Everybody knows that teachers just want the best for their students. Their main job is for them to see students succeed. Every students wants to be able to succeed. If students were to design the summer projects nothing really will get learned let alone help students succeed. So it would turn out best if teachers design the summer projects because they can give the students helpful tools, make sure students are learning new things for the following year, and teachers can help students keep a refreshed brain.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       