Have you ever had to decide on something, and you don't know what to do so you ask one person and then you chose based on what they said and it is wrong. This is where asking multiple people for advice helps. When you ask multiple people for advice you get to see what everyone thinks you should do. If you ask multiple people they will try to help you come up with an answer. When I was going to baseball practice, I couldn't decide between two hats. I asked my dad and he said the red one, I asked my mom and she said the red one too. Then I asked my brother and he also said the red one so I wore the red hat to practice. You should ask multiple people for advice because you get to hear all the opinions, you can get help figuring out what to chose, and you get too hear all the different choices you can pick .

You should ask multiple people for advice so you can hear all the opinions. Lets say you can't decide on a movie so you ask one person they tell you their favorite movie. It might not be your favorite movie but you took their advice and watched it. Instead of asking one person you should ask multiple people. Lets say that you ask 10 people and 7 chose the same movie, that means that a lot of people recommend you to watch that movie. Studies show that if you ask more people for advice instead of one person, it helps you make the right decision.

When you get help from more than one person it helps you figure out what to choose. In elementary school, I had a group of friends help me survey a couple classes to figure out what they would want more, A new playground or new computers. After we surveyed everyone we figured out that people wanted, newer computers. If I hadn't asked people for their opinion then I would have picked a new playground. Asking advice on what too chose helps you every day. You can ask where to go on vacation, what car to get, what to do on your day off, or even what to have for dinner tonight. Studies show that when you ask somebody what you should choose rather then deciding yourself, when you ask somebody else you make better decisions

When you ask multiple people for advice instead of one person you get to hear all the different choices you can make. Lets say you want to play basketball or baseball, and you ask somebody and they say why don't you play soccer and you decide to play soccer. This can help you come up with more options then you had before you asked people for help. Studies show that most options people pick they don't think themselves, but they ask another person and they tell them the option.

I know that it is sometimes hard to ask for advice but it really does help. I have made the mistake of only asking one person for their advice and I dont want you to make the same mistake as I did. Next time you ask for help, you should ask multiple people because you get to hear all the opinions, you get help figuring out what to choose, and you get to hear all the different choices you can make.