Space exploration has always been a challenging but exciting venture for scientists looking to study other planets. Venus has proved to be a planet of risks, and made many aprehensive to study it. However, Venus just may be the most likely planet for us to be able to visit. In this article, the author suggests studying Venus as a worthy pursuit. The risks, advancing technology, and benefits of studying Venus in this article, prove how well the author support's their idea.

Venus has shown to be a quite abrasive planet. It's risks have detered many scientists from studying it, but for good reason. Venus presents many challenges such as volcanoes, earthquakes, and lighting strikes. In the article, the author explains how overall temperature exceeds 800 degrees farenheit, and a pressure 90 times greater of our own planet would make entering the planets atmosphere almost impossible, and staying long enough to gather any data out of the question.

Although the risks of Venus seem to out weigh any possible benefits, the author presents possible solutions to many of these problems. With Venus's atmosphere being hostile, it would make landing and gathering data on the planet impossible. However, the author presents NASA's solution of a blimp like vehicle that could stay above the threatening atmosphere. Although conditions would be difficult to sustain, the air pressure and temperature would be liveable for humans. The author also adds the idea of using mechanical computers. These old pieces of technology would allow humans to make calculations, without having to worry about harsh conditions as much.

Venus may be dangerous, but exploring and studying it may provide more benefits that compensate for the risks and dangers. With scientists working to improve technology that could survive Venus's atmosphere, the author explains, this could "contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus." The author suggests looking at Venus's risks as challenges, and that by preservering through these challenges, we could be lead to accomplish more/equally intimidating forces.

While evaluating the risks of Venus, benefits, and advances in technology, the author proved that studying Venus would prove a valuable endeavor for many scientists. Advancing technology could work as a two birds with one stone dynamic, allowing scientists to study other similiar planets and forces. These technologies could also further help the Earth as we continue to study Venus, and possibly lead to people finding a way to inhabit Venus. Overall, the author proved studying Venus would expand technolgies innovation, and human perserverence.             