Getting advice from multiple people is great, because it can give you a better outlook on things and help you to not make a mistake. Having a better outlook on things can cause your brain to have a completely different perspective on a situation. When getting advice from multiple people you can get different opinions that you might not have thought about. For example, one person that you ask for advice could tell you to do something and the other person could tell you not to do that thing, so it's important that you also include your idea before making your choice.

Having a better outlook on a situation can make you realize if your original decision is necessary or not. I think that sometimes people don't understand that, they get advice from people but it doesn't really have an impact on them. When getting advice from multiple people you should also keep in mind your idea. Having multiple people help you with advice is very important, because if you only ask one person they could have the same opinion as you and that wouldn't be challenging your ideas or thoughts, so asking multiple people can help you have a better idea your final decision.

Other peoples opinions matter when asking for advice, because you should have different perspectives on a topic. Having different perspectives can help you not have regrets in the future. I recommend asking multiple people that you really trust for advice, this will also let you have respect on other viewpoints you might not have thought of originally. Being more informed on a topic from others viewpoints can help you not make a bad choice or decision.

People that you know will probably ask you or have asked you for advice, and it's important that you stay informed with what they are asking you about. I think that people ask multiple people for advice to really understand what their choices are. When making a choice it can be hard because they're a bunch of choices you can make too sometimes and you might not always know the right answer. I lastly conclude, that if you ask more than one person for advice, it will give you better information on the decision/ choice you make. 