Why should you join the Seagoing Cowboys program? Well, there are many reasons. Firstly, you have many chances of adventure. Who knows what could happen, but it could be worth the risk. Another reason you should consider being apart of the great program is the exprience. This could be a once in a lifetime offer that may never apear again. Furthermore, the learning oppurtunities are endless, and maybe even fun.

The places you could go. It almost seems like a dream when thinking about the many chances and oppurtunities that may stand with an open door. You could meet some great, new people. See some great new places. Luke stated from the passage ,"Besides helping people, I has the side benefit of seeing Europe and China. But seeing the Acropolis in Greece was special." You have the life-changing chance to not only help the needy, but to see things some don't have the chance to. Not only see, but exprience.

Expriencing new things can be terryifying, but can be something incredible as well. You can visit museums, ride bikes through the city, dine at the fanciest restaraunts with some new-found friends. Not only can you do all of those things, you can become close with the animals and other workers while on the journey. You may be busy throughout, but think of the job you are doing for so many in need, It's all worth the work. Expriencing is also learning.

Learning new things is like having money in your pocket. You may need all that you learn one day, and you need to be prepared for whatever life throws at you. One of the many things for you to learn while being a Seagoing Cowboy is how to care for animals. Animals have needs like humans. They need food, water and sometimes shelter to survive life's harsh ways. Another thing you may need to learn is how to communicate in other languages, or maybe how to speak in that language. You may also need to learn how to cook different foods, or how to live in harsher conditions like some do in other countries. The possibilities are endless whe it comes to learning new things, sometimes they are as simple as doing the dishes. But we can agree that there is more fun things to do rather than doing the dishes.

Stated in paragraph 8, "Luke also found time to have fun on board, esprecially on return trips after the animals have been unloaded. The cowboys played baseball and vollyeball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. Table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading and games also helped pass the time." Finding ways to entertain yourself doesn't seem to be hard when you have many crew members who would eargerly accecpt the oppurtunity to play a good game of catch.

In conclusion, being a Seagoing Cowboy seems to be a great oppurtunity for many to exprience. The many fun activites, the great cultures, the amazing people, and new things to learn should be enough to convince someone to become a Seagoing Cowboy and do some outstanding things for those in need.           