Giving multiple people advice can change the listeners life, and the speakers life. When people listen to someone's advice and it helps them a lot through life, it makes the speaker feel good about themselves. It makes the speaker feel like a positive adviser. It makes people to tell everyone advice. One person to tell everybody advice. Then those people who listened to the advice becomes more successful in life and spreads more advice to everybody else.

Fear is something everyone has. Whether if it's a fear of heights, a fear of roller coasters, and any other fears or phobias. I always wanted to learn how to do a back flip, but I was scared that I was going to land badly. I was scared that I was going to land on my neck and break it. So I asked my friend that does flips and told me how to get over it. He is a professional at acrobatics, so I listened to his advice. Then the day after, I finally did a back flip. Now I can do a back flip without any problems. My little cousin saw me doing it so he wanted to know how to do it. I gave him the same advice that my friend gave me. So my little cousin listened to it and landed it to. I felt proud of myself. I thought that I could help more people of getting over their fears.

Depression is a thing everybody goes through in life. Some people also talk about how to get over depression. People want to tell people about their story of when they felt sad or lonely and how they managed to get over it. When people relate to things, that's when people get the advice the person is talking about. It's easier to talk about things that people can relate to when you are trying to give advice.

Moving to a new school can be stressful. You have to make new friends. The school is a lot more different than your old one. You can talk to other people that go to your new school and ask them how get along with people you don't know. They can probably relate because they were probably new to the school as well. They can probably tell you their stories on how they made a new group of friends and got along with more people.

When you received advice from multiple people, you can use their advice to help other people. People always have an obstacle that they are trying to get over and try to to give that person advice. You can tell them your stories on how you got through a specific thing. They will probably listen your advice and it will possibly help them through life. Then they will tell their stories on how they got through an obstacle.      