I believe it would be beneficial for the students to do the distance learning,and because it would benefits the students to get good grades. Just imagine how good it would feel to get good grades,and not to get distracted from others. The first reason, is that some students need a quiet place to think and learn,and to payation to their class work,and to have the right to have a break at any point if they needed. For an example, that I have a friend that does this because he is autistic,and he needs quiet place to work on his classes,and he makes good grades too. This matters because students need a quiet place to learn and do their work,and some of those students have disibiltes that they need a quiet place to learn. Therefore by doing the distance learning opinion it's beneficial for the students that needs a quiet place to learn.

The second reason, Is that if a student has really bad anxiety,and can't be around a lot of people because they get really stressed out,and so if they do the distance learning option the student wouldn't have the problems any more because they are doing school work at home so now they mabey can good grades. For an example, I would do this because I have a lot anxiety problems,and I get really stressed out about school and my home life. this matters because the student needs it because they need to Handel there anxiety problems,and so there school work till they are fixed. Therefor it would be beneficial for some students that have bad anxiety issues.

The third reason,is that the students that has problems at home a lot and they need to stay home to help some times they could distance learning option. For an example in 2017 I missed a lot of school because my mom was in the hospital,and I had to help my dad till my mom got out of the hospital. this matters because in some student lives are going through a rough time at home,and if they can't show up to school they could just do distance learning option,and so they could get their school work done if they can show up to school.

in conclusion, I believe that the student can do this to help them to get passing grades or having rough time at home,and it good to distance learning as a option for the students.                            