Dear

,

I have recently heard that you are considering changing the C average for participating in sports or other activities to a B average. Although I do fully understand why you would choose to do this I believe that it should be kept at a C average. Many students in this school participate in additional activities and it is hard to keep your grades at tip top level. It's sort of like multi-tasking, it doesn't really work. Some students may want to take up a career in a certain sport or major in a certain activity. It's not always easy to be the best at both.

Many students at this school play soccer on the school soccer team and are considering doing it professionally. That may sound ridiculous to a person who works business because a sport doesn't sound like a suitable job for a life. An athlete would disagree. That is the job that person would enjoy doing for awhile. Work is supposed to be a job you do to earn money, but it should also be enjoyable, after all you do have to work everyday. It would be difficult for a student to have to focus on two things, grades and sports. If that student so chooses to be an athlete, than they'll want to focus on their sport.

Changing the grade may be one positive thing for our school, but many negative things follow. Trust me, you will get many complaints from students and parents daily. A grade C has always been the average for participating in sports/activities and I think that is very reasonable. Most people anyways do better than that anyhow, but pressuring students to keep their grade above a B may be asking a lot. Again that means they have to focus on academics and activities.

Think about when you first wanted to become a teacher or a principal. In High school and college you just wanted to focus on academics and becoming a great, fun teacher. But college required you taking extracurricular activities. How did you feel? You only wanted to focus on one thing and they made you focus on two, but less on one. Students who participate in sports feel the same way. They have to take both academics and sports, but they would much rather just be doing the sport. Aren't teachers, parents... grown-ups always telling us to follow our dreams. Limiting our dreams is only going to be misguiding your words.

I really do want you to think about what I said before you change the Grade average. Thank you so much for taking your own time out of your day to read this and consider it. I, and the students really do appreciate it!

Sincerely,      