The advantages of limiting car usage is a good idea because this way it will take away stress and lower air pollution and make the global city clean and fresh. Also this will promote alternative transportation and will reduce smog and will save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety in the communities.

In source 2 by Robert Duffer: Paris bans driving due to smog is important because after the day of pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air in the city. For example, in paragraph 14 said "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France after five days of intensifying smog..... The smog rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world" what this mean is that if the cold came and there are warmer days this can caused the layer in the air to trap the car emissions, which then will create pollution. If we stop the used of car driving this will help the environment around us.

In source 3 by Andrew Selsky: Car- free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota, is important because there is a program that is set to spread to other countries around the world, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or even take buses to work during an car free day. For exmaple, in paragraph 21 said " It was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city of 7 million" what this mean is that during the third straight years cars are banned and only buses are allowed this can promote alternative transportation and will reduce smog in the long run.

In source 4 by Elisabeth Rosenthal: The End of Car Culture is important because if socialogists believe it will have a beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment. For example in paragraph 43 said "Pedestrain, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety" what this mean is that if cars are no longer being used this can make the environment a better places because there are no pollution, no taffic and the environment is clean.

In advances, the advantages of limiting cars usage is a good idea because there will be no pollution in the air, there will be no traffic jams everyday. Also, Connected the network this can save us time, conserve resources, lower emissions and will improve the safety around the world and will reduce smog.                    