Should summer projects be student or teacher designed? Some schools require students to do projects over the summer to assure that they are learning during their long break. These projects wouldn't be short because of the two month long summer break. Whoever doing it would have to plan out the whole project. Projects given to students should be teacher designed because they have more experience, they would challenge the students, and they have more knowledge about the subject than the students do.

Teachers make projects all the time, they make at least two or three throughout the year. They know how to set it up, and how to include certain points to help the students learn. Many of my teachers have given websites or documents online that helped with what they were trying to teach. They had websites that were fun to go on and play with, for example, my Geosystems teacher gives us websites about the topic we are learning that are interactive. Sometimes even games that help with learning the new topics. A student wouldn't know a fun website or game that would help other students learn in a fun way.

The project being made would have to challenge the students because they are challenged every day at school. This project would be something new that they are learning, maybe even something that the students have never heard about. Teachers would make the projects a challenge but not impossible to do. Students would make the project super easy to do, so that they could finish it in a couple hours. Teachers would challenge them so the students can only gain, not lose.

Teachers have had to go through college and get a specific degree in their subject feild. They have had to go to school for years in order to do what they are doing today. They have more knowledge in the subject feild they teach, than anything else they know.

The teachers could include things into the project that that no student could ever think of. People could say "Well, students could do research and make a project based on what they found".

Teachers already have that knowledge, and they already know whats true and whats not true. Many things online aren't true and there's no way to tell if they are or aren't, but the teachers already know.

In conclusion, the teachers would create a better and more challenging project than the students. The teachers project would leave the students more knowledgeable than a project made by themsleves would. Therefore it would be better to let the teachers handle the projects. The students can have a continuous learning of the subject throughout the year. Projects given to students should be teacher designed because they have more experience, they would challenge the students, and they have more knowledge about the subject than the students do.