Did you know that over 95% of people that ask more than one person for advice turn out to have a better idea on what to do. There was this boy named Generic_Name who had got into a big choice that he had to make about whether he would do football or basketball for the season, he went to a football coach and asked him "Should I join a football team or a basketball team and the football coach obviously said football, Then he went to a basketball coach and asked "Should I join a basketball team or a football team" and he obviously said a basketball team, but he asked his mother and father and they gave him advice on what he would like better. Getting advice from more than just one person can give you lots of better advice, expand your ideas, and make yourself develop a non-bias point of view.

If you are seeking to get advice from someone going to just one person is not the right choice. There is a chance that they don't have a clue what they are talking about and might just be trying to make you feel better. Getting advice from various people can improve the quality of the advice by a fair amount. Having more knowledge of the topic or idea that you have been thinking of but can't decide, or an event is coming up soon and you need to plan for it. Are all reasons why asking more people for advice and improve the advice quality by a fair amount.

Asking more people for advice than just one can give you lots of great idea and expand your knowledge. More ideas can be very beneficial. One person isn't going to give you all the idea you need to process it. Asking lots of different people will improve your mindset by a lot. One person won't have many ideas, but i you ask a lot more people than you will learn a lot more on the topic and get a lot better advice. If your not sure on what ideas are good then you can keep asking people for more advice because you might notice a pattern and relationship between ideas.

Creating a non-bias point of view can be beneficial in many ways. It will help you make a smarter and better choice based on your ideas. It will also create difference in the ideas and make you really contemplate your standing. Being non-bias means to be open to new ideas and your not favoring one side or one idea. You can make a better choice off of the people that tell you lots of new ideas that you have to be open to. You can't just sit on one point of view and leave it, You have to decide whether or not you want to expand you ideas and mindset to the next level.

Getting advice from more than just one person can give you lots of better advice, expand your ideas, and make yourself develop a non-bias point of view. Asking more than one person for advice is very beneficial for you and others. Getting around asking only one person could be a struggle in the start but if you start to go around and ask more people it will really make a difference.