A major form of transportation that has been around for a long time is driving in cars.

Now, people are relying less on cars and are finding different methods of commuting. Some countries are even banning cars. Limiting car usage will have many advantages, such as reducing stress and benefitting the enviroment.

Cars come with a large amount of responsibility, which causes people to have stress.

Many people are actually happier without cars. Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and a mother of two, stated that "When I had a car, I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." (Source 1: In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars by Elisabeth Rosenthal) People can be tense from having a car because they have to do things like pay for insurance, pay the monthly bill for the actual car, pay for gas, and worry about where to park. Living a life without a car means that you are saving money and you are walking and biking more. "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city." (Source 3: Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota by Andrew Selsky) Due to the lowering in the number of cars, people are being able to go outside more into new parks, go workout with friends, or just enjoy the outdoors. All of this is healthy and good for a person, and causes a person to relax and feel less stressed.  Due to no cars on the road in Car-free day, there is no such thing as rush hour traffic, so people do not have to worry about leaving early or standing in traffic for a long period of time. Many who drive cars tend to have road rage, causing them to shout or get mad, which is not good for their health. People that drive to work on their bikes or use public transportation will not experience road rage, which will cause them to be happier. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife. (Source 3: "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selsky) Car-free day allowed this man to go to work in a fun way with his wife, enjoying the outdoors while also spending time together. If he had taken a car to work, he might have not went with his wife and had a good time. Limiting car usage will lead to less stress and happier people in the long run.

A big reason for the great amount of pollution in the world today is from cars.

Reducing the number of cars will also lead to a better enviroment with cleaner air. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." (Source 1: In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars by Elisabeth Rosenthal) Pollution is a major problem in many counties, such as the United States, and limiting the amount of cars on the road will surely have a positive impact on the enviroment. It will not do any harm. "If the pattern persists- and many sociologists believe it will- it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behing power plants." (Source 4: The End of Car Culture by Elisabeth Rosenthal) Since transportation is one of the major reasons for the amount of pollution in America, imagine the benefit to the enviroment that will occur if the amount of driving and car usage becomes limited. This is a very ambitious goal to curb America's greenhouse gas emissions. It is proven that fuel in cars is blamed for polluting counties. For example, Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in France, and is also blamed for polluting the country. (Source 2: Paris bans driving due to smog by Robert Duffer) Smog is caused by the pollution, and is the key factor to the reason why Paris is banning driving. The only place the ban of cars will negatively effect is the car industry. People use their car sometimes for uneccessary situtations, such as driving to a friends house if they live a short distance away. "The Internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends." (Source 4: The End of Car Culture by Elisabeth Rosenthal) It is not always needed to drive somewhere to meet up with someone. Technology nowadays, such as cellphones and computers, allow us to call, text, or video chat with people who are far away. This saves time and gas, and will be better for the enviroment.

Cars are not always necessary for commuting, and they also cause stress. They are harming our enviroment by polliuting it with its carbon emissions. There are other ways of transportation, such as public transportation, walking, or riding your bike. Limiting the amount of car usage will lead to people being healthier and less stressed, as well as the air being cleaner.    