The Benefits of Online Classes

Many schools like Generic_School offer online classes. These classes are available to all students and can be benefited from them. As the years progressed, technology has improved to help others gain education. Because of this, online classes are beneficial in many ways like students with disabilities can work from anywhere, students can work at their own pace, and there's an easier access to online resources.

An important reason why online classes are beneficial are the students with special needs and disabilities get access to education. It's hard for a special need student to concentrate in regular school classes, so a majority of their education is on a computer. I have a friend who has a disability with her brain, so when she goes home, she works online to be educated. She says, "It really helps her because she cannot focus in regular school classes." That goes for saying, not only is she benefiting from online classes, students who are physically and mentally disabled benefit from them. It's diificult for students in wheel chairs to attend classes because of the amount of moving to get from one class to another. If they did go to a regular class, the student will most likely be late and miss a ton notes. I have not once had a seen a single wheel chaired student in any regular class. When I see them, they're usually in a small classroom full of computers. Having online classes, allows wheeled chair students to work online to get their education, when they physically cannot get to places quickly.

It also allows the parents of the students not to be as stressed because they don't have to spend extra money for their child's education, so online classes benefit parents too.

Online classes allow students to work at their own pace. Many students with no space left in their school schedule use this to their advantage. "Not everything can be done in school" , Generic_Name said. She does an extra langauge outside of her classes to be able to graduate this year. This allows her to still take classes in school and take online courses at her own time. College students take an abundant of online classes. They do this to gain more information because they have busy lives. In college, many students have part time jobs, but they need time to fullfill their education, so they resort to online classes. My father did online college years ago to fullfill an education. This allowed him to take the class at his own time, rather then go to a school and lose money from taking too much time off work. Futhermore, online classes allow students to have mental breaks when stressed. Students don't have to feel as much pressure because they can work at their own pace and not the teachers'. Online classed students don't have to worry about getting embarrassed in front of other students when they get an answer wrong. Basically, a student can work at the comfort of their home.

It is true online classes are not effecient to students because students can cheat and don't learn, but students do it all the time in public school anyways. In some classes though, I never learn anything because the teacher doesn't teach and I couldn't switch teachers because of all the paperwork that had to be signed. With online classes students are definetly going to be taught and online students don't have to go through as much stress to switch courses. For cheating, I have seen students pull out their phones during tests and hide it in between their legs. During online tests, the test can go in full screen mode and lock a student out of Google. Parents have the authority over a student's phone. Even so, online tests can be held live, so someone is moderating the tests like the SAT. Which means, online classes do benefit more because the tests aren't as stressful, so students have better mental health.

A very valid point is, students have access to online resources. Most online classes allow students to hover over words and phrases for extra help. Also, when a student needs help the internet is there for them. The internet has all kinds of information; therefore, sudents don't have to worry about not knowing the information. There are online educational videos aswell, that allow students to recieve extra help. As a student who attends a public school, I know that I can't just pull up a video for help without getting into trouble. It's easy to take notes too because a student can type on a document and not lose their notes. This allows a student to be more organized with work and notes. Also, some courses are only available online and not at school, so online classes allow students to reach out to more education further than public school courses. Even so, taking the same course, but online, can give a student a bit more education on a topic.

All and all, onlline classes do benefit students. The classes allow students to work at their own pace, it allows disabled students to work, and it easier to access online materials. Without online classes, many families would be affected. Throughout the course of history, technology allowed us to be more advanced and effiecient with our work and lives. Because of technolgy, online classes has allowed tons of students to become smarter and gain access to education without the stress of cramming public classes into a schedule. Online classes, without a doubt, are better in every way.