The future is comeing and it is coming iin the shape of cars. Driverles cars hve been a dream form long ago and it might just now be coming true.

Although smoe popele think that this is is not avery good idea there many advantages to driverless cars. These cars are safe, well tested, and very helpfull.

Some peole will argue that the cars might malfunction and crash or not know if there is a work zone and i needs to go slower. Driverless cars are not fully driverless. Although these cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves there is still a driver. As it said in the artical, " all are desinged to noify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills." This would be like if there was a work zone at this point the car would alert the driver and he/she would have to take over. in the artical it states that the comepanis that arer making these cars have added a way of notifing the driver. Some of the formes of alerting the pasenger is by, vibrating seets, announcing that he or she should be prepered, and flash lights on the window shield. They have even thought of using cameras to make sure the driver is paying attention.

Also these cars have not just reacently came out of the factory and put on the streets. Google has been working on its driverles cars since 2009. Acording to the artical, "their cars have driven more then half a million miles without a crash. Yet, thier car is not compleatly driverless, there is still a human that takes over pulling in and oout of driveways or in complicated traffic issues. The thought of driverless cars has been here since the 1950s in the artical it states that, 'in the late 1950s, General Motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track. The track was embedded with an electric cable that sent raidio signals to a reciver on thfront end of the car. ' So then since the 1950s scientest and engineers have been working on and improving this consept of driverless cars. That is more then sixty years of resherch and work inorder to make and sime perfect these cars.

After and when driverless cars are finaly perfected they will have many significant uses. For example, public transportation, every where you go there is public transportation and it is a big need expesualy in the big cities. in this passage it states that,

the cars would use half of the fule of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility then a bus." This would change the world, if cars are diverless it would give the human a great advantage. Also in a fun perspective when people go on long road trips they can normaly just drive for about eight houres before they need to rest. With driverless cars the car would do all the work aposed to the driver.

In conclusion driverless cars are coming and are a great thing. They will be safe for all users, provide great benifits, and have been well reasherched and worked on. They are a thing of the future and we are finaly there. Driverless cars are a thing everyone should look forward fore.                                 