In the world today you will see cars just about everywhere, whether it be a toyota pirus, or an 1999 honda civic. Car no doubtly have been one of the largets, if not, the greatest invetnions this world has ever seen. Although nowadays when we start to talk negativially about the car, people seem to turn their heads away to aviod the question. Reducing the use of cars in the world would be massivally benefitial to the enviroment, and not only that, everyday life. Limiting car usage will help reduce pollution into the attmosphere through reducing carbon emmsions, it will help save money and also it will help reduce stress and tense mindsets.

One of the largest benefits of reducing car usage in the world is the reduction of greenhouse gases being relased in to the atmosphere coming out the exhaust pipes of cars. According to

In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars up to 50 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States come from cars in car congested areas. In the passage the text explains how a social expierment turned into a growing trend in Europe today. In subburban town of Vauban, many people have utitmatly given up their cars. How this was done you may ask? In the town driveways are forbidion aswell as home garages. Car Ownership isnt forbidden though,but to own a car is quite difficult and costly. With only two places to park in the whole town, it makes ownership very difficult. The lifestyle of people here without cars ultimatly reduced stress and increased health, and much happier and healthier lifestyles were made. Another example will be in Paris, France. After the city recieved near record-breaking pollution in the air, Paris officals took action. They banned driving for two days to attempt to reduce carbon emissions. The way they enforced this rule was by fines throughout the city for no cooperation. On that monday on the first day of the ban, only 4000 fines were given. Many people were complained of inconvience and companies complained of lost revenue, Although the incovencies, the ban for just one day reduced the smog almost completely and allowed for Pairs to lift the scheduled ban on that tuesday. So even though in some places the reduction of car usage may cause incovience, the reduction carbon emuissions cant go unnoticed, and it is huge advantage.

Reduction of the usage of cars will not only reduce Greenhouse gases but it will also help people conserve and save money and stay stress free. Limiting car usage will save you money a couple ways, one of which is not having to fuel up your car to save money. Fuel prices are always moving up and down, but more recently they have been very high. For many people they are spending over 50 dollars at the pump just to dirve 50 or so miles. With reduction of car usage people wont have to spend as much money at the pump. Reduction of car usage will also help reduce spending money because it wont allow to buy things at certain stores that you have to drive too, and things like that. Another advantage of the reduction of the usage of the car is the reduce in stress for a person. In town of Vauban, Heidrun Waltert said, "When I had a car, i was always tense. Im much happier this way." This way he mean the way without a car.                                                                            