Students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity so they can make friends and do what the like without being forced. It also can help students get out of there shy zone and do something they like or enjoy, and just be themselves. I agree that all students should have to participate in at least one activity like the yearbook, helping teachers, and sports.

One activity they could do is help teachers with students. When a teacher is teaching and some students are having a hard time understanding the lesson they can help there class mates, since it's only one teacher and about twenty students. The teacher can't help everybody at one time so one student can be their little helper. So if one student understand the lesson then they can help the teacher with the other students. Also they can help grade papers with the teacher. So the students can get there paper back faster and see if they were successful or if they need more practice and studying time. So like if they got a 60% on there test then they know they can stay after school and get extra help so they can pass next time. One more thing is students are scared to ask questions because they think people will mess with them for getting help, so they just stay quiet and not get the help they need.

Another activity they could participate in is the yearbook club. The yearbook is like an important thing in school because it holds all the amazing memories that happen throughout the school year. What makes it fun is the students can go all around the school and take pictures. Also they can decorate the book and make is enjoyable for others. When students are participating in the yearbook it means they can make new friends and be be more active. If the students get caught in school taking pictures all the time, then ask them if they want to be apart of the yearbook club and they can take pictures all they want and not get in trouble. The yearbook club should be a place the students can be free, have fun, and not have to have a teacher yelling at them all the time for something small.

One final thing student's can participate in is sports. Some students love sports but scared to try out because they think their not good enough for the team, so they just sit back and stay quiet or d nothing. If sports is something students' like to do then they should do it if it's basketball. football, soccer, or anything else then do it. Students have the right to do what they want without having to be asked or blackmailed. Like if a student is in GYM class and not doing anything then out of nowhere the coach says "if you don't participate in the game then i'm calling your parents". So let the students choose when they are going to join in a game. If some students want to play soccer but the others want to play basketball, then have one side of the court basketball and the other soccer. So they all can do what they like and have fun.

I agree that student's should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity such as the yearbook club, helping the teacher, and sports. So the students can feel free at those times and have fun doing what makes them happy.        