Both policy's of whether cell phones should be aloud in school were brought up by the principal. In my opinion, i think that having cell phones switched off during school would be a great idea. It would create less of a distraction during learning time, which would help them do better in their classes. If the students feel they need to contact someone immediately, the school office or each classroom is most likely to contain a telephone, or even a mobile phone. Having a cell phone at school can also create problems of cheating and sharing answers on tests or homework.

In our world with so many new apps, games, and picture messaging, students are more likely to be getting interested in their phone than their school work. During free periods learning should still be happening. Instead of checking their myspace, facebook, etc., they could be trying to improve their grades and doing homework.

Kids may feel sick or need help from parents time to time. The school has phones in which they can contact the people they need. Having their phone with them is not going to better their chances of getting a hold of someone. It may decrease time till their help has arrived but it wont better their chances by getting a hold of someone any more then just a regular school phone.

As a kid, i have experience difficulty on tests several times. Has it been easy to just glance over and see the answer on somebody else's paper, yes it has. Does it make it right? No. Some student may choose to keep their phone on silent on past lunch or free periods and could possible ask a friend in that class for an answer they are struggling on. I have seen student do it, and although it may be wrong, having cell phones on you can make students tempted to do this.

Having cell phones in school is opening a whole new set of problems for teachers and student and should just be kept off during the day and used at home or while that student is out doing what his or her does. School is for learning, not for checking your e-mail or notifications on a social networking site.