Will Earth always be our home? As time goes on and we start noticing the effects human life has had on earth, we may start to consider other planets as a new home. As poeple start to brainstorm about the planets in our solar system, we have noticed Venus, our sometimes closest planet. The passage mentions many ideas on starting life there and what it would take. The author explains, in a nonbias way, why studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite dangers because he lists the dangers and risks as well as the reason why we should look into emploring the planet.

He mentions the early life of Venus and how it was similar to Earth in many ways. The author says "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth."( TCOEV, 4) The author mentions the landscape structure of both planets today, metioning the similarty in rocky sediment, valleys, mountains, and craters. The author mentions the similaries with a sense of hope for humans to start looking into moving to Venus for a new home. The passage also mentions the disctance factor considering travel time, given the fact that it is near us.

Risks and challenges for this idea are also metioned by the author. The author mentions the clouds and the 97 percent carbon dioxide that blankets Venus. The surface of the planet, as mentioned in the passage, has an atmospheric pressure that is 90 times greater than what we have here on earth. The surface of venus has the hotest temperature compared to any other planets. These and many other conditions aren't conditions that human life can withstand.

The pros of emploring the planet are also portryed. The reader is given hope by mentioning NASA's approaching to the planet. NASA would like to allow their scientists to "float above the fray" thirty miles above the planets surface. It is mentioned that the conditions humans would have to go thorugh may be rough, but survivable. Though providing insight of this planet would take challenges scientists are willing to take the risk.

The author mentions the pros and cons of the reasons why studying Venus is a worthy pursuit even after the many dangers metioned in a non-bias way. The author provides the reader with their own option to generate their own opinion given the facts on the dangers and the postive view on going to the planet Venus. Although moving to another planet may seen crazy to some, others think that it is something we should start to consider. Exploring unknown territory may be scary, but what do we have to gain if we do not choose to look into the many ideas of going to Venus.          