How is seeking different opinions from multiple people help you make the better choice? First, asking more than one person for advice can help you choose the more benefical outcome for your future, weither it's that important or not. Second, asking your friends and family for advice could help you choose something they know you would be interested in, or like. Next, if you aren't good at choosing between multiple choices, you can ask some one after they gave you there opinion, "why" or "how", they came up with that idea. All together, these could be some of the few benefical ways to making your choice,

First off, asking more than one different person, could maybe help you decide whatever you are asking there opinion for. By stating that, everyone has different opinions, so when you're asking more than one person for help, you aren't just getting the same opinions over and over again, you are getting a variety of choices to choose from. But, while making your decisions, you can see which choices you gave everyone were choosen the most, and decide weither you want to pick that decision or not. All in all, asking others for there personal advice, can help you decide weither you like the idea of that being what you pick or not.

Nextly, another good way to determine what you want to choose is to ask your friends, and family. Personally, when I need good advice I go to my friends, and family for help. That's because, they know me the best, and they only want what's best for me. This also helps because, it's easy to talk to some one you know and trust, rather than asking some one you barley know for advice. To conclude this paragraph, one of the best ways to ask for advice is through friends, and family. You can always count on them to be there, they know you the best, and they only want what's best for you. So, when talking to some one you trust, can also help you trust there opinion.

The next thing that you can do and will help you, is ask them "why" they chose that answer or, "how" they did. This helps so that you can better understand, and get a little back ground information on why they made that decision. It makes it so that you aren't questioning why did they choose that anwser, how did they come down to that becoming something they would choose for themselves or you, and so you're not questioning if you should've picked that answer or not. All in all, since you're asking some one why they choose that, you can better understand how, or understand how they think and process answers for there outcome, so that in the future you can understand more about making decisions on your own instead of asking others.

In conclusion, from asking others such as family memebers to friends, how they have decided on that answer. Can help you make a more benefical outcome for your future. By knowing, that they only want what's best for you, that can help make you more confidence in what they chose, so that you can understand how they might process and why that's the best choice for you. All together, all this information will help you better understand how to choose what's best for you, so that in the future when you have to make harder chooses on your own you know how to do so.     