Many students engage in school activities. The athletes play sports after school, the drama kids join plays, and book clubs meet up after school to discuss their book. I think that students should participate in an extracurricular activity. Students participating in an extracurricular activity is a phenomenal idea because it is a good way for the student to take a break from school work, the student is doing something they enjoy, and their activity could help the student later on in life.

Firstly, an extracurricular activity is a good way for the student to take a break from school work. School work can be very stressful and time consuming to a student. The student is receiving school work every day throughout the year, and most of the time their teacher gives them homework right after they are done with their school work. The student could use their extracurricular activity as a way to take a break from their school work. I, being a student myself, do not enjoy school work, so I joined a book club and go to meetings every Saturday.

Secondly, the student can do something that they enjoy for an extracurricular activity. A lot of students in this generation get very bored easily, especially if what they are doing is something that they do not enjoy. Many students that I know think that school work is very boring and they hate doing their homework. If the student joins or engages in an extracurricular activity at school, they can do something that they enjoy doing. While they are doing the activity, they can meet other people that enjoys it too. For example, I enjoy singing and acting and I have been doing those things since I was four years old. Now that I am older and I enjoy it even more, I joined an advanced singing group, I take a drama class, and I got into the school play.

Lastly, the students extracurricular activity could help them with many things later on in their life. Many athletes play sports because they like sports, but some sports can get the athlete a scholarship to college, if the student wants to attend college, and can probably give them many opportunities while they are in college. Their activity can be on their record and look very good to colleges and the student would have a better chance of getting into the college that they want to go to.

The students activity could also help with certain skills that they would need for the students occupation. For example, when I grow up I want to be a singer. Being in an advanced singing group helps me learn how to do certain techniques that a singer would have to know.

In conclusion, taking a break from school, the student doing something they enjoy, and a good help for the students future are reasons why I think students should participate in extracurricular activities. Extracurricular activities are phenomenal for students and very helpful for students as well. 