How do you make friends along your life?

well, some friendships are made by internet, outside activities, and others by being neighbors for a long time, however,

the most lasting and common friendships are the ones you made at school. Therefore, you spend hours, days, months, and years being socially with the people around you, but what if you don't want to attend to school, and decide to take classes from home?

At school, you don't only made friends and memories , you also earn and learn good advices, and you see different perspectives.

People who are not socialist tend to be ones who graduated by taking online classes; they don't know how to interact with people, because they had spent most of their life talking and interacting with their computers. Sometimes we are the cause why people rather to take online classes, we separate them by diseases, illness and mental problems, not a lot of students at school have the chance to receive help or talk with their counselor ;

this is one of the reasons why people doesn't want to attend to school, and choose online classes.

A lot of cases now days about why people decide to course home school are:

Pregnancy at early age: The girls who get pregnant while they are in High School either take home school or don't go study anymore, when their belly starts growing they feel ashamed, and they tend to quit school.

The Life of Generic_Name, a 17 years old High School student , who migrate 2 years ago from Guatemala. Generic_Name's teacher was talking about the online courses, home school and other online options,

in order that Generic_Name can graduate on time,

she was so excited about her graduation date. She had a problem if for some reasons she decided to take the online course to finish High School on time; she couldn't speak English. So, how could Generic_Name learn to speak English, sitting all day long in front of her computer?

This is an example of a problem that many students had to face, when they are forced to do home school.

In conclusion, students won't benefit by attending classes from home, here is one the reasons why ; I am a student and sometimes I don't do the work that my teachers assign me, knowing so well, my teacher can walk where I am sitting and ask me for the assign work. So, can you imagine the online courses, students can search their answers, be on their phones, or taking care of someone while they are taking the online class, so much distraction. 