Imagine if online schooling was offered at every school. Schools are offering online classes for students to attend class. Also schools offer video conferencing online to help benefit at home. This is important because some students are not responsible to get to school on time. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because health issues play a major role through out the school year, students can become smarter by taking time to learn the content, students would not have to stress over transportation.

Certainly some might think staying in the house all day causes bordom to do school work. Others believe students tend to need help from an adult to understand that content. Still others argue by feeling alone will not motivate them to be productive.

To begin with, health issues play a major role through out the school year on students. Students always tend to come to school while they are sick. So that spead germs through out the school and causes major illness. Spreading germs can have someone hospitalized and in bad condition. Which can make students have bad attendince. Also parents would loose jobs to attend to their sick child. However staying home and still be able to do your school work causes less stress. Because it gives student more time to be able to complete there assignments. Another reason way online classes will help out students that are in wheel chairs, crutches, and broken legs. Is they dont have to be rushed, pushed, in the crowded halls. Therefore they feel more safe and have enough space at home. Parents will be able to supervise their child more. An not be worried that something else might happen. Health issues should be a cause of not being able to not attend school if you are able to do it from home.

Secondly students become smarter doing the research on their own to retain the information. Every student have a diffent way to learn. Some students need day's to understand the content. An some can understand the content off the first try. Also some student need to see it hands on then be supervised as they complete the task. Witch is also not a bad way to retain information. If help is needed the video conferencing will help out in the long run. Being able to home relax and still manage to completed your school work motivates the student to remain on task. Another reason why is grades will have a major increase and students would maintain a higher grade point average. The best part of the video conferencing is the student will be able to replay it if needed. Instead of hearig it once in class from a teacher then forgetting the information the next time you have that subject. Apart of life that is important to have is knowledge, so being able to teach and perfect your weakness are important.

Lastly transportation is a mojor problem for students. Some students have to walk, get droped off, or take the bus to get to school on time. Most students are not responsible to wake up on time to catch the bus. The students that walk are stessed, because they have to walk while its raining, hot, ride their bike, cold, and dark. In conditions like that are not safe for students to go through is something happend to them. Most of the time parents have to work and be worried that their child get to school safe. Having the privaledge to be home and do work will prevent fights, childish students, and angery teachers. So everyone would have peace and respect for one another and learn more. There will be no disagreement and aultications with students and teachers. After school students will not have to rely on transperations, because they are already home. Less stress can be taken off of adukts that are nor responsible for you. Having to find transpertation to your destination is worth money and not everyone is forchen to loan out money all the time.

Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because health issues play a major role through out the school year, students can become smarter by taking time to learn the content, and students would not have to stress over transportation. If students was able to stay home and do school work the it would be less confusion in school. Keep calm and remain focus even if times get hard on your shoulders.        