"Oh my god!" yelled Generic_Name in frustration. "What Generic_Name?" questioned her mother in confusion."I have no clue what college to go to, this is a big decision and i don't want to mess it up." Generic_Name responded stressed. "Go to the college i went to, George Mason. It is totally great, it has 24 hour food places on campus, nice people, and plenty of stores near it. You would love it there." Replied her mom."Ugh mom! That wasn't helpful because I have no clue where to go, and those where all bias, and now I don't know what to believe. I need more opinions." Asking more than one person is a very helpful, and good idea because it will help you receive valid advice, advice that isn't bias, and advice from people who truly want the best and wont sabotage you.

If you ask many people for advice, you will get many different answers. First off, some of the advice a person may receive can be based upon true facts, that the person giving advice has discovered. While on the other hand, others will give you opinionated advice, based upon what they believe, and with no prior knowledge. This can result in you thinking something is true and very good your whole life, just to come to find out it is not. For example, my sister,Generic_Name, is an all-star cheerleader who is very skilled and has tons of knowledge when it comes to cheer leading, but this wasn't the case when she started out. She had no clue what cheer shoes to get, and what the difference from a cheer shoe, and a regular shoe was. She asked our mom, who said just get any shoe, it won't really matter, but Generic_Name waited to find out more information. She went to her first day of practice and asked around, her teammates and coaches knew she was flexible and tiny, so they knew she would be a flyer. Some people recommended shoes meant for tumbling, because they knew it would make it harder for her to fly and that they could replace her, which was totally rude and invalid advice, but most people recommended a shoe from a brand named Infinity. The shoes name was Flyte, a cheer shoe meant for flyers, She got the shoe, and it helped her immensely. This is one example as to why asking many people will help you receive better information. Another time, Generic_Name, my moms friend, was trying to go to a beach for vacation. My mom told her to go to the outer banks, because thats what she would choose. Generic_Name asked around throughout the neighbor hood, and found out that most people like Sandbridge, so thats where she booked her vacation. When she got there it was packed to the brim with people and umbrellas, smelled like smoke, and the sand was contaminated with burnt, gross cigarette buds, and litter. She realized that everyone she asked had not really been to the beach much, and actually went other places. This is another example as to why people should make sure to ask people who you trust, but ask more than one.

Secondly, advice given can be totally untrue, and bias. For example, when Generic_Name, my oldest sister, was trying to find a hotel she asked her one friend, who had visited the area before. Her friend told her you got to an Inn Called Holiday Inn. Generic_Name trusted her friends advice and went to the Holiday Inn. It ended up being terrible. It smelled bad, was moldy, and had no wifi. When Generic_Name got back she asked her friend why she would do that. Her friend said that her dad was the owner of the hotel and that she just wanted her dad to have an extra customer, which was completely bis. Generic_Name never trusted her advice again. This is another reason why you can't always trust everyone.

Sometimes their advice is completely bias. Another time this happened was when Generic_Name, Generic_Names twin, was applying for college. He asked his guidance counselor what college she recommended, she said James Madison. He had no clue where to go and hadn't looked for places with his intended major. He went to

James Madison, and tried to major in IT, ad they didn't have an IT program. He had to switch his major to psychology, and went back to ask why she recommended that school, knowing he was majoring in IT. She said she had no clue if it had IT or not but that she went there. He was really mad at his counselor, and never asked just one person again, knowing it could be a completely bias opinion.

Lastly, asking advice from people who arent trying to beat you in something, or who truly want the best for you is a vary good thing. Generic_Name, my friend, is a dancer, and in dance if you are competing, and a piece of clothing such as a hat, or a big piece of decoration on the out fit falls off, you will lose a lot of points and most likely lose the competition. When she was making her out fit for her Ariel themed dance, she asked her friend, also her top competitor, what to get to make bubble, and what fabric to use. Hey friend recommended a fabric that ripped easily, and a plastic to use for bubbles, which was really heavy, and would shatter it dropped. In Generic_Names dance, her shirt ripped on the shoulder, where the bubble where, in the middle of a twisty jump. The bubbles came crashing down, splattering all over that place after breaking into a bunch of fragments. She was disqualified, and her friend won the competition. Another time, my mom asked her friend how to make brownies, for the baking competition. Our neighbor really wanted to win and gave her a recipe that had lemon extract and baking soda, rather than vanilla extract, and baking powder. My mom ended up coming in last place. This is why it is a good idea to make sure your not asking advice from competitors.

In conclusion it is very important to ask many people, In doing so, you will receive advice from many people, and and there is a better chance of there being someone more educated on the advice sought, non-bias information, and someone with non-sabotaged information. Therefor, the information you receive isn't from just one person, who may not be well educated, who may be bias, and who may not truly want the best in you.