Students work hard all day everyday at school why should they be forced to do another school activity? During school students work hard to get all of their work done and do a good job on it. They cram so many little scattered details into their brain and on top of that they would be forced to do an extracurricular activity, that doesn't seem right. I believe students shouldn't have to participate in extracurricular activities because students might have other activities outside of school, they might have to take care of younger siblings when they get home from school,and the need time to get other things done like their homework.

Imagine being invited to your friends Birthday Party after school, but then having to say you can't go because you have a school activity that you really dont want to go to. You would miss out in all the fun and see pictures of them having fun all over Instagram while you will be having your yearbook meeting. Things like that is what I am talking about this missing better activities seeing your friends have fun while you are stuck having a boring year book meeting. Thats why I think students should not have to do theses extra activities.

I know me personally take care of my little sister all the time after school till my mom gets home. Others kids might have to do that too. if they have to do another school activity then the wouldn't be able to take care of their siblings then their parents would have to figure out what to do with them because they can't stay home alone. The parents would have to put them in after school care and that can be expensive especially if the family is all ready having some income issues. That could be a big game changer for the family and their lives.

If your like me you will have tons of homework,studying,and projects when you get home. If you have other school activities then you wouldn't get home till late that mean you will have to stay up late to get all your homework done. If you stay up all night trying to get all your homework done then you will be really tired the next day and won't put in the effort you need to get all your school work done. You also might have other things like if you play a sport outside of school then you would have to fit in your practices and games and thats a lot.

Forcing students to do extracurricular activities is not the right chose students work hard at school why should they have to do more it is to much. They might have to take care of younger siblings,they need time to do stuff like homework,and they they might have other after school activities. Putting an extracurricular activity on a students is a lot esepially if theu have lots of homework. Just let students focuss om their main school work.         