Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Bob Dole are some of Americas most beloved politicians, and all of three of them have agreed on the abolishing of the electoral college. This system needs to go. It does not represent this country's ground rules because its non-democratic and does not give enough recognition to some states across the country.

For starters, the electoral college is non-democratic. How can a nation that prides itself on being a democracy not have a democratic way of electing its president? With this electoral college system voters do not vote for the president instead they vote for their states electors which presents a problem in my opinion. As stated in "Source 3" "each party selects a state of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is RARELY broken)." While some may feel that a system that is rarely broken is acceptable i do not because this is such a big event in our country and we can not afford to have a flawed system. The trust of an entire states vote can not be put in the hands of one elector. America does not get what its people want through this system as you can tell when "Source 2" states "Al Gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college -won the popular vote but lost the presidency." This is not a Democratic way of doing things as the people should be able to elect there president and not have a state of electors do so for them.

Now that the issue of Democracy has been taken care of i want to talk about how some of the states in this country do not get the recognition they diserve. Everyone agrees that all states should have a say in the election of the president and all should feel that there votes matter but this is not the case with the electoral college. As "Source 2" states that during the 2000 campaign "seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina." This is not acceptable because all voters no matter where they live should feel that there vote is wanted and matters. This could be part of the reason that about only half of the countrys eligable voters voted in the 2012 election as stated in "Source 3". While some may say that the electoral college is a great system because it prevents ties i disagee because the likely hood of a tie in the first place when doing popular vote is extremely low and it does not out weight the fact that the people should elect there president.

In the end it is obvious that the elctoral college has to go. There is many reasons why but the two main reasons are that its non-democratic and it does not give recogniton to all the states in this wonderful country.            