My name is Luke Bomberger and I am in the UNRRA (the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration). In the UNRRA you get to go to different place and help families gets back on there feet form World War 2. You get to bring them food, animals, and more, 44 nation joined together to form the UNRRA. If you are a hardworking person then come join the UNRRA.

'' The cattle-boat trips are unbelievable opertunity for a small-town boy!'' Luke says. I have toured Venice,Italy, a castle in Crete, and marveled at the Panama Canal on my way to China. ''You get to take great trips in the UNRRA.'' I said.

Also working with the animals is a great way to pat the time by working with them. Working with animals is so much fun. You can tell them you secrets , you can play with them, you can just fell in love with an mailman that you can't share everything with them.

Then seeing the smiling faces on the people's faces when you give the food and water it just amazing. It make you feel good inside like a warm good tinglying feel that you can't get from anything else. You just feel like you made a huge difference. It a happiness that you can't buy with money I would not trade it for anything in the world. It gives you a reason to get up in the morning. Working in the UNRRA was a great disison that I have made defintitley not one of my mistakes.

Also when you unload the animals and go and great more it is a lot of fun on deck. You get to play with your other ship mates and play baseball, volleyball, whittling, boxing, read and more it's a great way to pass the time. A great way to bond with everyone on deck.

If you a hard working then you will enjoy this job. You have to work hard to succeed in this job. You will definitely need to be a hard working to like this job.

If you are a hardworking, animal loving, adventure seeker, love to help others,

love to be on boats, then this is the job we for you. So come join the seagoing Cowboys program and be apart of the UNRRA. Come help families in need.           