School classes, friends, colleges. What do all these things have in common? They all will need to be chosen by you and all of them will change you and your life. When most people are faced with a tough decision they might ask one trusted adult or friend for advice but I think that for better advice on tough decisions you should ask much more than just on person for advice.

One key reason for why it is good to seek out more than one persons advice is because you can get opinions and ideas from both sides of the argument. One of my best friends brother needed advice from all the people he could get on whether he should go to Penn State or Virginia Tech for college, and after asking all the adults and friends in our neighborhood about their opinion he decided to go to Virginia Tech. After making the decision he told us that "I was originally going to choose Penn State but after hearing opinions on why I should go to Virginia Tech I instantly changed my mind". This shows that when making big life changing decisions it is good to seek help from a lot of people that way you can get opinions about the other side that can change your mind into making the right choice.

On the same coin for why it is better to ask more people for there advice than just one person is because they might give you new reasons and ideas you may not have thought of or considered. In a survey recorded by the Generic_Name organization of counseling taken by college graduates it proved that 96% asked for advice from more than one trusted adult and of that group 79% said that more than half the people they asked gave them new Ideas or opinions that they had not thought of and played an influence on their overall decision. Even the people say that getting advice from more than one person is better and they also very clearly say that it can help by giving you new Ideas, motives, and even rewards.

Likewise for why you should get advice from as many people as you can is because you could get advice and help from people who have went through what your going through. Former MLB all star shortstop Raquan Oswald states "I dont think I would be where I am today if it wasnt for my dad who knew exactly what I was going through and helped me get through it better than he did". Everybody has been and will be faced with tough decisions and a lot of advice helps but nothing is better than somebody who know what your going through and is there to help.

All in all getting one persons advice is not nearly as useful as getting a lot of peoples advice. This is clearly visible by how you can get opinions from both sides, new diverse ideas, and more people who can relate. If you are ever going through a tough decision all you have to do is ask as many people as you can that are trustworthy, will give you good advice that is doable, and make sure that they want to help you and that it is not for their own selfish reasons.