I believe that we should not include the

Electoral College in our decision in who should  be our next president. Putting the responsibility of the

Electoral College means that voters are putting lots of trust into electors in making the right decision and that always doesnt turn out the way people want them nto turn out. Lets go in details in why I'm not in favor of keeping the Electoral College in this position.

The

Electoral College consits of electors who's role is to vote for the president in favor of there representative. To me that's not fair for two main reasons. One being that people of America should all be able to vote under their own opinion according to freedom of speech which was explain in one of the Amendments. We dont need a group of "special" people to vote for us. We're an independent nation which also means that we are independent ourselves. The second one being that we cant control who the voters are which means that we cannot trust that the voters are making the right decision. We pick our president because we trust in the president's decisions and actions. Like it says in Bradford Plumer's article in

The indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong

, "Who are the electors? They can be anyone not holding public office. Who picks the elctors in the first place? It depends on the state." Electoral College depends on systems and not the nation's people which is not fair in voting for our President of the United States.

People may say that there are though benefits in having an

Electoral College by stating that the representatives who are runnning for president are choosing trusted people who knows that they will make the right decision and also that if there was to ever be a dispute over the

Electoral College

, it wouldn't be a big major one but on the other hand if it was to hand it off to the regular citizens, then it would be a major problem bigger than the dispute of the

Electoral College

. In Richard A. Posner's articlecalled

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method in choosing the President

, it says "The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a mojority of the votes cast." I believe this is a fair statement because people would think that the majority of the vote will automatically be given to that representative to be President of the united States  but thats not tru according to the

Electoral College

. The have electors and there Electors can just flip that decision upside down and it would be the opposite representative who would get the vote, but then again the eletors of the

Electoral College can be the opposite of your favor. So at the end of the day it comes down to what you believe is the right decision and the right decision for me is to remove the

Electoral College even if it has to mean war for the sake of our country.

In Conclusion, I'm not in favor of keeping the

Electoral College senator for all these debates againts the

Electoral College

I believe is stronglt true. What do you think Senator? The decision rest in your hands.    