why you should limit car usage? limiting car usage is a great way of helping the air from pollution, less accidents, and less money throwing  out the window. you could just walk, run ride a bike or anything that doesn't require you to use money with. Doing those things could even keep you healthy. pollution is getting  out control these days to much greenhouse gases in the air. its bad we needa do something before it can kill us. like in all of the passages it tells why not using cars is a great way a better way to not us cars.

in the first passage "in german suburb, life goeson withoutcars" people from vauban, germany are giving up their cars. they are now riding bikes or walking. 70 percent of people from there dont use cars. people are happy there. people are selling their cars to live there. yes you could drive a car but there is only like 2 parking spaces. you could buy a space for 40,000$ along with a home. they are just trying to help out to keep the air clean.

in the second source "paris bans driving due to smog" the city was almost about to reach their record pollution but they enforced a couple days banning to clear air. people would be fine 31$. but 4,000 people didn't listen. but people had their cars impounded for their reaction. diesel full was to blame since france tax policy favors diesel over gasoline. paris is the most pulluted city in europe. but good thing happened the smog cleared up.

in the source 3 "car-free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota" millions of colombians were biking, hiking, skated, or took buses. people would be fine 25$ if not following the law. it will help reuce the smog, the pollution. two other cities cali and valledupar have joined the event. people from other countries have came to colombia to watch this event. it is the straight year for this event. now since the event is going well more sidewalks have been made.

in the last source "the end of the car culture" says that america is now using lesser cars buying fewer cars and getting fewer licenses. sociologists says it will be good for the enviroment and for beneficial implications for carbon emissions. but will be bad for car industrys.

using less cars is good thing because more socializing less accidents less pollution less greenouse gases. this would help you save money give you exercise. it could help the enviroment people would get better at being active. maybe the world should have a week once a year that  we don't use cars to lower pollution. escpecially bejing since it is the most polluted city in the world.                            