Driverless cars are an advance in technology, even though they are not fully self automatic yet .Driverless cars may not be fully driverless yet but in the future it is possible. Even if people dont like the idea of it its still going to happen. Driverless cars are not going to be any good for our generation.

Driving is something that you will need your full attention for even if the car is self driven it can still screw up. I don't personally see the point of somthing that is not going to help anyone. Chances are that there will be more accidents and more people will be injured or even die because all technology malfunctions at one point or another and there is no stopping that. Technology is a good thing when it is helping people. Times are changing and no one can stop it. In paragraph 9 it says who will be responsible if the car happens to mess up the manufacturer or the driver.

Think to yourself who would you hold responsible. Knowing that all technology malfunctions,not to mention the car would be overly priced just for it to be able to drive without a driver and sense things. Most people like being aware if their surroungings. What if the car stoped and the driverless addition stoped working .You would already be used to not driving and over all forget how to do it. You wouldn't be aware of where you are because you were to busy doing other things then to know your surroundings.

Knowing how to drive makes things easier on you. Technology is not always a good thing. Technology doesn't always work out the way you want it too its easy to look something up and the internet not give you what you want or what's true would you trust your care taking you to where ever? It's easy saying something is better because it has technology incorperated but is that really true.

Some things are better left with out all the added gadgets and I belive a car is one of those things. A car is more reliable when you personaly are controling it. You know where you are going and I think if they want to make additions to are car make tires that don't go flat or make the car fix its self. Knowing how to get places yourself will make things so much easier on you. If your tire goes flat your car can not take you to the nearest area to call someone or get help.

My opinon over all driverless cars help no one. They make nothing easier and will not be affordale for the average person. They will malfunction more then a regular car and make accidents more common.