Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice for many reasons. People might have been in you shoes in the past, it will give you pros and cons, and it'll avoid bias.

At some point in your life you have probably applied for a job. Whether it's something small, like your pools' snack bar, or something big, like a job on Wallstreet. More than likely, you will ask someone who has been in your shoes in the past for advice, but why limit yourself to one person? If you glue yourself to one person you are gluing yourself to their path and what they did, you are not an exact copy of them. Sure, it's nice to hear from someone who has accomplished what you want to, but if you expand your options and ask lots of people who have been in your shoes, you are allowing your brain to hear multiple ways of achieving the same task so that you can find the best possible outcome for you, not them.

Whenever I make an important decision about a task or something I want to accomplish, I normally will make a pros and cons chart. With denying yourself the opritunity to hear advice from multiple people you are denying yourself to hear multiple pros and multiple cons. For example, let's say person 'A' gives me all cons about a summer job, if I only listen to person 'A' I will most likely not get a summer job. While if I choose to hear multiple options, I will listen to the advice from person 'B' who gives me all pros. Now I have options of both pros and cons to make the right decision for me.

Finally, lots of time people will have there own interest in mind. For example, lets say that you are choosing a college to attend and you happen to limit yourself to the advice of your friend who attends college 'A', they will most likely tell you to go to college 'A'. While if you ask a verity of people they will explain why college 'B' has more of what you want to accomplish in life. At some point in your life, whether you realized it or not, you were probably biased too. It's human nature! I am positive that I have been as biased in the past as you, but we shouldn't just assume that the one person we ask for advice isn't.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice for many reasons. People might have been in you shoes in the past, it will give you all you options, and it'll avoid bias. So next time when you are about to make a life changing for many reasons. People might have been in you shoes in the past, it will give you all you options, and it'll avoid bias. or even what job to take over the summer, please take my advice and get a variety of people to give you options. 