I think many students can benefit from online schooling. Online options at schools can assure every student gets an equal education no matter the circumstances. Students who are too sick or have important responsibilities at home would greatly benefit from the program. As well as students who want to attend a certain school or college but cant because of the distance in between the school and them. A great abundance or students would benefit from online schooling by being able to get an education even if health, responsibilities, or distance is an issue.

Having the option of online schooling would really make a difference in many students education. Whether it be the student is too sick to attend class or even if the student wants to remain home to prevent getting sick. I can directly relate this to the coronavirus epidemic thats unfolding across the US as well as across the globe. Many students have not been able to or are too afraid to attend school on behalf on contracting the virus. Online schooling would allow those students to continue their education from the safety of their own home.

Another reason online schooling would be greatly beneficial is it would give people who cant be out as much the opportunity to learn. Everyone has busy lives, some busier than others, so busy they dont have time to do many things like attend school and get an education. But online schooling programs would change that. For example my Grandma had a very tough childhood. She did not have the luxury of attending school, instead she had to work every weekday to help her parents and little brother financially. She never had the option to attend school, but with the new online schooling programs she would have been able to work as well as get an education from her own home.

Lastly online schooling could drastically help break down the distance border when attending school. Distance has always been an issue in education for not only my family but many others as well. students want to be able to attend certain schools and universities but are either to shy and scared to leave the life theyve created behind or simply cannot afford the travel expenses back and forth from school/ universities to their home town. In my life for example, moving around and being thrown into a new scene causes a lot of stress and anxiety but with the online schooling option, i, as well as many other students, would have the choice to attend our dream schools, with out bringing along unneeded stress and anxiety.

In conclusion, i think online schooling programs would be greatly beneficial for students and teachers. It helps ensure that sick students, students with at-home responsibilities, and students who cant go the distance get an education. To hep get more schools to take on this program, as your principle if your school has on like it, and if not get involved and make one!