Summer can be a time for students to have fun and enjoy the wonders of the world, however summer does not mean one can take a break from learning. Every summer, students are required by their schools to complete a project during their break to assure students continue to learn. Summer projects are generally teacher-designed and based off a strict outline, which can limit the students creativity. Summer projects should be student-designed because it will motivate students to expand their learning, engage their creativity, and it will create a sense of accomplishment in the alumni, which will set them up for success.

Every year more and more students fail to complete their summer projects. One might think that they are not being completed because students do not care enough to compile to what is being asked of them. In reality students do not complete their summer projects because there is a lack of interest between the student and the theme of the project. Students should be able to design their own projects as it can motivate them to expand their knowledge while on summer vacation. Typically teacher-designed projects are based off of a strict format where a student is given a topic to research and write about. Although, many may say that having projects formatted this way will set up students for the future, they fail to realize the damage that is being done to a students interest in learning. When a student is forced to research a topic that is not of interest to them they tend to only provide what is needed of them. They do not attempt to further learn about the topic more than are required to because the goal in mind is: what is the quickest way I can get this done? However, when one allows a student to decide what they would like to create a project on one can see the excitement radiate off of their face. The student becomes motivated to start designing their project because it will be based on a topic they are passionate about.

In addition to, motivating students to expand their learning horizons, allowing students to create their own projects instead of having teacher-designed projects will allow students to engage their creative side. As said before, many teacher-designed projects have a cemented format in which they prefer their student's project's to be formatted in leaving little to any space for student creativity. By giving the student an all accesses pass to creating their own student-designed project, it allows for students to think out side the box. For instance, instead of the alumni creating a PowerPoint with several slides of repeating information, the student could design their project through a form of art. Take for example, a student who is doing a project on how pollution affects the oceans;He or she could paint a picture to further depict and attract the audiences attention to the topic being discussed. The student would also benefit tremendously through the ability of using their creativity as It has been scientifically proven that people who use their creativity are most likely to excel academically. Each and every student is smart however, at times students are unable to demonstrate this as a result of teacher-designed summer projects.

Lastly, think about a time in which you have had to work extremely to accomplish a goal and you reached it. Do you remember the pure excitement you felt as you looked back at your painstakingly hard work and realized that it was all worth it? That is the exact feeling students will feel after completing their summer projects. Students should be allowed to design their own projects as it will give students a sense of accomplishment. when the student realizes what they can do if they are determined, the student will then be furthermore motivated to do well in school and in other aspects of their life. For example, in cartoons, when a character is faced with an obstacle, trains to overcome the obstacle, and overcomes it ;it plants a seed of self confidence that will only flourish as time goes by. Like that seed the student will flourish into a responsible and academically smart student.

Students have been completing teacher-designed projects for too long and it is now time for a change by allowing students to design their own summer projects to motivate them to expand their knowledge, creativity, and to set them up for success. As a result of permitting students to do this, every student will develop a love for the free education that is provided to them. Are you willing to give students this opportunity?                       