Dear state senator,

We should not decide the president by electoral college. Mainly because it's unfair to the voters who took the time out of their day to vote, but then realized they wasted their time because their vote doesn't mean anything, the electors decide who the president is not the voters. The article 'The Indefensible Electoral Collge: Why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong' states "Under the electoral college system, voters vote for not the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." What's the point of voting if our vote basically doesn't matter because we are not the one choosing who is president. The same article also states "Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always" We the voters basically don't even decide who's president, the electors do, and we don't even get to pick who the electors are, the state legislatures do. Why is the president based off of who the electors want? there's only 538 of them, it should be based off popularity, the vote of the millions of the people who have voted. Honestly i see no point in voting now since our votes don't decide who the president will be.

Electoral college is unfair to the small states. The article 'Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president' shows a map of America with the number of electoral votes given to each state. If you look at the map, you'll notice that the bigger states have more electoral votes, and the small states have very few. For example California has 55 electoral votes, Texas has 38, and Florida has 29. But states such as Alaska, Hawaii, and Maine have less than 5 electoral votes. Which basically means that their electoral votes don't count nearly as much as the big states do. If we decided the president by popularity among everyone who voted, it would actually be fair to everyone, and more people would vote.

The article 'Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president' states "Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now" I don't blame them when the artcile also states "This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose presidency." Then what's the point of voting when our vote doesn't matter.                                                                                                                    