Kids 50% of the time have lots of stress to to the point of anxiety, because they have too much things to do. Well by going through with this idea you are basically encouraging this.

I disagree with this idea because we will have way too much stress, our grades would plummet, and all this overworking could lead to depression.

Kids already have a lot on their plate. So now if there is another thing they have to do it could seriously stress them out. See we can't handle stress they are not used to it, but now that they have to take time to do an extracurricular activity it could be way too much for us. All this stress can also lead to anxiety. Anxiety is a terrible thing so thats why you cannot force us to do an extracurricular activity because it could lead to kids getting anxiety which is just terrible. So if we do have to do an extracurricular activity we would have way too much stress and eventually get anxiety.

Our grades could get seriously affected by this. We could go from A's to C's and Eventually to F's. This is because we will be busy doing our extracurricular activities instead of having time to study,or having time to finish a project/essay that is worth over half our grade. If we start getting bad grades it could turn into a habit that we keep in high school. Which if we do keep this habit it could lower our chances of getting into a good college. Which could destroy our future.

By forcing each kid to do an extracurricular activity they could feel so overwhelmed and sad they become depressed. Depression is just so sad and all of us could avoid ever feeling depressed in our lives as long as you don't make us do an extracurricular activity that will probably take up half of our day. The other half would go to trying to finish our homework/projects/essays for school. You see in that schedule there is no time that they have to spend with their loved once, or do things we love. That will really take a toll on a person. They will have no time to do anything except do their extracurricular activity,and trying to finish our schoolwork. This depression will just keep on chipping away at the person, and they will never be able to go back to feeling happiness. All because they had to do an extracurricular activity that took away all their time.

Mr. Principal there are many reasons you shouldn't make everyone do an extracurricular activity but the most prevalent to students are having a bucketload of stress, our grades would plummet, and all this overworking could lead to depression. See all these reasons will have a serious effect on kids mental state. We are only 13-14 we cannot handle this type of stress and overworking. Before you go through with this just remember all the consequences.