Phones & Driving

Texting and driving is a major issue today. Although most people own and operate cell phones daily, there is a time and a place that they should be used, and while driving or operating another vehicle isn't one of them. People should not be able to text and drive because it causes accidents, it is a distraction, and it can seriously injure or even kill you or someone else.

Texting and driving can cause accidents. Many people think they can multitask, which leads them to believe that they can text and drive. This is incredibly dangerous especially since it has been scientifically proven that it is impossible to multitask. "Trying more than one thing at a time - especially anything potentially dangerous, like texting while driving - seriously compromises our ability to complete the tasks safely and well. Equally important, repeatedly switching back and forth from project to project, like a hummingbird darting from flower to flower and then back to the original flower, can impair our ability to function at our finest." According to https://health. clevelandclinic. org/science-clear-multitasking-doesnt-work/ .

Texting while driving is also a distraction from driving. This can be very dangerous because if you are distracted while driving you are most likely not driving safely. This can not only put yourself in danger but others as well. Even simply changing the song on your phone can put you in danger. While driving you should be completely focused on the task at hand, driving.

Finally, texting and driving not only puts you and others in danger, it can seriously injure or even kill. There have been countless news stories about people who were texting and driving and they got in an accident and died. We need to prevent this especially since a lot of those people were teens. Teens are especially at risk for this because we have a hard time putting the phone down in class let alone in the car.

In conclusion, I believe we should not be able to text and drive because a lot of people can barely text and walk. Even though owning and operating phones is a daily activity, there is definitely a time and a place for them to be used.    