There are many schools that offer online classes and distance learning. Many will argue that online classes are much more beneficial than the average school setting, but how beneficial could it possibly be for students? It helps those who cannot find a way to school, but a majority of people who attend schools are within distance, so it would be pointless to force the student to take an online class they can attend on campus. People often forget that there are parents and guardians to those students, and online learning could possibly take a toll on the wallet of those caregivers. Many families already have a hard time getting by as is, and adding Wi-Fi to the bill makes it much more difficult.

Distance learning is a great idea for those who live far away from campus or have a difficult time arriving to school. Some schools already have online classes, so adding it into the regular curriculum would be easy. There are plenty of online tools that students use to learn, for instance, Quizlet, Google Classroom, Mathspace, IXL, and NoRedInk. In some classes, teachers even prepare students for a test by creating a Quizlet or Kahoot for them to play, study, and review. Many schools also give a laptop out for all students to use and keep until the end of the year, therefore, offering online classes should serve no problem.

Although online learning can be beneficial for students, it would be best to leave it as an option. School environments remove unnecessary distractions, but homes are filled with them. With little to no supervision, students are bound to lose focus, for example, if a student is exhausted and falls asleep, who would wake them up? In class, teachers can tap on the student, but how will they do that virtually? It will be hard for teachers to enforce any consequences through a screen. Also, if a student were to miss an online class, how would the student ask for more help? Furthermore, students are often told to join clubs and sports, because doing so would look good for colleges, but if all their classes are online and they live too far, how will the student account for the lackluster application?

A main part of school is it's extracurriculars; if a student needed more help, they could stay after with a teacher and

Incorporating online classes for students to attend would greatly decrease absences and improve attendance records, but that would be assuming the student has access to an internet connection. The creation of Wi-Fi has improved many lives, because of the quick and easy access, but there are still some who struggle to have the same privilege. Not every student can afford Wi-Fi. Public schools come free of charge, however, laptops, phones, and any electronic does not. It is safe to assume that many of the less fortunate students will choose the option that does not put any further strain on their parent's wallet. There are plenty of students that apply for FAFSA and free or reduced lunch, so schools should be keep in mind the cost efficiency of online learning.

All in all, distance learning is great for those who live too far and still want a chance at learning, but overall obsolete for the average student. There are many questions that need to be answered and many items that need to be reconsidered before pushing students to attend classes from home. It is widely known that students hate having extra work to do at home and one could say that adding more work/classes on top of that, would generate more students to dislike learning. A lot of students may struggle with finding a way to access online classes and some students even have to juggle a job, too. Students already have enough on their plate with keeping a job, attending classes every weekday, finishing homework every night, and having to keep a good sleep schedule, and adding online classes would ruin the bliss and peacefulness students feel when they arrive home. Home is a students safe space and schools should not interfere, it is the one place where they can stop and take a breath.