Every day, we all wake up and instantly start to calculate how the day will most likely go. Much of this calculation revolves around the people that surround us constantly, like our family and our friends, who have the most impact on our behaviors and moods. We take a quick look at their faces and their body language, and can make a pretty close assumption as to what that person is feeling, what thoughts they are having, and how they will feed off of other people's moods as well. It's pretty easy to decipher many of these things without a problem, but sometimes, especially when an emotion is mixed, it's a little harder to calculate. Now, technology has been formed to help us find out what others are really feeling, even if they are hiding it. In many situations, this software could be useful. Some settings, not so much.

In a public schooling atmosphere, mood is pretty much what makes or breaks how a class will go. If the students are sad or the teacher is moody, the class might be that much more of burden to deal with all the negativity. If a class is particularly boring, and the students are tired, the class might go on for ages. Plus, some material might be confusing for some students, and this will make the class much harder as well to understand and pass. As people, we tend to subconsiously figure out this kind of information as soon as possible, in order to better guess how they should behave. We do it so often, we as a people have gotten pretty good at this. So how useful would this technoogy be in this particular situation? Not very, since in a clasroom setting it is fairly easy to tell when a student is confused or bored. Now, there are other situations, some even still withing the guidelines of 'school', in which this technology would be used more often.

Online schooling is an ever-growing web of ideas and people, and is almost always a good experience to have even if they dont stick with it. However, the social aspect of school is forgotten as well as the face-to-face contact with teachers that is useful in situations like confusion, boredness, or even sickness. This technology would be especially useful for this type of setting, since it can give teachers an insight on what their students are feeling about the material that they are teaching. It can help them shape their curriculum to better fit that student's needs, and therefore give a better and long-lasting impact on that student's grades, and possibly even future. It could be an integrated part of the website or a type of software that is highly reccomended or required to download. Even aside from all of that, there are even more uses for this software outside of the school setting.

In therapy sessions, or even interrogations, this kind of technology could be even more useful. In therapy, the people that go have most likely gotten very good at concealing their emotions, and doing things like fake smiling. This kind of technology could help the therapist better understand when something like this happens, and therefore help the patient get better faster, and to a higher degree. Interrogations, often done to help gain information that the prisoner most liekly does not wish to give. This technology could better read the facial expressions in details that we normally cannot decipher ourselves, and therefore better know when a person is lying or witholding information, and also help people know when they gave all the info they know.

A public school setting is most likely not the best way to use this programming, especially since it has so many other incredibly helpful uses that would be much more beneficial to many things. Its obvious when someone is happy, excited, overly sad, or losing their temper. bot expressions like boredness, disgust, fear, and pride are hard to figure in small doses. This new technology will be used in a variety of ways, but how many of those will actually we beneficial?