I believe students should be allowed to bring cell phones to school. Students should be able to use them during lunch periods and free times. I don't believe this is a bad thing. As long as cell phones are not being used during classes. I don't think it's bad because it's students free time. They're not in class so they won't be stopped from learning. Teachers and parents may say this is a bad thing because it might prevent students from learning. I don't believe this to be true because they're using cell phones in free times. Not as they're in classes or studying. The principal should allow students to bring cell phones and use them in free times. This should be the new cell phone policy.

Using cell phones during lunch periods isn't bad. Students will be using their cell phones during a free time given to them. It's not like they're learning something while eating. This won't prevent students learning ability. I t will actually make school more fun and a way to communicate with friends that may not be able to sit together. It could even maybe quite the lunch cafeterias. Students wouldn't have to yell across cafeterias anymore they could just text. Once lunch break is done students would need to put cell phones back or turn them off until another free time.

Sometimes students may be given free time. During this time students should be allowed to use their cell phones. It's their free time so I suggest students should be given the opportunity to use their cell phones. This way students will have something to keep them entertained while having free times. I don't think this is a bad idea because it's a time given to take a break rather than to work.

The use of cell phones during free times will not interrupt students from learning. It won't really matter because either way during free periods students aren't studying anything like in classes. Once students get back to normal classes then they should turn cell phones off to start learning once again. I believe that free periods should be given to let students take a break from studying, including the use of cell phones. I believe that the use of cell phones during free times won't harm students learning ability.

Teachers and parents may not agree on the use of cell phones during free times. Some may say that it will prevent students from learning. This to me is not true because students will be using cell phones during free times rather than learning times. If students are using cell phones during classes, then yes, the use of cell phones will prevent students from learning. Since students will be given the time to use cell phones during free times there will be no need to use cell phones in class. Causing no prevention of learning. I believe students should be given the right to use their cell phones during free times. This should be a new policy in schools.