Having extracurricular activities is bad for students because it consumes time, makes students more tired and frustrated, wastes money.

If schools were to require extra activities, their reputation would decrease from the story behind it. The shocking truth behind having school activities may surprise you.

Picture it, you're on your favorite sports team and you have a big game this afternoon and you can't wait much longer to go. Then, it suddenly hits you! You realize that you have an extracurricular school activity, all you do is just hope your team does well and win while you're at the activity. That's the case for most people. The main problem is that it's time consuming, especially for after-school activities. Students usually have to balance a lot with school with all of the homework and projects. School activities don't help with that at all. In fact, it even does the exact opposite. A lot of excuses at school are about how busy they are and why they couldn't complete their homework. With school activities, the grades will drop for sure from all of the uncompleted homework.

After a long day of school, wouldn't you already be tired enough? It's very important for children to get a good rest or break. A lot of people get tired during the school day, so a school activity will surely not help it. When people are tired, they don't have interest in anything, and a school activity would make it worse, causing boredom. The lack of interest one has will most likely make their parents go up in flames from the money they wasted on it.

Most activities are boring according to most students, so if the school would try to do something more entertaining, it would require more money. More money will cause bigger projects on the school which is just a waste of time. Money isn't only just effecting the school, but students as well. The price of activities are expensive, and will most likely just go to a waste. Sometimes students attempt to skip the activities to avoid all of the borringness which wastes their money a whole ton, and parents are not going to be happy about that.

Overall, students should not be required to do extracurricular activities from tall the effects that can happen on them. Not doing activities can save them from a lot, and it's very important we keep that way. I'm sure nobody enjoys failing grades, just from doing these activities. If the school doesn't' require extracirricular activities it can keep pushing it's way forward by raising the reputation of it. 