Asking for advice is an essential thing to do since it gives you time to consider multiple choices. When you ask for advice it is better to talk to more than one person. That is because the thoughts of multiple people can change how you think. Asking multiple people for advice gives you views, knowledge, but can lead to potential tougher decision making.

You can see different thoughts between multiple people. The people you ask advice from may have different views on the topic which can give you multiple different views on what you were asking. That can help you to realize the pros and cons of what you were asking. This may help you see opinions and see new ways of solving a problem that you didn't see before. An example of this could be when asking how to make a great cake. You can ask multiple people to see what they think makes a great cake and apply that to your life as well.

Also, you can gain more knowledge on a subject. Getting multiple peoples inputs on a subject can lead to an increased knowledge on said topic. Increased knowledge leads to being better at that topic and knowing more choices to make for the topic. This helps when someone else ask for help or when a more difficult decision might come. An example of this helping is finding what to look out for in a camping trip. You can ask people who have been on a camping trip and find out what you may need to bring on the trip to be properly prepared and safe.

However, a downside may be tougher decision making. The multiple inputs that people give you might lead to you having too many choices. You may feel that by making one choice, you might be missing the chance to use a different persons advice. This can lead to you either spending too long thinking of a good decision, or not making a decision at all. An example of tougher decision making may come in asking which is a better streaming service to get. Some may say that one is better while others say that a different one has better choices. You may have too many options to choose from and end up choosing one that you don't end up liking, simply because the opinions of the people you asked made the one they said was better seem like it was an extremely good service.

In conclusion, while you may have more knowledge and opinions to think about, you may end up having a hard time making a decision. However, it is still a better choice to ask multiple people for advice instead of asking a singular person. So, it is always best to see what multiple people think before you make a final decision.