Schools and educational institutions allow their students to attend class from the safety of their own home. The online courses are used as another way for students to retain the knowledge they need without having to be present in the classroom. Online courses are beneficial for students because it allows students to be comfortable while learning, and it diminishes the level of distraction while learning.

One benefit from taking an online course is that it allows students to be comfortable while learning. Being comfortable is a key essential for retaining information from a teacher. Students who take online courses are more attentive, and more comprehensive because they are in a comfortable state of mind. Students who are physically present in the classroom move around, rest their head on their desk, and don't comprehend as much information while learning in a classroom because of their uncomfortably. Research that has been accumulated over the years has proven that students who take an online course have higher test scores than students who are physically present in the classroom.

In addition to being comfortable while learning, online course are beneficial because they lower the chances of being distracted while retaining information. When attending a collegiate or large class, students are met with many distractions that can potentially disrupt their learning patterns such as computer screens, frequent movement around the classroom, and other students. For instance, a student who is being disruptive in a classroom will need disciplinary action that is taken by the teacher. As a result, the students who are in that classroom lose the attentiveness of the teacher because the teacher has to provide their attention to one particular student. In addition, students' lose information from the lecture because the knowledge that was taught was not reinstated by the teacher. By taking an online course, the chances of being distracted are relatively, and the teacher has the chance to speak equally among his students so their is no student who is costed the chance of learning.

Online courses gives students the opportunity to feel relaxed while learning, and allows them to be more attentive while learning. Courses that are able to be taken from your home is a gifted opportunity for a student to have greater success in that class than being physically in a classroom. While being in a classroom is a traditional way of learning. enrolling in an online course is a more efficient way of learning. 