When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. They belive that they have a better chance at making the right choice. There are many reasons why people seek multiple opinions, one might be trustworthiness , another would be the more wiser person, and the last reason is that people might get you out of trouble.

One reason why people might ask for multiple opinions is trustworthiness. What I mean by that is a person might trust one person more than he trusts the other. One person might be closer to you than the other. The one closer to you might know more about you and knows how you feel. If you ask someone you dont really talk to then maybe they try to be funny and make you look stupid. If it was a friend then it would be different because they don't want to see you fail or they won't betray you. Also if you ask one person and they betray you and make you look stupid then you will learn your lesson to not ask them for help ever again.

Another reason to ask multiple people is to ask the more wiser person . What I mean by that is one person might be more wiser and knowledgabe than the other. If you ask a person that has been in that type of situation then they might know what to do and how to handle it. It's either they made the wrong decision and knows how to fix it. Or he made the right decision and knows what to do. Either way it is better to ask some one who has been in that problem before and got out of it safetly than asking someone who has never been in the type of problem and does'nt have any advice.

The last reason is that maybe someone can get you out of trouble. What I mean is that if you are planning up something to do that is not very good, someone might stop you and tell you that it is not a very good choice to make.

It could also refer back to people being in the same situation you are. The person that has been in your shoes one time might have been planning up to do the same but they got in big trouble and regreted it. So they would warn you and tell you the punnishment and it might change your mind. Seeking multiple opinions would tell you how to handle the problem or even stop it if your not even a victom.

Seeking multiple opinions is'nt bad after all. You can learn how to fix a probblem or even stop one. You can learn who to trust and who not to trust. Those are all ways seeking multiple opinions can help you in a problem.    