Many school require students to attend summer projects to help them continue to grow and learn during the summer. In these summer projects they should be student-designed, so that students can select the ways they learn best. Another reason may include, that many students do not like attending projects that do not seem exciting. Also when students accomplish something its increases the chances of them wanting to learn. In conclusion student-designed projects helps increase students wanting to learn.

Many students have different ways to learn, so when students design the ways they learn it makes learning a lot easier for them. For example if I learn visually I would want to design a class or a project that they are watching how to do something, and them attempting it. Another way to learn is hands on, so I would want to create a projects where I have to use my hands. There are many different ways that students learn, and the only person who knows how they learn is themselves.

Students do not like attending events where they do not have fun. So, when you set students in a classroom all day they tend to get tired and even bored. So, when students design what they want to do, they are choosing a way to learn and have fun. For example games that people can play are math games, for every math worksheet they complete they have a certain amount of time to swim, or some reward to let them know that they are doing well. They can go on hiking trips, and learn types of trees and get the experience of seeing new things.

When someone gets a sense of accomplishment it makes them want to keep pushing, so when students get the sense of accomplishment from designing this summer program it will make them want to attend, learn, and have fun. Just from getting the sense of accomplishment many student can find out what they want to do with the rest of their lives. Many students when they feel that they did not accomplish anything, it will make them not want to do anything. In summary accomplishment for some people can help them know who they are and who they want to become.

When students take on their own tasks it help them want to keep pushing and continue to learn. With all of the experience that they will receive it will help them grow as people not just as a student. From students figuring how they learn to just having fun they will help some student with the rest of their lives, all from what they learned at a required summer project. 