About 85% of views and or opinions are sourced to place of birth and family. Views from multiple individuals can be varying depending on who you ask, because family and place of birth has a very strong connection to what kind of views you have. Lets say you are from Italy and so is your family, you are most likely going to agree with a multiparty system and think that Italy is a very nice place, though others may think a multiparty system is bad and think where ever they were born is a very nice place. Though most opinions come from family and place of birth sometimes others have different opinions then their parents, because they see thing differently than their parents or other friends. Asking your family for advice is the first thing to do if your stuck or dont know what do to, even if you dont agree with them take their advice into consideration and use it to benefit you. Gathering advice in general is a good thing to do just in case something happens and you dont know what to do, but you have to ask more than one person and mix all their answers for it actually to be useful.

Surprisingly a lot of people take advice from one source and then try to make others feel the same way, but when they try this the person is likely proved wrong. Sometimes the person will be right when getting advice from one source, but this could be part of the person they are trying to convince is biased. Getting advice is something we all have done at one point, lets say you are having trouble with a specific topic in school and need some advice to help you pass. Getting advice from multiple points of view allow you to have more variety when it comes to certain topics such as; building something, using a product for some kind or problem, and when your unsure about a decision. Seeking multiple opinions from biased and non biased sources is something you have to look for, because some if not most sources are biased in one way or another. There are always two sides to something when getting advice weather it would be politics or everyday decisions. When you gather opinions from multiple people there is a higher chance for non biased answers, but biased answers are good as well, because if you combine two biased answers of opposite views you get a non biased view. Gathering more points of view is a good thing to do for almost any situation though sometimes one point of view is all you need.

However trying to get advice from multiple sources can be very lengthy and take days or weeks and could just lead to having nothing but biased opinions. Sometimes gathering information can take a very long time and could lead to useless results that cant be used. Your family and friends might also be too busy to help you with anything even if you really needed it. Even with all this knowledge that failure is possible you still have to try, because your family is very likely to help you out if you ask even if they have little to no experience on the topic. There are people experienced in specific fields as well which can be very helpful depending on the situation such as; if your father was an english major in colleage he can help you out if you need it. As is said before 85% of opinion comes from family and place of birth, which is why you need to ask multiple people for advice even if it takes a long time the information you gather can be very useful in the future.               