Do I support driverless cars or am I against driverless cars? Although in the passage, they talk about positive aspects of creating a driverless car, I do not agree in the making of them. Many consequences can come to play when manufactoring and purchashing these cars. I am against the development of driverless cars because, in my opinion they are a waste of time and a waste of money.

First of all, there can be a technology malfunction. When the development of the generic car is happening, the car gets tested to make sure that it is safe enough and won't be dangerous to the passengers. Putting more expensive technology into a car can be dnagerous and even deadly. Everyday technology even fails sometimes such as; celular devices, computers, kitchen appliances, even cars that already have a touch of technology.

What make you think that a car with more technology is safe for you. How can a diverless car be proven to be safe enough to trust a person's life. If an accident were to happen, due to a technology malfunction, what will the developers and the "driver" use to defend their case with. It is to risky to make a car with so much technology involved.

Second of all, what if an incident did happen? Whose fault would it be? If it were a normal case, with a normal car, it would be more simple to say which person to blame because both people would be driving. If technology was involved in the incident and it was a malfunction, it would be the driverless passenger. Then that passenger would bring up the developers as the one to blame. The develpoers have more money and more power than the person who bought the car. So they're going to do anything to not be the ones to blame.

Lastly, it is very expensive to keep up with such a luxury car. The parts would be more expensive. The development would be way more expensive. Where are they going to get all that money? How much would it be to purchase one? What if you get into a wreck? How much will it be to get everything fixed? All unanswered questions that people will ask when they're in that situtation. All those problems can be avoided by simpily buying a car with not as much technology in its interior.

In conclusion, I disagree with the development of driverless cars. They would be very unsafe. It would be more difficult to figure out who to blame for the accidents if they were caused by a driverless car passenger. And it would be very expensive. Other people would be exulted knowing that they dont have to drive, but keep in mind that a trip to the market,

could cause you your life. My point is, technology is great but, would you really trust your life to it ?