Dear, Principle

I disagree with the new school policy you are trying to change because it isn't fair to the students of your school. It isn't fair that you want to change the sports activity unless these students have a grade B average. Many of the students that are involved in these sports activity have a grade C average. If they don't have a grade B average they are not allowed to participate in these school activities. It would be very hard for them to keep up with a B average for the rest of the year.

Not many students would be able to be in these after school activities because of their grade average. You wouldn't have that many students in your sports activity either if they don't have a B average. It's not fair to change the school policy now that you only have a C average.

These students who are in these activities would not be able to be in them anymore. Some students might be very good at some sports and they would not be able to join because of the new school policy you are trying to be approved.

If you do change it, it won't be fair to the other students who try to keep that average and still be able to be in the schools activities. For some students it take a while to learn a new topic and they might be really good at something else. They would not know because they wouldn't be able to try out for that sport. They might even have a C average and they wouldn't be able to be in that sports because they might have not succeeded at having a B average.

For other students they are not just good at sports; some have a talent at other things like art. But they would not be able to at least try to be in an art club because you have change the school policy. Only students that really good at their school work would be able to join these activities that they are good at.

Once again if you do change this new school policy you would be unfair to the students and you would not be giving them a chance by not letting them participate at what they might be best at the most. For some students they might not have been able to keep such a high average for these students.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME