Everyone nowadays is so used to driving a car here and there even if it would just be five minutes on foot, but what if you started limiting your car usuage? Making your feet be your gas instead of a pump when the distance is close enough, and even biking occasionally. Limiting car usuage may sound like a bad thing, but it has many advangtages such as reducing pollutin, increasing saftety for human beings, and even opeing options for alternative transportion.

Cars release a great amount of polluants into the air increasing smog in some areas worse than others, like in Paris, China, and other places. Providing or opening your mind to other ways to get from one destination to the next, would reduce the smog thats in the air. This simple action as close to 70% of the population pitching in can result in a healthier environment, and some people may agree with Heidurn Walter. She says "When I had a car I was always tense. Im much happier this way." Not only that, people who do not agree or get rid of their transportion vechicles will be fined. For example, in Germany you have to pay $40,000 if you want to get a car owner space and this does not include the money you have to spend on your house. Than, in Paris 4,000 drivers were fined $31 dollars after not leaving their cars home after a public annocement was made to do so. This shows that opening this can increase health, or make an environment cleanier. Plus, you actually inforcing something that is good for the environment will get people to participate, such as a fine.

Hearing engines roar and cars zoom pace is a sound all too familar with citizens who walk or ride constantly. It can be quite on the thrilling side crossing the streets or even walking down a busy rode when you know being hit is a possibly. Limiting car usage can decrease the risks or heavy weighted vechicles hitting biking, or walking citizens that dont have a chance against the weight. This increases saftety, bumping into another human or being nugded by a bike wont affect your body as much as a 500 pound or even heavier car crashing into a 100 pound person. Like, Carlos Arturo said "It's a good opportuinity to take away stress..." meaning the stess that comes with a car. The money for gas and the risk or hitting someone or being hit is taken away when on foot or on bike. This shows limting car usage isnt only increasing the safety or people walking or biking, it also takes away stess factors like money, fixing a car if it needs repair, and other factors.

Finally, having alternate forms of transportion can open your eyes to a whole need world. Instead of constanly beiong locked in your 4 door honda prison or your house you're outside seeing new people and increasing social interaction. Not only this, but you're getting excerise and maintaining your health or builing it. Which is another reason to limit the amount we use our cars. This shows that doing so can not only increase saftery, and money, but health and social oppurtunitys.

In conclusion, limiting car usage has many advangtages even if you dont realize it and our soiciety could benefit a lot from it. Like, when it comes to the safety of the next generation, the present, or the previous. Than, it can even take away stress that come with a vechicle and even increase health and social gathering.    