" The "Face on Mars" has since become a pop icon. it has starred in hollywood film, apperes in books magazines, radio talks shows-even haunted grocery store cheakout lines for 25 years!

Some peole think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars- evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conpiracy theorists." siad NASA. The face on mars was not made by aliens beacuse it was illusion, shadows, and camera"s.

The face on mars was not made by aliens beacuse it was an illusion. The crises on the eyes was an illsion beacuse the shadows a cused by the hole and how the light is hitting it.

" A few days later NASA unveiled the image for all to see. The caption noted a " huge rock formation. . . whic resenbles a human head. . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." said the author. illision was caused by how our eyes sees it. our brian is capitbal to form faces on anything that has a human characteristics.

The face on mars was not made by aliens beacuse it was shadows." when it , viking 2, spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face." the shadows made the faces but in realtiy the is just a rock there not a face.

" The Face on Mars is located at 41 ddegres north martian laditue where it was winter, in April 98- a clody time of the year." said th author.

Where the rock is located it make a shade that looks like a face it is always cloudy there.

The Face on Mars was not made by aliens beacuse of the camer's. " Malin 's team captured an extaordinary photo using the camera's absoulte maximum resolution, eac pixel in 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 viking photo." the photo matter they took another picture on a cloudyness day and the face was kinda gone and the camera ws also the key. the camers couldhave caused a big differance in the picture.

The face was not made by aliens beacuse it was and illusion by the shadows and the camera. The camers was a big part. the shadows was caused by clouds. The illusion was a brain game. The face on Mars was not made by aliens beacuse it was an illusion, shadows, and camer's.