Each year more people are killed by driving accidents then the combined deaths of murder and accidents involved with firearms.

Many of these deaths and associated accidents are caused by driver error such as reckless driving, speeding, texting while driving, and driving under the influence. As a result, many traffic regulations, such as the institution of specific rules of the road, police enforcement of safe and sober driving, and required safety features, such as airbags and seat-belts, have helped to reduce accidents and mortality rates on the road. Yet, these mortality rates are still high due to the human trait of being able to fail due to biological reasons (fatigue, anger) and psychological and cognitive reasons (driving under the influence due to a false belief that "alchohol does not affect me that badly" or that "I do not need a seat-belt, I likely will not get into an accident). Henceforth, the addition of automated driving systems into cars are of extreme benefit due to their ability to negate these human tendencies and traits as well as adding a degree of redunency to driving.

First off, automated driving systems are usefully as they can negate the negative effects of human biology such as fatigue and rage. As demonstrated on paragraph seven, the article explains how care manufacturers are considereing the implementation of cameras which can monitor drivers. While the article implies that these cameras are to be use to detec whether or not the driver is even looking at the road, it is not wistful thinking to believe that this technology can be improved apon to detect facial features (such as opening and closing of the eyes, swaying of the head) to detect fatigue or other features (angry expression) to detect drivers who are tired or experiencing road rage. The car from this point could take measures, such as suggesting the driver to stop at a gas station to get coffee or to pull over to calm down, and thus prevent the driver letting his or her biological symptoms affect his or her ability to drive safely.

Additionally, these automated cars can also be used to stop drivers from preforming reckless things while driving due to their stupity, ignorance, or inmaturism, by forcing the driver to comply with driving law in or for he or she to driving. One example of this forced compliance could be that an automated car could demand a breathilizer test to be preformed in conjuction with the use of a key in order to start up the car, ensuring that only sober drivers can operate a vehicle. Additionally, the car can also perform a similar action by requireing the driver and passengers (which could be detected by sensors and cameras) to have their seatbelts on before driving. Finally, a car can either force a driver to pull over if it detects that the driver is driving recklessly or alert athorities so that they can stop the driver before he or she has the chance to hurt someone else. Henceforth, the computer systems in car can help a driver not to cause an accident by either their physical and/or cognitive state or by their irresponsibility.

Finally, automated cars increase safety due to the concept of redundency. Since there are two capable operators in the vehicles, (that being the human driver and the car itself) one can take over in case the other fails, such as the car taking over if the driver falls asleep or the driver taking control if one sensors has a malfunction. This redunency improves safety as both systems have to fail instead of just one in order for an accident to occur. This redundency is why commercial aircraft have an extremely low likelyhood of failure, as the plane has both human redundency (two pilots in case one becomes incapacitated) and mechanical redendency (auto-pilot kicks in if both pilots become temporarily unable to address all the issues occuring in flight as well as back up systems in case something like electronics or pneumatics fail).

Henceforth, through a combination of redundency and the ability to help drivers protect themselfs from their own faults, whether they be physical, emoutional, or mental, the automation of cars will make the act of driving a much safer endeavor. While some may state that automated cars can never reach the intuition and agility of a natural driver, automated systems should and would not replace human drivers but instead suplement them as in the case with commercial aircraft. Henceforth, when the risks and the benefits of automation in driving are weighed, one can come to the conclusion that automation is driving will inevitably make the endeavor much safer.  