More than one person's advice

Have you ever wondered or questioned yourself why do you have to ask more than one person's for advice? Yep you heard me. People from all around the world ask advice about anything. That could be video games, schools, and even Life. Obviously, there are many other things to ask advice. It's kind of asking for help, you can say. People incuding kids, teens, and even adults are asking advice that could help them in the furture, you guys even might have connections, and more than one person. More than one is better than just asking for one person's advice.

Having connections

The people you ask for advice were kids too just like you and they possibly ran into what you are stuck or struggling at right now. I recommand you to ask adults more than anyone else. That's either with struggles at school, home, family members, or even life. I almost forgot to include decisions because small decisions can eventually become big decisions. I recommand you to ask adults more than anyone else. I mean you can ask seniors but they most likely will forget everything since they were kids. The worst thing you can do is asking someone young even a 18 year old adult because you never know what happened in them. Trust and worthy friends you can ask but friends that you just say hi to once a day or even a week wouldn't be so great.

Help in the future

Advices not just help from the presents but in the future as well. According to my calculations you could use that advice over and over again. For example, let's say you didn't know where you put a comma in a sentence, therefore, you used a person's advice and it was to put a and where ever you were going to put the comma at. You can also use it to help your kids and even grandsons if you still remember.

More than one person's advice

Last but not least, why more than one person's advice you ask. One advice can help and even solve whatever you have in mind but you actually want to check if they were right. You probably want to gather the information and rethink it. Everyone in my opinion should at most ask two people for advice just to make sure. First person person wasn't being that specific enough so you decide to go to another person. If they haven't been specific enough then just go to another person. I mean how hard is that? Especially kids since they have just started growing up and will soon become young adults.

Everybody should be struggling something in a certain time of life that they ask for advice. Don't be shy for asking advice and you believe in yourself that you are a brave and confedent man that doesn't need help. Because really you will be a better one for asking advice. Therefore, the reason that we ask advice is to become someone better each day by taking that advice.