The Face, confusing and causing many arguements with others asking if it is a form of alien life, or just a natural landform. Many conspiracy theorists believe it to be an image of civilization of Mars. NASA, on the other hand believes it to be a natural landform. The Face is most likely a natural landform because of the formation, similarities with other landforms, and common sense.

The Face 's formation helps prove that it is a natural landform. A few days after the new photo of the face, NASA unveiled the photo with a caption reading," a huge rock formation. . . which resembles a human head. . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." This interpretation helped show that the Face was possibly a natural landform.

The similarities with other landforms also helps prove that it is a natural landform. Jim Garvin, cheif scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program stated,"It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars. Garvin is saying that it is very similar to another natural landfrom which would support the evidence that the Face on Mars is a natural landform.

The last distinct things that proves the Face on Mars is a natural landform is common sense. Many conspiracy theorists state that it is a sign of new life, but is that really what it is. In April 5, 1998, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of conspiracy theorists, and web surfers were eagerly waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing a natural landform. This proves that common sense can play a keen role in porving that the Face is a natural landform.

The Face has been puzzling many people and causingarguements over these past years. The Face is one of the hardest problems to debunk, whether you are a scientist, or an average person just wanting to figure out the problem. But after close examination from many people, it shows that the Face is a natural landform. The Face is a natural landform because of its formation, its evidence, and common sense.         