I believe that reading the expresion of someone is a very important thing. And the technology that is being used for it is amazing and very useful. in the artical it says that "They even indicate the difference between a genuine smaile and a forced one." That is a very useful thing to be able to do when it comes to knowing if the person is really okay or if they are not telling the truth. The technology they are making escpecially inventions like this will one day change the future.

"She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent happy." To be able to read a persons emotions like that and basically know how they feel and what they are thinking is revolutionary. This technology can build off into so much more. This could lead into so many jobs especially law inforcement. Becasue this could tell the cop annything they wanted to know just buy having the computer read the suspects face and know if they are telling the truth or not.

Another thing the author says in the artical that leads me to belive this is a wonderful inventions is. "The facial expressions for each emotion are uneversal." this statment basically says that they know your truth feelings and emotions and you cant hide it. Because the expressions are the same for everyone. another amazing part about this invention is its ability not only to read the persons face and emotions. The computer can read the emotions on a picture or in a painting.

For example they used the Mona Lisa "It's the subject of Leonardo da Vinci's Renaissance painting." This opens up even more doors into what this invention can be used for. If it can read off a picture or a painting then they can use it to find out so many other things in history on other paintings or photos. This invention is amazing and truly a revolutionary peace of equipment.

So i conclude that this invention is a great tool for many things and it will be used for many great things to come. This will change the way some people work and how they do there everyday tasks. This can branch off into so much more then just reading someones face. It really will revolutionize and change a path for the future if they build off of this invention in the right way. 