Advice

Many people have hard times making decisions, so what do they do, they ask for peoples advice to find out what the best idea that they can use.

We ask people advice everyday like do you think I should wear blue or red, maybe even do you think I should find a new job and quit my old one. Eventhough not everything we ask is in need of advice or an opinion.

People tend to ask more then one person for advice because many people have different perspectives and ideas on how the problem could be solved.

It's also probably a better way to figure out what your going to do because your original plan could've not been solved how you wanted, and things end up getting worse but that why you ask someone for their opinion.

Another benefit from getting multiple opinions and ideas from other people you can also take little bits and pieces from each persons respond to help solve your problem.

Asking family and friends for advice is always a great way to have someones help but your might not be able to talk to them which is why therapist are always another option because their professional help could help solve whatever may be going on.

You could also if you don't wanna talk to just one person go to a form of group therapy for whatever is going on because talking to others who have gone through the same thing may help you to be able to talk about your problems.

You could even talk to a school counselor if you don't wanna pay for sessions while talking to a therapist if your in high school or middle school.

Advice can come in many different forms like I said from family, friends, counselors and therapist.

You can also have an online therapist if you don't wanna talk face to face with someone.

From what I said before advice can help you or whom ever may need the advice or someone opinion may help that person make the right choice instead of a bad one, but it may also depend on how the person receives the advice because we all have different minds ad a way of thinking.

Asking people for advice is a common thing and we all do it daily because we can ask for opinions about almost everything but sometimes we don't to because it just doesn't need to.

Although sometimes people don't ask for advice or someones opinion because they don't know which why it's easier to talk to friends and family for certain thing and then with something else that's where you can talk to a therapist or counselor. 