Is getting advice from people worth your time and energy? Why is getting advice helpful? Almost everyone, once in their life will need some advice. It can be advice for anything like school, relationships and sports etc. The advice can come from anyone like your dad, mom sister, brother and friends. In some cases getting advice can or may not be beneficial. Some people might give you good advice or bad advice depending the reason why you need advice.

Getting help from multiple different people will help solve your problem faster. If you get advice from multiple different perspectives,

it will give you a broader point of view on how to solve your problem. Seeking multiple opinions will help you make a better choice. In addition talking to other people for advice it will help you make better decisions in the future. For example If someone needed homework advice, they might go ask their teacher for help or their parents for help. By doing that they can get two different opinions on how to do their homework, so now it is easier to complete the homework.

Another reason why asking multiple people for advice is good because, some people might have gone threw the thing you are needing to go threw. Therefore to ask multiple people you might find someone who is perfect to help you with your problem. The more you ask people they more experience you will get to make your final decision. So if you don't find the perfect person for the advice you can adjust some things and make it yours.

People who ask advice are people who are most likely going to succeed with there problem. I believe this became when people ask for advice they really wan't to fix their problem. Therefore If they want to fix there problem they will ask more people for advice. When you talk to more people for advice you will gain more knowloge on your problem, so maybe you can come up with your own advice to fix your problem.

Some people might ask advice for many different things but some people will ask for clarification. For example when someone has a question about the advice they have gotten they can ask for clarification. Clarification is a good way to separate good advice from bad advice. You might need ask multiple people for the clarification you need, which is better for you.

To wrap everything up, asking multiple people for advice will help you solve your problem and will help you in the long run. So asking will help you succeed in the future with other problems you might have. In addition people who have the desire to fix their problem will promblem get it done. So maybe next time when you have a problem you just might be able to fix it yourself.