Phones & Driving

Texting and driving has increased with time. This is due to the fact that technology is advancing every year. In addition, this has led to an increase in car accidents and increase of deaths by car accidents. This shouldn't be allowed due to the danger that you put yourself in and the danger you put the people around you and inside the car that are riding with you. Lastly this shouldn't be done because of the punishments that come with texting and driving.

Phones should not be used while driving due to the high risk of causing or being in an accident. furthermore, texting and driving has increased the rate of deaths by car accidents. texting and driving shouldn't be allowed due to risk you put yourself in and the people around you. As well as anybody that is riding with you. In addition, texting and driving has serious consequences that could lead you to being fined a great amount or it can lead to you serving time in a cell. Depending on the state that you live in the consequences change, as well as the charges and fines.

The consequences vary from state to state but there are still punishments for texting and driving. Some of the punishments you could receive are suspension of your license. As well as jail time if someone was killed in the accident or if you were driving under the influence. In addition, the fines that you could face from texting and driving could range from $20 to thousands of dollars depending on which state you live in.

Overall, texting and driving shouldn't be allowed to the fact that it can cause you to get in an accident and or be the one to cause an accident. Texting and driving has its consequences and could range from criminal charges, fines, and or jail time. Lastly, when you drive think about yourself and the people around you that could get affected by YOUR decision. Take in mind the consequences and how your life can change due to that one decision of picking up your phone and sending a text message.

2            