In today's society, our technology has become so sophisticated to the point where we can communicate with each other halfway across the world. We're able to keep up with the times and project our thoughts and ideas to more people at the same time than ever before. Not only is technology used for communication, but it is also used to enhance learning in schools. Technology helps students access information to help them learn and allow them to do their school work even if they miss school. Today, many schools use technology for mostly everything; therefore, it is easy for schools to offer learning through online or video conferencing. I strongly believe that schools should offer the option of learning from home because some students may not feel comfortable in school, they may have to be away from school or home for an extended period of time, and students can go at their own pace.

Schools are notoriously known for making some students feel insecure and uncomfortable because the amount of people or the way they interact with others. Some students can be extremely introverted and not be able to work in a public environment. By offering an option to learn at home through online or video conferencing, these students may take this opportunity to be able to stay at home or an environment that they feel most comfortable in to be able to learn. Not only will this benefit the student by making them feel more safe and relaxed, but this could help them succeed more. Feeling constantly out of place and anxious in school could affect the student's learning. If given the choice to learn in their own environment of their choice, they could also be able to learn with more success as they feel comfortable.

Some students don't have the choice of being able to go to school. There are many situations in which can put a family in a position to not be able to send their child to school whether it be for a short or a long period of time. During this period, if offered the ability to learn from home, students will be able to keep up with their school agenda and not miss anything. This benefits the student and also the school because the student will be able to keep learning even if they are not able to go to school and the school will be able to educate more students that will eventually be able to graduate.

People may argue that schools giving the option for students to learn from home could actually be ineffective because the students would not do their work or struggle because they are not learning hands-on; however, this is not a problem because learning from home is only an option and the grading system is still in place. If the student is found failing their classes because they are not doing their work, the school can just simply not allow them to be able to have the option of learning from home again. This goes the same way for students who struggle because they are not learning in person. Learning from home is only an option, students have the choice whether or not to take it and they are able to choose for themselves what they believe is the best option for them.

Online learning or video conferencing can also greatly benefit the students because they are able to go at their own pace. Without the pressure of having to catching up to other students or having to wait for other students to get the concept, students can go at whatever pace they learn at through online learning. In school, teachers have to go at a pace because they have to follow an agenda to be able to teach all the information before the end of the school year. All students also learn at different paces; some students learn quickly and grasp concepts easier while others are the exact opposite. Online learning can be especially helpful in these scenarios because students can give themselves the time they need to understand their lessons and ultimately thrive more than by learning in school.

Technology has given society new opportunities and different ways of achieving goals. An example of this is by allowing students to take traditional learning in school to being able to learn at home through online and video conferencing. By giving the option for students to learn from home, students are able to benefit in many different ways as a result. Students would be able to learn in an environment they feel the most comfortable in, learn even though they can not be able to attend or be in school, and not feel pressured to go at the same pace as others. With all these factors combined, not only do the students benefit from having the choice to learn from home but they may also succeed better academically because of how much freedom is being given to the student.