Although Venus has a reputation for being difficult to study, scientists have tried numerous times with unmaned spacecrafts. Each time, however, the spacecraft has not survived on Venus for more than a few hours. The author of the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," suggests that Venus is a worthy puruit despite its many dangers. The author does this by describing the planet's similarities to Earth, Venus's location in the solar system, and by describing the vast differences between Earth and Venus.

Venus is often referred to as Earth's twin due to its many similarites. Both planets have similar sizes and distances from the sun. Scientists also believe that Venus was once a hospitible planet due to its similarities to Earth. Scientists have discovered that Venus has some features that are similar to those on Earth, such as land formations. Even though Venus is so hospitable, it is the closest planet to Earth and is the quickest travel throughout space. If Venus were to once again become hospitible as it was before, humans could potentially travel there.

Venus has a similar distance from the sun as Earth, meaning that it should be similarly hospitible. However, Venus has high temperatures and pressure which does not add up to the distance from the sun. The temperature on a planet is determined by the planet's distance from the sun and how much heat and light is able to travel to the planet. Since Earth is hospitible at a similar distance as Venus, then why is Venus plagued by severe temperatures? This and other mysteries about Venus are being questioned by scientists, but without the ability to get close to the planet, most exploration is impossible due to the thick atmosphere.

Although Earth and Venus have many similarities, their living conditions vastly differ. Due to Venus's acidic atmosphere and severe heat, living on Venus is impossible, while Earth is currently populated by a variety of creatures. Venus has temperatures that average over eight hundred degrees Fahrenheit, while the pressue is about ninety times greater than that on Earth. Venus also has the hottest surface temperature of any of the other planets, even hotter than Mercury. Venus is also plagued by volcanos, earthquakes, and frequent lightning. These differences may seem confusing because Mercury is closer to the sun and should, in theory, be the hottest planet in the solar system. Venus should also have a surface temperature and pressure similar to that of Earth.

If scientists were able to figure out more information about Venus, it may provide more information about the solar system and about Earth. Since evidence suggests that Venus was once more similar to Earth, studying the planet may provide insight as to why Venus was turned into such an inhospitable planet, and if it could happen to Earth. Scientists could also potentially develop a way to live on Venus or turn its living conditions back to how it once was in the past. In conclusion, the author uses this evidence to support the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite its many dangers.