Distance Learning has been a major issue, schools wonder if it's a good idea to provide distance learning or not. I believe it's a wonderful idea to have schools provide distance learning, it allows students with disabilities to learn, student in hospitals with illnesses to learn too and for single parents to learn and take care of their kids as well. Disabilities can be a major obstacle to get to school.

People with physical disabilities have to do a lot more to go to school, they can't take a bus or drive themselves.

The stress of moving all the time must be tiring. Distance Learning allows students with physical disabilities to feel not stress and be in the comfort of their own homes. Students with oxygen tanks don't have to carry the oxygen tank everywhere they go and just can stay home and learn. Students with major anxiety can learn and not have to feel anxious every time they go to school and have panic attacks. In general, distance learning provides a lot of help to students with disabilities. Distance Learning can also help student in hospitals.

Not everyone in this world can go to school, students can get a serious illness/diseases and must stay at the hospital. How do these students get education usually they don't, but with distance learning they can. Distance learning allows students with cancer or other illness to get the care they need and get education at the same time. Once the student gets discharged they don't need to learn everything they missed, they can pick up where they left off with last class online. Distance learning allows everyone to get an equal opportunity to learn, even single parents.

Many single parents drop out of school to take care of their kid and get a job. Many of these single parents have to work low paying jobs due to the lack of education, distance learning allows these parents to either finish college or high school. This allows these parents to get higher paying jobs and to provide more for their kids. Single parents don't have to feel trap and have to wait to get their education. Education is needed to be successful in today's world, single parents who can't get education will feel like they can't be successful. Distance learning allows these parents to be successful in today's world.

Some may say that you don't get that real teacher student relationship online, but you still feel connected, inspired or inspire others online. Just because it's online doesn't mean you lose any sense of human interaction. Education is hard to get for people who can't go to schools or is hard to. Students can get the education they need without leaving their house or hospital. Distance learning like I said before allows an equal learning opportunity for all. 