In this article, "Unmasking the Face on Mars". Many people believe that this imprint of a human beings' face was sculpted by aliens. In this essay, I will provide many reasons why this imprint was just a natural landform that looked identical to a human face.

Scientist have discovered that this "Face" on Mars was just a natural landform. Many people are trying to say that the face was created by aliens. There are many ways that we could prove that aliens DID NOT create this fasinating landform. From far away, this imprint looks exactly like a human face. If you focuse hard enough on this sculpture, you could indentify its eyes, mouth, nose and head shape.

One of the many reasons that this artifact was not created by aliens is because, provided in the article, back on April 5th, 1998, Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time. Scientist studied the artifact from afar, yet, they were still able to see the face. One of the scientist, Michael Malin, and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team took pictures of this marvelous sculpture. As Michael looked closer into each picture, he discovered that the creation was not carved that way in any sort. He discovered that the artifact was just a landform that began to age that way.

Another way to prove this artifact was not created by aliens is, there was no one there at the planet Mars. Scientist looked all over the planet, circled it for a long period of time. There was no foot prints, or any marks on this planet. Many believed that no matter how hard they searched, the solution would come out possitive. No one came and created this impressive land.

In the passage it says on April 8, 2001--a cloudless summer day in Cydonia, Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look. They had to roll the spacecraft 25 degrees to center the Face in the field of view. Each pixel spanned about 1.56 meters in 2001. The best Viking photo in 1976 was measured out to be 43 meters per pixel. This is when they knew for a fact that this landform was not something anyone else was able to make. This was all just a huge coincedense that there was a face imprinited on our called, "Red Planet".

This is why we should believe that "the Face" was just a natural landform. All facts has proven, that this creation was just part of Mars. There was no clear explaination that an alien would come and create this. If aliens tend to exist, there's no possible way they would know the facial structures of a human face. 