In American society today- and other countries also- it's safe to say that only a little bit more than half of teengers are wanting to get their driver's liscense. It is the same way with adults too. More people are choosing to move to smaller communities where shopping centers and restaraunts are a walking distance away. At first, it was all about just following the trend or a new law. Now people are realizing that not driving everywhere is benificial in more than one way.

In Europe, this trend is growing rapidly and has been for a few years now. Countries like Germany, Frace and Switzerland are examples of where a large percentage of their population don't drive cars. In Vauban, Germany it is against the law to park anywhere except for parking garages and if the car-owner purchases their own parking space, with a home also, for $40,000. "As a result, 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here." ("In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" P3). Greenhouse gas emissions are produced from 12% of car-owners in Europe. With less cars, it is said there the city has a less tense and/or stressful vibe to it, and the pollution level has decreased dramatically.

In America, the love for cars is not as strong anymore either. In April 2013 the number of miles driven per person was 9% lower than it was in January 1995, and 23% of people weren't driving between the years of 2001-2009. "In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency is promoting 'car reduced' communites, and legislators are are starting to act, if cautiously." ("In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" P9). Though reducing the amount of cars being driven has a positive impact on the environment, it will have a negative impact on car indistries across the U.S.

Paris, France and Bogota, Columbia have prooved that having less car-owners has decreased pollution levels. In Bogota, there is a Day Without Cars where only public transportation is allowed. Citizens will suffer a $25 fine if they are driving their own car. Paris, France temporarilly banned driving, and if they were found driving a 22-euro fine was charged. Both countries saw immediate results in the ammount of smog in theit cities.

It is obvious that not owning a car or choosing to walk more than driving has effected places like Europe, America and South America in a positive way. As more people realize that limiting car usage is good for the environment and benificial to their everyday lives, less people will be driving and the world will slowly see start to see a change.    