Dear Principal,

Students have many, many friends. But where do they get these friends? Mostly from school. There is no reason to have your phone out during school because whoever you are calling or texting is at school with you. Students should not have the privilege of having their phones at school because they will lose concentration on school work.

The reason cellular phones were made was to converse with your friends and family. The reason school was made was to educate you and help you later on in life. Phones and school do not mix well. The students interacting through the text messages or phone calls will be more concentrated on their conversation. You can communicate with your friends outside of school instead of inside. In Policy 1 the students would be allowed to use their phones at lunch but the person(s) they are conversing with might be in the same lunch as them or in class at the time, so there is no real point in text messaging them over the phone when you can go talk to them during lunch or when you pass by them in the hallway.

A cell phone as (many people know) does numerous things: You can check your E-mail, go on the internet, listen to music, watch videos etc. But there is no need to do that at school it all goes back to the same point, students have time out of school to do it so why don't they do it then? At school they see their friends. There is no need to converse with them on the phone when you can do it face to face.

Phones are a distraction, this is coming from an everyday student. At home I text whilst I do chores and it distracts me and I take up a lot more time to doing these tasks. It goes for the same in schools, if a teacher gives out homework at the end of the class period and the students have five minutes to work on it, how many students do you think would take out their phone and say they finished the work given to them and that it is free time? What if other students were still working on the work and the sounds from the phones were distracting them? A school is NO place for a phone and no matter how many students get angry about no phone privileges it is better for them no matter what they think! The phones are distracting and get the user off task. I say that no phones should be used during school.

Signed,

-Anonymous