Don't you have those times when you are having trouble on what to wear for your friend's birthday party, or what to say to that special someone, wouldn't it be helpful to have a second opinion? Deciding on what to do in a situation can sometimes be a really hard task to handle, but lucky for you, the advice of your peers can help you form a good decision. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you see different perspectives, learn more information, and get a general opinion.

One way asking others can benefit you is that you can see situations from other perspectives. People come from all around the world and have their own ideals and cultures which influence their way of thinking. Take a rug for example, some people have a rug as a place to clean your shoes while others use a rug as a place to practice their religion. The value of others will help you see things differently and with more meaning. It is good to understand the culture and customs of others to form good opinions. No two minds think alike, everyone thinks of different ways to do things. These ideas help you understand the different views of others, and they can help you understand why some people do certain things. Some people have experienced events that can completely alter their way of thinking. Talking to someone who has experienced whatever you may be looking for is a wonderful source because you have first hand knowledge and is a far better way of understanding something than just looking at the internet that is too good to be true. By looking through the shoes of others, you can see different opinions based on, cultures and ideals, past experiences, and unique mindsets.

Another way opinions could help is by giving you information that you couldn't have known otherwise. Maybe you are interested in doing something but do not know how it is like. You could talk to someone who has experienced how it is like and they could help you form a educated opinion. The Internet is a good source of information, but is everything that the internet say factually correct? Misinformation is something that could spread very easily and could give people negative or positive opinions on something false. It is always good to talk to someone who is skilled in that area to know exactly what to do. Sometimes something is just too hard to understand and thus, you don't what to do. Never be afraid to ask the people around you for a second opinion especially if your at a store because they are trained to know and to help you. Knowledge is one way others can help you form a opinion with past experiences, being skilled, and stopping misinformation.

Asking for the opinions of others could help you form a general opinion. A general opinion lets you know how everyone feels about what you are talking about. If you go around and ask people if you should wear a green dress and the majority of people say no, it tells you that green is not the color you should wear. By knowing how others view a certain subject, it lets you know what to plan. Knowing what others are most likely going to think, you can use that to help you understand what your next course of action should be. The general opinion of what others think will let you know if something is working. If you begin a project in which people be rewarded with vegetables and over time people start to participate less and less, it lets you know that it is not a good solution. Getting a general opinion will let you know the views of others, if something is working, and how to plan accordingly.

In conclusion, there are many ways the opinions of others can influence you to make healthy decision: past experiences, different backgrounds, ideals, and cultures can all lead you to the right direction. Seeking multiple opinions help people find better choices by seeing the perspectives of others, learning information from others, and getting a general idea of what others think. Never be afraid to ask your friends, family, or the people around you for a second opinion. It could lead you to a very good resolution.