Phones and Driving

Over the last few years there have been many records of death and/or Injury from being on your phone and driving. There are many laws in place to stop this act from happening, but just like with everything else, there's no way to fully stop it. Many people have different opinions on the subject. In this essay I will be explaining the two sides; good and the bad. How dangerous is it to operate a vehicle and a phone at the same time?

Six thousand people die each year in the US due to texting and driving. Cell phone use should be prohibited why you operate any piece of machinery. Things malfunction and can go wrong with your full attention on them. Don't give any room for error. You aren't only putting yourself into danger but everyone else around you as well. Anything you do besides watching the road and focusing on your surroundings is putting your life at risk. Anything can happen in two seconds without your eyes on the road. Think about how many times you almost got into an accident due to someone else not paying attention, but you're fine because you were. A phone takes that away from you.

There's not a good side to texting and driving. They've made many alternatives to not having to touch your phone while driving but still being able to operate it. We all have a virtual human on our phones who tells us directions or calls who we want based on us saying things like, "Hey Siri." They make phone holders for your dash, but that's sill dangerous because you shouldn't take your eyes off the road anytime the vehicle is in motion. Everyone uses a cellphone while driving because they feel like they must be in a rush to get a text sent or etc. It isn't safe to be distracted by anything while driving let alone something so addicting already like a cellphone.

In conclusion, trying to operate a vehicle and a phone at the same time is dangerous and life threatening. It takes one second to not be in an accident because you were too late. Just one second could change so many lives, and impact many more. You should stay focused on the road and arriving to your destination. That one missed phone call can be returned, and if not pull over somewhere safely and stay parked until you're done messing with your phone. Don't operate a phone and drive. The road requires your full attention.   