Online Classes

Working from home is great for people who have busy schedules, are sick, or just too lazy to get up and go to work. Working from home means, while working, one can still enjoy the comfort of their bed covers! School from home is just as great for students. Even though they're learning from home, it teaches students time management, helps students with busy schedules, and some kids could just be sick/injured and cannot attend school.

When students attend online schooling, they can better their time management skills. It teaches students that with freedom comes responsibility. They learn how to balance their time and responsibilities. Even though they get to sleep in everyday and go out when wanted, they still have to make time for classes. Students could set a scheduled time everyday so they know when to sit down and work on their school work while still getting to go out or be lazy. They can also finish it all in one time period as long as they're getting their work done.

On another note, sometimes students get sick and are stuck at home, or when they get injured and are stuck at the hospital, online school is great because they can just hop online and work. With today's technology, schools/colleges can provide live class recordings where they can watch the professor teach as he/she is going over the lesson. Teachers could also put most of the homework and classwork online so if they happen to miss the lesson they can pull out a textbook, or go read the online textbook, and get to work.

However, while online school is great for some students, theres always one that student who never gets their work done and just plays around. While in school teachers are teaching right in front of them. So, while they may not be paying very close attention in class, at least their brain can pick up what the teacher is saying. While with online school they can just blow it off. Also, even though they can watch a live class session it restricts students from being able to ask questions at the moment. They would have to write down all their questions and type them up and email them to the professor.

On the other hand though, it's more freedom. People could have busy lives and need to pick up a part time job, and while on break or before/after a shift they can open their computer and work on classes for a little bit. Some may also be attending another school but do online school for extra credits. It's easier for some because after their in-person classes, they can knock out their online classes and kill two birds with one stone.

In conclusion, online classes would be beneficial to students because of the busy lives some students face, and how they can learn whenever they have free time. When students are sick they can open a laptop and watch the daily lesson and complete their work after. As well as how online classes help teach students better time management skills when they're trying to balance school with their everyday life. 