Cars have been a great way of transportation that has been around since the early days. It's a fast and simple way of getting to where you need to be at the right time. However, there are many downsides to cars, also, especially when it deals with environmental circumstances. Therefore, car use should be limited due the fact that limitng car use will reduce greenhosue gasses, conserve resources we need in order to live that is nonrenewable, and allows for communities to be more connected by preserving the environment.

To begin with, car usage is becoming a major issue for the world today due to pollution. Greenhouse gasses are being leaked into the atmosphere each day to cars' transmission fuels. According to Source 1, it states, "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." These gasses damage ecosystems, and leave many environments unstable due to its destruction. It can also effect human beings, also. According to Source 2, the passage says, "Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals... Last week Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London, Reuters found." This pollution that is occuring around the world can damage our health if not taken care of. By limiting car usage, it would not only benefit the environment, but our health also.

Preceding on, along with the benefits of the envionment and our health, limiting car usage will also save help save many resources we use in cars that is nonrenewable resources. Nonrenewable resources are resources that can not be replaced when it is used up. These resources are resources that are important to our every day lives, as we've gotten used to having these resources and would suffer without them. According to Source 2, it states, "Diesel fuel was blamed, since France has... [a] tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in France, compares to 53.3 percent average of diesel engines in the rest of Western Europe, according to Reuters." Diesel is an important nonrenewable resouce that we need that is causing pollution and smog in many places. By limiting the car usage, it would conserve these resources.

Futhermore, limiting car usage would also help bring many communities together. If a whole community got together and decided to limit car usage with the whole community involved, it would give a sense of unity and benefit the community, also. An example of this was the residents of Vauban, Germany. In Source 1, the passage states "As a result, 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here. 'When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way,' said Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor." Due to the limiting of driving cars, many people actually felt more of a sens of relief rather than with cars. In Source 3, it says, " Bogota, Colombia -In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoif of traffic jams. It was the third straight yeat cars have been permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city of 7 million. The goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog." This community was able to come together as a whole in order to reach the goal of reducing smog and allowing for an alternative transportation method. By limiting car usage, communities are able to act more of a community rather than individuals.

All in all, limiting car usage would be beneficial to the world. The advantages of limiting car usage would be the reduction of greenhouse gasses and smog, the conservation of nonrenewable resources used in cars, and making communities stronger by coming together to stop the driving of cars. Cars are a big and major part of the world today, but it can be more beneficial to limit it rather than continue it.    