Dear State Senator,

I'm

NOT

in favor of keeping the Electoral College. I wouldn't like to keep the Electoral Collage because under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president.We are used to voting for the president and along with that president we would also have the counting of electoral votes, it's wrong. For example, If you lived in Texas, and wanted to vote for John Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. Who are the electors? They can be anyone not holding public office. Who pick the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes state coventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, sometimes the presidential candidates themeselves.

All i know that it isnt fair. All of are hard work voting shouldn't go towards them. It should go towards the person we are voting for. Isn't thats why we voted for them? So we can see them suceed. Making us feel like we suceeded because we made them feel welcome and worthy. Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always, and that's the problem. Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? Sometimes. And that's why

THIS

needs to stop. At them most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend thime in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad. If anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters in Ohio, they have yet to make it.

In conclusion, It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best argument in faor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. And the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best. Bob Dole is right: Abolish the electoral college!

I hope you take sometime to think this over.

- PROPER_NAME.    