Automobiles are the key essential to people's everyday life. It allows them to get from point A to point B. But the outcome from the rise of these machines, are the amount of pollution they had cause. Limiting there usage seems the right action to do. Our specimen has been living for thousands of year without automobilies. What's the point of using them if their risking the life of our enviroment.

An advantage of limiting cars could be that it lowers the amount of air pollution, which causes global warming. From Beijing to France, being as the most polluted cities in the world. Imagine the amount of smog and intensity that the people have to face, having gasoline being spewed on you. On the contrary, the city of Vauban being built in 2006. It has been a prime example of a glorious city without the needs of automobiles. Kids to adults living an prosperic life, riding bicycles or just taking a stroll down the sidewalk. The store is only a few blocks away, basically all you need is a pair of legs. The whole fault in our system is due to our lack of judgement. Having our malls or stores being built nearly miles away from homes, on paved roadways or highways. Obviously an automobile is needed, but this will only cause the major destruction of our enviroment. Limited transportation is when we really can tell if were able to stop this rapid growth of pollution.

Our generation of kids and adults, thinks that a car is mandatory. But in reality, not every individual should own a car. From 2001 to 2009, the decrease of teens from the age sixteen to twenty one obtaining driver's license. Has dramatically declined, due to the realization of the amount of money they could save. From taking public transportation or car-pooling with friends. It could help them save money, rather than spending money on gas. Which could range from $1.50 to $4.20, depending on the circumstances. These kids or adults could use that amount of money saved for future plans. Their are more pros than cons when limiting the usage of cars. The people of Bogota, Colombia celebrate a day without any vehicles. All you can see, is the broad smiles of the people's faces and utterly shocking the most, is that the streets are busy with people rather than automobiles. Imagine if were able to do such a thing, the amount of stress that would vanish. Dealing with traffic or pondering your mind to the amount of gas you need. It would simply just vanish in a blink of an eye.

If we were able to create vast systems of high tech highways to subways. Then we can manage to build programs or new forms of transportation. Without the hassle of using a vehicle, to spawning industrial factories where they are made from.  An prime example is New York's recent bike-sharing programs and its skyrocketing tunnel tolls. The main priority of this creation is to lower the usage of cars. Being one of the America's highly populated and dense cities. The scale or outcome of this program of limiting cars, could decide the factor if changes are possible. Then if so, then this new system can be an advantage or an example of what we can do to lower our usage of cars. That creates the majority of air pollution across the entire face of this planet.

In the end, the advantages of limiting cars or any form of transportation. Could lower the amount of air pollution, and the oncoming production of resources that affects our enviroment. But mainly create an atmosphere that will all humans alike to every single organism, to be able to live a prosperic life. Without the haze of dense smog, and stress of traffic jams. Thus, we can make or generate of new era of internal happiness.    