Have you ever needed advice on something that you really want to do? Asking multiple people is a big factor when you need advice. If you ask someone for advice they might only tell you the right things to do and not the bad things not to do. Everybody makes mistakes so, if you ask a person for advice that has made a mistake in that situation then, they probably will tell you what not to do. So reasons to ask multiple are important becasue,

You will be more educated,

You will be able to tell the difference from right and wrong,

And you'll Have a better chance at making the right choice.

My first reasoning is that people who talk to more than one person is going to be more educated on the subject. When you go to school and the teacher ask students about a book, some say the book was amazing and others might say it was horific. However, if you wanted to look into that book, asking students who hate and love the book is going to be important. You want to be able to know both sides of peoples opinions so you would have to ask both of the students. The good reasonings might make the book more interesting to you but other opinions might not so, this will help you decide what the best choice is going to be for you. In all getting multiple opinions will effect your choice to do something or not so, it is better to be educated than to know nothing.

Secondly, You will be able to get the opinions on what and what not to do by asking multiple people. If you want to get some advice on what classes you want to take in your future life for college, you would want to ask many people that have been in the same situation as you. Say you really want to take a buisiness class but you dont know if you would like it or not. In this type of situation you should talk to people like your teacher, parents, and maybe people that have been to college. You would probably want to know what is like so, your teacher can tell you what it is like and your parents would tell you if they liked it or not. They would tell you the pros and cons of doing that because they want what is best for you but, it is your choice. My point is that you want to ask multiple people so you know what is going to be the best choice for you.

Lastly, Asking multiple people is going to lead to you finding out the best option or choice for yourself. Say its your junior year and your finally going to get a car. You want to have the best car for you and a car to keep you safe right? Well in order to find out if a certain car is going to be perfect for you, then you should totally ask people that you know are going to give you the best option. Before anything you should ask your parents on what they would perfer or ask a near by dealership. The person at the dealership will guide you into choosing the best car for you. Your parents will tell you what they want you to have but ultimatley you have to make that choice. So asking many people will lead you into choosing the best option or in this case car but, my point is to make sure you have other people guiding you with advice, escpecially more than one person.

In Conclusion, talking to multiple people with boost your chances of making the best choice for whatever you are doing. However, always know that some opinions might be the cons and some might be the pros. Some people prefer to talk to multiple people becasue it gives them a since of what other people have done. You always want to have the highest chances of making the right choice in whatever you do so talk to multiple for advice. 