Some schools offer distance learning as a option for students to attend classes from home by a way of online or video conferencing. Schools offer this so that students who are troubled or don't like coming to school can still have a right to to learn and it also helps students who are very sickly to have access to all their classes and homework that they missed when their not at school.

Some students can not focus in class because they are easily distracted by other students and by these distractions they end up getting bad grades and it causes them to lose hope in school and even what they want to become in life. they could also have something happening outside of school that could affect them to not want to be in school anymore and they can also get bullied by other students which would make them stop coming to school and some kids are just better off staying a home and doing classes at home.

These online and distance learning classes can help students get back on track with school and catch up with their work that they missed. The students who want to be home schooled can wake up at anytime that they choose and do the work that is planned for them and the ones that don't like coming to school or the ones that get bullied can stay at home and get their work done without missing class and getting bad grades because of them not being their to do classwork or take test and quizzes. The students who are taking these classes can benefit from these a lot.

These programs can help students be able to their work on their own time and a have teacher who can teach them but online like at school and this can help students become independent in being able to do their work and help them stay away from trouble that they could be having at school and give them confidence to be able to do their work. I think this can benefit students because they are in the comfort of their homes and its like a regular class but it just online and you could get all your work done and by that you earn good grades.

If students who don't like coming to school,sickly and get bullied,always miss class and get bad grades because their are not their to take tests or quizzes then these online and distance class can benefit them to do work at the comfort of their home. It will also persuade them to not give up on school and give them a right to get their education before they throw it away. These online classes and distance classes can help teach these students as if they were in school and if they work hard enough they can get good grades. These are all reasons why these programs can benefit student.