What if you were doing a extracurricular activity and wanted to share the joy of it with everyone else? I do agree that students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Having a extracurricular activity helps students become more social, more active, and provides people with information that is not taught in school.

A extra curricular activity can allow people to become more sociable and make more friends. This is possible because there are probably other people who want to join the same clubs as other peers. People in the same club can then become friends with people that have the same interests that they do. For example, say you join a sports team. You must be able to work well with them in order to win games, therefore you must socialize with your other teammates and become friends with them.

Students can also become more active in exercising, school, the environment, and the community. Ways to become more active in exercising is by joining a sports team, in a sports team you exercise all the time in order to preform properly in your chosen sport. Students can become more active in school by joining the student council. When you join the student council you help organize events that can be seen as enjoyment for the other students, or it can help raise money for other school activities. Next, students can have a better impact on the environment. To do this students can join the gardening club or a

GO GREEN

club, which helps the plants and animals near your school. Lastly, by joining an extracurricular club you can also help your community. For example by joining

NJHS

or girl/boy scouts. These two clubs have you do activities that help out in the community, like helping the elderly or bagging food for the homeless.

Lastly, joining a extracurricular activity can provide students with a more in depth look on subjects that they are interested in. Therefore, it is wise for students to join clubs for subjects that are not taught in depth in school. For example science, art, or writing. This can also help students figure out what they want to do with their future, and if different activities would interest them or not.

In my opinion, I do agree that every students should be required to do a extra curricular activity. Even though having a extracurricular activity can allow less time for homework, or can negatively effect you grades. A extracurricular activity can benefit students in many ways from them becoming more active in school and the community, making more friends that could last a life time, or the can provide students with a bigger outlook on activities that they want to pursue when they get older. Therefore, I still believe that having an extra curricular activity is beneficial to students, people just have to work a bit harder to maintain the grades that they need for school. 