Better people in this world will lead to a better world. This is why it is very important to listen to people. Seeking multiple opinions is crucial when asking for advise. By receiving multiple opinions, a person can hear more of the truth, instead of just a biased response. By hearing more of the truth it becomes easier to make good decisions. Receiving multiple opinions can help a person make better choices for many things that people do in their everyday life like, sports, work, and even living at their home. By listening to people and making better choices people will become better versions of themselves.

If someone were wondering if they should play a sport or not they should ask many people for advice. They would get very different responses to playing some sports from their doctor than from their father. Also, they need to listen to advice from multiple people on the topic of when and how to get out of a sport. When receiving this advice a person might want to only listen to the person who agrees with them on a certain topic. However, the important part about receiving advice is finding the correct balance between everybody's opinion that they hear.

If someone were ever wondering if a presentation was good or if they were doing well at their job then multiple opinions is very important. In the work place people want to do the very best that they can. If you get advice from the same person every time and they say that you are doing great, the person receiving the advise still might not be what others in the workplace are looking for. If they received advice from multiple people, they would know what they need to get better at and become a better worker. If they become a better worker then they would start to make more money. Because becoming a better person makes you more likable, listening to multiple people could change a persons life in a positive way.

Many people in this world have problems with their lives at home, and don't always know how to fix it. This is a problem where it is important to make the right decision, which means it is important to listen to others. When it comes to the life that a person lives at their home it differs greatly between each person. Which means that if someone is receiving advise from someone else, then that advice might not be the right thing for the person receiving the advice to do especially with this topic. When asking for advice on a topic it is important to adapt the advice that they receive to fit their situation. Just because something worked for one person doesn't mean that it would work for another person.

Most people when asking for advise want to hear the truth. However, most people in this world are biased. This means that people have to make sure to listen to both sides of the story, which will help with a person's decision making. However, listening to people doesn't mean that you should do exactly what they tell you to do. Whenever someone gives advise the person receiving the advice must adapt the information to their specific situation. It is pointless to do something that worked for someone else if the person receiving the advise knows it won't work for them. Also, sometimes a teenager's advice could be what is needed, but it is normally better to listen to a trusted adult. Most of the time when a teenager listens to his peers, the teen's decision making skills decrease. A teen does not have the experience that an adult has. The teenager still has time to develop and become a more responsible person. Creating a better version of yourself is important to do in ones lifetime, and people can't do that without the advise of others. This is why seeking multiple opinions can help a person make better decisions and help a someone become a better version of themselves.