Learning what you will need to be successful later from your own home sounds awesome! Some schools offer students to learn at home from online classes or video conferencing with teachers and educational professionals. Having students attend school at home is a benefit because they can receive more help, they are able to focus more on school, and have more time to do things that interest them.

First, Students benefit from learning at home because they can receive more help that they need. When we are working alone and need help it is easier to receive one-on-one help. Also, not having others around you makes it easier to ask as many questions as you need to without having to interrupt someone else or to be rushed cause someone else has a question. Being able to ask questions one-on-one also helps so people do nt make fun of you for things you need help with. You are also able to go over your notes as many times as you need to before taking a quiz or test to make sure you understand. Also you can highlight and make you notes easy for you to understand things easily. Therefore learning at home helps you to do better and to get help that you need when you need it.

Secondly, getting your education at home helps you to focus on school more when u are in a small learning environment. Focusing becomes easier with a quieter place, which you are given when you are at home, compared to a class room with 20-30 students in it. When completing assignments you have the time you need to complete it and the time to focus so you do well and to look over it. Having people there to bother you is no longer a problem when you are at home learning because it is just you along with your family not a bunch of people. Focusing on your education so you can succeed later on down the road is a very important thing and learning at home gives the focus to you.

Finally, being able to work from home gives you more time to do things that you like to do. With being at home working you get to work on your own pace and get a lot or a little done at anytime within your deadlines. You are also able to do work at anytime or any day of the week because it is up to you when you work as long as it is done within the time frame given to you. Having time to spend with family and to do things like sports or hanging out with your friends is very important to you mental and emotional health and the time is made when you do work at home. Learning at home has made it easier for you to get time to do things that you enjoy but you get school done as well.

However, some say that learning through online classes or through video conferencing does not help the student learn what they will need to get the knowledge they will need for the real world. Students are not learning enough at home because they have easier access to looking up the answers or to someone telling the answers instead of being able to show the knowledge they know in the topic. But, others say that learning from the confront of your own home helps you do better and then you do not have to worry about how long you take and how much time that you take to review so that you are well prepared. Students receive their education through learning online just as well as they do sitting in a classroom.

In conclusion, schools should allow students to learn from distance classes such as online or through video conferencing. Having education options for students at home helps them to get more help whenever they need it, they are able to focus better, and to have more time to do things them enjoy. Everyone needs the option to help themselves do better. Let students learn wherever they will do the best and can succeed in life.