One topic that is frequently debated today is schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing would be benefit to student or not. Some people believe school should offer this program for students that need time for their morning routine. They feel that it would help students for do not need to have to wake up early and go to school. I believe distance learning program that school offer for students would not be benefit to students because students will not have a skill to communicate with other people, it will make students have less enthusiasm, and some students family did not have no internet or device to watch the video online teaching.

One reason why schools should not offer the distance learning program because it would make student get less skill from communicate with other people. When students go to school they will meet friends have a communication with each other or talk to their teacher. Communication is an important for every type of jobs. Communication is one of the most important thing that should have inside the lesson because every job or every company will hiring people that have good skill to communication with other people. Communication is almost every where inside the school but if school have to consent to have the distance learning program, it will affect to student to get a job by taking students away from their communication with other people.

Another reason why schools should not offer the distance learning program because it will make students have less enthusiasm to learn. Every morning students have to wake up early and get ready for school is one of the practice thing that will let student get ready for outside the world. Enthusiasm is one of the most thing that will help students to have more responsibility to their job or their self. Lack of the enthusiasm will make students have a lack of responsibility to their job or their self. However, if school consent the distance program it will make student get a lack of the enthusiasm and it will make students get lack of the responsibly to take care even them self.

Final reason why schools should not offer the distance learning program because some students did not have device or Internet at home to watch the online or video conferencing. There are many family that did not have the Internet at home and they will not be able to attend the classes at home and will not be able to watch the online or video conferencing. It will not be fair to the outer family that do not have a internet or device to get into the online or video conference to the family that have the internet or device to use. Therefore, school should not consent the distance learning program to make all the students equally.

As you have read, I believe distance learning program that school offer to students would not be benefit to students and affect to students by take students to the bad position. School is the learning place for students to get a knowledge. If we are going to have only the online teaching, school will not exist. Only when we value the learning in class, communicating with friends, and being equal with other we will feel that school is a good place for studying and getting the knowledge. On that day the world will better to have school full with students that have a good knowledge and ready for out world.