Do you like to be given multiple good opinions instead of just one? Being given multiple opinions or viewpoints on a situation can be much more helpful than just one. The three reasons multiple opinions are better than just one is: You have more overall brain power and knowledge, a variety of opinions to use to benefit yourself, and the advice you are given may be incorrect, not helpful, or you may not like it; Therefore, having another opinion to lean on can be very useful when a scenario like this occurs.

The first reason I declared why multiple opinions are better is you gain more knowledge about how your peers or even the public views things. For example, just recently baseball season started up again, and I needed a new baseball bat. So, I began browsing online, reading reviews for each bat and seeing what comments or opinions people had about them. I asked my father and some of my teammates for their opinions on which bat to purchase. I asked not just whether the bat was good or bad, but what were some features they liked and some features they disliked about it. Every time I heard someones opinion, I acquired some of the information they told me. Using that I was able to make a smart and thought out decision on which baseball bat I should purchase.

Next, my second reason is talking to more people for their opinion on something means you will have either a mixed variety of opinions or a large number of people with the same opinion on something. Currently, across the world we are experiencing a global health crisis with the rapid spreading of the Coronavirus. Say for instance, you are head of the school board and you have to make a decision for your whole county as to whether or not our schools should be closed or not. The safety of our students, staff, and teachers relies on your decision. If you go around and collect everyone's opinions, you can combine them to come up with the best idea possible. Hearing as many people's opinions as you can and combining them is very beneficial when making decisions.

Lastly, my third and final reason to prove that having multiple people voice their opinions is better than just one is that you may not always find a persons advice helpful. If you ask one person for an opinion on something and you don't find it useful, you have nothing else to help you. On the other hand, if you have collected multiple opinions from multiple people, instead of just one, it doesn't matter if you don't like someones advice. You will still have more pieces of advice or opinions from different people to use for your benefit. That is why when asking for opinions, it is crucial to hear and collect one from multiple people, not just one person.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions is very beneficial. Only hearing one opinion is alright, but hearing more than one is only that much better. My three reasons I have this claim are, a persons advice simply might not be helpful to you and having a variety of opinions that you can refer to and use for help is important. My last reason, with hearing more people's opinions you can acquire more knowledge, and in the end, knowledge is key.                