Thousands of accidents happen in one year. Most of the causes of the accidents come from being cellphone which make you distracted. That one text you send can change your whole life in one second. That one phone call or that one text message is not worth your life. Drivers should be cautious when they are on the road, the road is very dangerous. The only reason that you should be on your phone is to look at GPS, anything that is not an emergency should not be important. Therefore, that mean the phone is not no where near more important than your life.

Cell phones can be a big distraction in your driving skills. The minute you look down at your phone is the minute your life can be taken away. You should have an hoaster in your car for your phone so that it won't in your hands. The phone should never be in your hands while you are driving the car. The road is too dangerous to not be focus on the road. You should an 100% focus on the road at all time. The only time that you should be on your phone is for the GPS or if it is very important. Your life is way more important than being on the phone, scrolling on social media, or sending a text. Why do you think in Georgia the cops are enforcing that you must have a phone hoaster to use your phone. It is getting serious from all these accidents from the drivers been distracted on the road.

Cell phones is a big factor in people daily life, that's why you see a lot of advertisement saying don't text and drive or don't use your phone while driving.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  