The face that NASA found on mars was not made by aliens. The Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia and got better pictures than the Viking did and it showed that there was no alien monument, it was just a natural landfrom. The picture shows the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, which are landforms common around the American West. Lastly the picture that the Viking took was not very good quality compared to the pictures took in 2001.

One reason that the Face on Mars was not made by aliens is because the Mars Global Surveyor got the best picture of it in 2001 and it just turned out to be a natural landform. In line 11 it says that "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size," he also added. "So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!"

Another reason that the Face was not made by aliens is that the face is the equivalent of as butte or a mesa, which are landforms common around the American West. In paragraph 12 it compares the Face on Mars to the Snake River Plain of Idaho. The Snake River Plain of Idaho is a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa that is about the same height as the Face on Mars.

The pictures that the

Mars Global Surveyor took in 2001 were a lot more clearer than the pictures took by the Viking in 1976. In paragraph 10 it says that Malin's team captured an amazing picture using the camera's absolute maximum resolution. Each pixal in the 2001 photo spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixal in the best 1976 Viking photo. This proves how bad the quality was in the 1976 photo taken by the Viking. Also, it proves that it was not a good photo and that the 2001 photo shows so much more and is way better quality. Other people might say that in the photo of '98, taken by the cmaera on board the MGS had to pear through wispy clouds to see the face, which made the alien markings hidden by the haze. Then the picture or 2001 proved that there was no alien markings and that the Face was just a landform.

In conclusion, this is why I believe that the Face of Mars was not made by aliens and is just a natural landform. First of all, The Mars Global Surveyor got better quality pictures than the Vikning did. Also, the 2001 picture shows that the Face is the equivalent to a mesa or butte, which are landforms that are common in the American West. Lastly, when you compare the '76, '98, and the '01 picture side by side you can tell that the '98 and the '01 pictures are more clear and show that the Face is just a landform.