The advantages of limiting car usage are overwhelming. Even so much as a car-free day as Bogota Columbia has been doing for the past three years is majorly beneficial. Limiting car usage has been sweeping around the world. It is stated that "passenger cars are responsible for almost 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50 percent in the United States. This indicates that the continuous usage of all these automobiles needs to be acknowledged and limited.

Located in Vauban, Germany is a suburb where there are no cars and life goes on, according to Elisabeth Rosenthal. A resident of the suburb, Heindrun Walter, says,"When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." This movement of separating suburban life from auto use is called "smart planning", and is a growing trend in the United States and Europe (Rosenthal 5). In the passage it clearly says that "...as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles...chatter of wandering children drown our the occasional distant motor." This fantasy like state is possible with the cutting of auto usage.

Paris, France had a partial driving ban enforced when they had days of near record pollution in the air. By doing so Robert Duffer writes,"Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France". With this information the thought that the car gas emissions were obviously a huge component in the horrible pollution comes about. On the other hand in Bogota, Columbia they are and have been having a car-free day by choice. The turnout was large even with gray skies and showers. "The rain hasn't stopped people from participating," says Bogota Mayor Antanas Mockus. Another person, Carlos Arturo Plaza, said,"It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," while riding his bike with his wife. The city's parks and sport centers have been blooming along with the construction of sidewalks and new restuarants and shopping areas, writes author Andrew Selsky. This is important because it shows the beneficial and positive outcomes limited car using has. Not only is it neccessary for you but it is essential to the world and atmosphere around us.

Lastly, in the United States President Obama has been working hard to curb the greenhouse gas emissions. Many statistics have come down showing that America's love affair with its vehicles is cooling, according to Rosenthal. Sociologists have said that is this pattern presists the implications will be beneficial to the environment. Many young people now do not make driving one of their priorities. They organize to car-pool or take public transportation to get to where they need to go. The reality of it is if you can do something to help a major crisis in this world and give yourself an advantage they why not do it? Limiting car usage is more important than you think, and without doing so you can miss out on major opportunity, motivation, and forward moving.                                     