Most people ask more than one person for advice there are many reasons for this but I'm going to say three reasons why I think people asking more than one person for advice is good.

One reason I think must people do this is to see which idea was the most responses. Another reason is you could test every idea that you get.

One last reason is some of the people could agree with the other person.

People try to ask a good amount of people just in case they hear more than one response from someone.

This is good to hear a lot of ideas and to see how many you get from the people you ask.

Don't ever be afraid to ask for advice from more than one person.

Maybe you have had to do this maybe you have had someone else ask you for advice.

Well i sure did I've had lots of times where I have asked someone in my family for advice.

Sometimes you are able to test some of the ideas you get.

This depends on what type of advice you are trying to take from someone.

Maybe you might be building something small like a shed and you have never built something before but you are determined to build it.

So you go and ask a friend that you know to tell you a few things on doing this job but before you go and build you go and practice on something so you know what to do.

I can relate to this you may even be able to relate.

I'm trying to build a tree house and I have had to ask for advice on building the treehouse.

The last reason is that one of the people you asked for advice may say or think the same thing as someone else that you asked for advice for.

Some don't think all the same things if you were to ask a bunch of people for advice they will not all give you the same answers but they will sometimes have the same meanings to them.

I think everyones ideas and try to show respect and listen but I don't take too much advice just in case that advice doesn't sound quite right like I said before don't be afraid to ask someone for advice.

Some people will disagree with my three reasons but I don't like to listen to the people who disagree with my reasons.

Maybe this helped you maybe it didn't.

To see which ideas was the most responsive ideas, you could test every idea you asked for and some might agree with one of the other ones you took advice from those are my three reasons on why most people take advice from more than one person.