Over the summer students tend to forget a vast amount of valuable information they learn during their education. To fix that issue most schools assign summer projects to students every year. These projects assure that students retain the information they learned in school and possibly learn more over the long three month break. In most cases, these projects are teacher-designed and students have no part in the creation of them. Some students may want to design the summer project; however, it should stay as the teachers responsibility. Summer projects should be teacher-designed because teachers have more knowledge and teachers know how to creating projects.

To begin, summer projects should be created by teachers because of how much information they know. In order to teach students, it is common knowledge that an educator has to know more than the learners. The summer project is meant to not only help students retain information, but also to learn more, and teachers are easily capable of adding that needed information. If there is a greater amount of information on the project, then students will be able to remember what they have learned. An example of such a project would be The Summer Reading Project because of how much material is sprawled into it. The Summer Reading Project is when students read a book over the summer and are required to fill out a paper with details of the book. This project reminds students of what they learned in English class and also helps students learn more by reading new books. This well thought out project is teacher-designed; therefore, teachers are more capable of creating summer projects than students because they have more knowledge. Either way, teachers having been learning how to teach most of their life should know best on how to create summer projects.

To elaborate, teachers should design summer projects because they know how to create projects better than any student. Teachers learn how to teach and create projects for their students before they can even start educating them. This means that most teachers have experience with creating projects already and that making a summer project would be an easy task. Students have no background in creating projects because they are always the ones who complete them. Therefore, students creating their own projects would most likely end up as a disaster. A scenario like this would be chaos because students rely on teachers to give them the information required to learn, and they can not get that material if they are the ones creating the project. Teachers know how to make projects, so they should be in charge of the construction of summer projects.

On the other hand, some people do believe student-designed summer projects would be more beneficial. This is because it could teach a student how to be responsible or learn on their own. However, many students today are extreme procrastinators and because of that their work would likely be average or below average. Teacher-designed projects are better because there would be a system that students can use to understand information better. If students were in charge it would become a jumbled messy puzzle of a project.

To end, summer projects are better off being created by teachers because teachers are more knowledgeable and know how to create projects better than any student. Teacher-designed summer projects are extremely beneficial for students. New information learned from these projects provided by teachers can help students be prepared for what comes the next year. It is important to have a system in projects and the best people to create that system in the summer projects are teachers.