I do not support the principals decision to make it mandatory for all students to take an after school activity. Students already have so much things they have to do on a daily bases that adding one more thing on their plate might just break the students. Students are already occupied with the massive piles of homework they get assigned each day that they might not have time for an extracurricular activity, not only that but some students have religious or family obligations and can not make time for an extracurricular activity, other students need extra help to pass their classes such as tutors that take up a majority of their time.

Many students take advanced courses that assign hours and hours of homework. They will not be able to do all that homework and an extracurricular activity without lacking in school or compromising sleep. A study was taken on students and their home life by

Teen Insider it stated that 80% of middle school students do five hours or more of homework every night. Doing five hours of homework and an extracurricular activity is to much for a student to handle, they will not have enough time to sleep and wake up agsausted. As the students get more tired and stressed their grades will drop forcing them to do more studying and eventually having to drop their extracurricular activity so they would have more time to do homework and spent time with family. Not only will they end up dropping out of the extracurricular their grades would also get significantly lower. Another study shows by

Teen Insider shows that 90% of teens as constantly stressed out and unhappy. Students do not need added stress of a forced after school activity that they may not even enjoy; as it is, students dont have enough time to be themselves with all the homework and studying that needs to get done. Instead of forcing students to do extracurricular we should make it their choice and let them spend their time how they want to spend it. Not only do students have tons of homework preventing them from doing an after school activity they also might be part of a religion or have family issues that requires a majority of their time and therefor not have time for that extracurricular activity.

Many students need to help their family or attend service restricting them from doing a after school activity. These students might need to take care of a younger sibling or attend a church or mosque and not time time to get everything they need to do done with an added extracurricular. A study taken by

US Teens states that 75% or middle school students have religious or family obligations restricting them from attending an after school activity. These students have so many responsibilities that another might make them to stressed and busy to worry about school. Their grades will also go down because they are rushing to get all their responsibilities done. A survey was taken on these teen and all of them said that they would not have time to do an extracurricular and if they were forced to they would loose sleep ans their grades would drop. These student were reported saying " I have too much to do to have to worry about an after school activity" or that " If I had the time I would take an after school activity but right now I have to go to a church every day and can not make time for another extracurricular." These students not only have tons of other obligations but some also need extra help with school and they can not participate in an after school activity.

Some student have tutors and they need extra help with school. They spend all their time doing homework or studying that they could not possibly fit in another activity. There way another study taken by VA times saying that 50% if the kids in Virginia need extra help and that they spend 6-8 hours daily doing homework. These students can possibly add an extracurricular activity and if they are forced that grades are bound to get even worse. They do not have enough time for themselves much less for a whole club. They would let the club down because they would not go often and when they do they will not appear dedicated because they have so much more to worry about. They would most likely get kicked out of the club and have to find a new one. During that time their grades will drop, their mood will get worse, and get less sleep. We should not be forcing students to do something they do not want to or something that they physical can not do. We need to work on providing help to these students filing their classes rather then pilling more things on their ever expanding list of things to do.

It is not right for the principal to make it mandatory for students to take extracurricular activities especially when the have so much to do. Students have family mattes that they need to take care of, homework that needs to get done, and tutors that they need to see. They are not getting enough sleep and instead of lightening their load we are adding more things they need to do. This is not right and I wont allow it to happen. I hope you will also take a stand against this unjust act of depriving students of their life.