"But America's love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling", quote from the excerpt "The End of Car Culture", explains that people in the United States have started to become less dependent on cars. Not only Americans, but people all around the world such as people from Germany, France, etc. Reasonings for the recent drop in car usage is that there are problems with air pollution, bikes and other transportations that do not involve the use of cars also give place more space to make more town centers and sports complexes, and cars can be a very difficult machine that causes many problems for people everyday.

Smog has become a very big problem for France. France has blamed diesel fuel as the reason for the smog problems. Diesel is favored more than gasonline due to a tax policy, diesel makes up over 67 percent of vehicles in France. The smog in France was so heavy that it, "rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world" according to an article by Robert Duffer. Smog is a very big issue that should not be taking place it can cause many health problems. France decided that the smog was getting out of hand so they began a "Car-free day", this meant that people would not be using their cars for a whole day and some people would not agree with this idea. France started these "Car-free days" with the people who had even numbered license plates and then the next day would have cars with odd numbered license plate would not drive their cars. The consequence for not following this rule was a $31.00 or 22-euro fine. Many people were fined the next few days and twenty seven people had their cars impounded due to their reaction of the fine. This "Car-free day" helped to reduce the smog problem in France.

When people use any type of transportation other than a car they would be able to have many more places to go and have a good time. When people are using cars and other motor vehicles they are also causing more and more construction for new roads and places for cars to be able to park. If people rode bikes and walked more than we would have more places for people to build shops and complexes that are all together and easy to get to. In Vauban, Germany most residents there live a life without the use of cars. "The streets of Vauban are completely "car-free"- except the main thoroughfare", stated in the Article by Elisabeth Rosenthal. Only 30 percent of people in Vauban's familys own cars, the other 70 percent do not own cars. More than half of that 70 percent sold their cars just to live in Vauban. In Vauban they have begun to create more sidewalks that are better accesible for bikes and walking. This has created more room for people to construct new stores and places that are walkable distance for citizens, so less car usage could lead to many new places such as shops, stores and even new sports complexes.

Cars can be very difficult machines that cause many problems for people everyday. They can just stop in a matter of seconds and people would not know what happened, causing people to get their cars checked out at a car-shop and paying more money to get the problem fixed. If people began walking or using bikes as transportation they would not only be saving money but would lower the problems they would be having getting to and from places. Not using cars can save so much money for people because they would not have to pay much gas and they would not have to go to get their cars fixed almost every year. Even with bikes there might be a problem such as getting a flat tire or the chain popping off, even those little things would cost only a few dollars where as a trip to the car-shop would cost a least $100.00 out of pocket.

Limiting the use of cars can potentially save places from smog and more air pollution. Not using cars as much can leave more space for places to be built, instead of using the space as a parking lot people could use that space as a place for shopping or sports complex. Car-free day could even be a very helpful idea that might change the peoples minds to use other types of transportations besides a car. Having no cars could save a numerous amount of money for a lot of people. They will save money by not having to get a lot of gas and they will save money on not having to fix their cars almost every year. So limiting the use of cars could become a potential idea that can help people around the world.                                           