Cell phones, almost every teen owns one. A cell phone is a way of communication with friends, family and business associates. Now, should students be aloud to use cell phones during free times and lunch periods? I think so.

Most schools do not allow cell phones to be used during free times and lunch periods. But, not being able to used cell phones at all would make someone more tempted to use it during class. Giving a student the privilege of being able to use their cell phones during free time and lunch periods could help lower the amount of "phone users in class." If a student is caught in class using their phone the teacher could simply take away the privilege for the student to have use of the phone during free time and lunch periods and, they could also remove the phone from the students possession. And, no student wants to have their phone taken away; therefore the student will not have the phone out during class.

The students could simply turn off their phone after these approved times for use. This will also help tech the students that if you do not follow rules, then there will be consequences. This will help the student prepare for later in life. This will teach students to follow rules and help keep themselves out of trouble. There are students who never use their phones during class, and these students should not have to be punished because some students can not keep their cell phones turned off. This idea might just be a very good one.

If the idea of letting students use cell phones during free times and lunch periods does prove to be a fail, then the school could always just go back to no cell phones on at school rule. There is no harm at just giving this idea a chance. The idea might just be very successful. Just because there is a change made to the way things are, that does not mean they must stay that way forever. All they have to do is change the rules back to the way they were.

So, take a chance see if letting students use cell phones during free times and lunch periods is a good idea. Who knows it might be a very good choice.                  