Summer projects are what most students dread during their break, but they are necessary for students to keep expanding their minds during the summer. Most of the time these projects are designed by the teachers, but normally those projects are not as fun to do. While student-designed projects would be more interesting for a student to learn from and they would enjoy it more. Summer projects should be student-designed because it would be easier for the students to understand, it would give more reason for students to do it and put effort in to the project over their summer vacation, and it would be an appealing and fun method of learning for the students.

These student-designed summer projects are normally easier to understand for students. Generic_Name is a student at a middle school and he has to do a summer project, which was a project about what is the hardest part of school and creating a PowerPoint on it which was created by a student in his grade. When his summer started,Generic_Name could clearly read what he is supposed to do for his project and he could get to it right away. He created one of his most enjoyable PowerPoints because it was easier for him to talk and write about, when it was teacher designed, the project was about explaining into depth why ones years in middle school are the hardest years of schooling, he took a lot of time trying to understand what the project really was and how it worked. Generic_Name could understand the project more since it was made by a student and it would be easier for a student to understand a student than a student trying to understand a teacher. Generic_Name is a 5th grade student who has a summer project. Going into 6th grade next school year, Generic_Name has to do a project on what middle school is going to be like for him as a student, which is what he has to think about anyways since he is going into middle school. Students in his grade would know what kids their age would understand and what they are normally thinking of which was in his case going into middle school. In student-designed projects for the summer, students would understand these projects more because students understand what other students are thinking of and are going through.

These type of summer projects would give students more of a reason to put effort and actually do the project. Generic_Name, a student who wants to become a website designer, is asked to do a summer project in his IT class. The project was creating a poster of something one would like to do for their profession in IT, this project was created by a student in his IT class whom which knew that students would not like a project about one topic. When it got to the summer Generic_Name was more motivated to get his project done because he could talk about his passion which was website design. Generic_Name put more effort into his project because it was created by a student who understood other students would not like to talk about a single topic. Generic_Name, a photography student, has a summer project on what their summer vacation is like in pictures for his photography class, this project was made by a student in his photography class. Generic_Name put more effort into it because it is something he found interesting and he had more of a reason to take pictures of even though years prior his teacher made projects about taking a photograph of an exotic animal and write a paper about it, he liked this idea for a project because he could just enjoy his summer vacation while also doing his summer project at the same time. Students find these summer projects more interesting and put more effort into it because they are made by other students in their classes.

Summer projects that are student-designed would likely appeal to students making them more fun for the students learn during the project. A high school engineering class is given a summer project, they are asked to build a model rocket, which was a project idea created by a student. The class when they went on summer vacation, had more fun because they got to build something that was more interesting, appealing, and fun for them as students and as young engineers. These students also learned a lot about how rockets work and how the engineering process goes into them. An AP history class is given a summer project, which they are asked to create an alternate historical scenario in which something that happened in history, just did not occur or was altered a little bit, this project idea was created but a student in this AP history class. The students in this class during their summer spent time researching a specific event that they found interesting and tweaked it to their liking, this gave them the power to do whatever they want with history and they found it fun because they learned more about specific events in history and got to change them to completely different scenarios. Summer projects that are student-designed are more fun to the students in these classes because students in those specific class would know what other students would find fun and appeal toward them.

Student-designed summer projects are better for students than teacher-designed ones because they are more for fun for the student to make, they are easier to understand for the students because students learn more from other students, and they would put more effort into those projects because students know what other students in their grade like. Summer projects are a lot of work for students, but if students were allowed to design these projects so that they would appeal to other kids in their classes or their grade more students would do those summer projects and expand their knowledge on topics they should learn or want to learn more about. Overall, summer projects would have more students working on them with strong effort if they were made by students. 