Are driverless cars really necessary? Most of us know how to drive already so why have a computer do it for us. I personally don't see a need for these kind of cars. As of now they still need a driver behind the wheel so whats the difference?

My main point for not wanting these cars around is the fact that they're most likely going to be very expensive. There are cars that are labeled "luxury" that go for hundreds of thousands of dollars and whose to say that these cars won't be up there with them. All the technology and all of the research that goes into these will come with a pretty large price tag. If it does have a large price tag on it then it will only reach the elite as most luxury cars do now. Most Americans today don't have enough money to buy an everyday car. Only the famous, wealthy population will get to own this car.

How will this car affect others? If this car is affordable to most of the population and most people get one, will we still need to go to a Drivers Education class? The answer will be yes. Since these cars are not yet fully able to drive themselves, you will still have to take some kind of course to learn how to drive these cars. Now the course will change drastically. There might even be a different course made so people could take a course on how to manually drive and a course to learn how to "drive" in an autonomous car. There will most likely be new rules on how to stay safe behind the wheel of a car that can almost drive on its own.

When, and if, these cars become mass manufactured, we might be in for some law changes. New laws on handling these cars, new laws about where and when you can drive and even age limitations. I think with these cars the government is going to make us get a special licence to operate these cars. I would think this licence would be available to people 18 and over who have had 2+ years of driving experience and have taken a course to learn all they can about controlling these cars. This way if they do encounter a rough patch where they had to take control, they would be prepared and know how to take control.

Lastly, are these cars in any way better than manually driving a car?

Cell phone laws won't change so what's the need to have your car drive for you? You would still have to keep your eyes on the road to be prepared for taking control when needed. They are almost synonymous with cruise control. You don't have to keep your foot on the gas but when a stop light, turn or some other action arises that you can't stay at the same speed for, you have to cancel the cruise control and put your foot back on the gas.

What if you just so happen to not be ready to take control? GM has created a seat the vibrates when drivers need to take control. I think something more alerting would be needed so people would know it's an emergency and they need to pay attention.

In conclusion, i think these cars are a waste of time. We should just stick to driving by ourselves so we know whose to blame and don't have to file lengthy lawsuits to see if the company's responsible or not. It would just be another unecessary hazard on the road that no one is ready for.