Scientist say that a long time ago, Venus could have been the closest planet to how Earth is now. Even though it has become exstreamly dangerous and unhabitable on land. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The author in this article supports this idea very well by including details about how venus is dangerous.

The author begins by talking about Venus' history as a planet. He referrs to it as Earth's "twin" becasue of the planet's simmularities. The author says, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." This sentence helps develope the authors point of how Earth and Venus are twins. Before this though, the author described how dangerous Venus has become and how it has almost become impossible for scientists to send a robot to the planet. Although, the author does say that it wouldn't be impossible to live there. The author also says that if a vehicle hovered about thirty or so miles above the suface, temperatures would be hot, but the pressure would be the accuivalent to sea level on Earth. After this, the author includes that solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth's levels. After this, the author moves on to show what scientists are doing to study the planet so that maybe one day we can live there, or atleast visit for a longer period of time. Scientists are studying older technologies that do not use electricity, but can calculate number and withstand harsh conditions. One example the author uses of this is the mechanical computer. After this, the author goes into detail about how it was used in world war two and how with the right metal, it could possibly withstand Venus' conditions. To finish off the paragraph, the author talks about how modern computer that use electricity are often more delicate, to show why the scientists are using this older technology. The author then wraps the imformation that has been said all together by saying, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by danger and doubts, but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation."

In conclusion, the author in this article supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents very well by including details about how venus is dangerous, how we could live their, and what scientists are doing to study the planet. The supporting details of how Venus used to be, to how it's changed from paragraghs two to four, helps paint a clear picture for any reader. Details like the imformation in paragraph five, that give us insight on how we could one day live on Venus, allow the reader to truly understand the authors point of view. Also the contrast of technologies in paragraph seven helps the reader understand a strong point of why we should continue to pursuit Venus. I don't know about you, but I sure hope one day I can visit Venus!      