A driverless car is a have to have item! Think about all the benefits the car could offer. Imagine not having to constantly steer the wheel to a destenation 3,000 miles away! Consider the saftey and cost that the car offers too.

Cars arent cheap, not even in todays world. Especially a car that monuvers its self throughout the streets! Ask yourself if the price is worth the actual car. A car that has all these extra accessories clearly needs more checkups to see if the car is running in the best shape it can. Companies such as BMW, Mercedes Benz, the google car, are all very pricey. These cars are often used by people in the upper class percentile. A car introduced by one of these companies are more than likely going to be at a high price!

Creating a car with cameras, sensors, etc all these extra objects will have an imapct on the company because they have to pay the workers there too whom will now have to be trained how to apply these extra wires, objects, etc. Price is something you should take into consideration.

Companies have to be aware of the problems the car may face. What if a part gets damaged or stops working for any reason! Will it be the companies fault or the person? The saftey of this car has to be garanteed to make sure the person is well satisfied! The cameras might be a consideration to this car because if there is ever an accidant , the camera will always be aware of whats happening to see what failed or if the person was not paying attention. That way the company wont have to deal with people trying to sue or any laws. I feel like as if saftey is everything because you are putting your trust in the manufactures! What if something goes wrong and its not the persons fault? This may all have a very big impact on all of us. Especially new drivers who are young.

Imagine the awesome benefits! Long road trips with the people you love! If all goes right the car can break for you and or warn you, etc. Driverless cars could be a dream come true to people who simple do not have time to be on the rode or for medical reasons they can rush themselves to the hospital! A lot of great things coming in the near future.

In conclusion, you should always be aware of whats around you and whats happening! Especially about topic like this. You might find yourself in a car like this one day or someone you may know. Saftey and price should be taken into consideration and think about all the benefits that contribute to the car! 