We ALL strive to make good choices in life, that goal is very hard to obtain without the help of others. Talking to multiple people before making decisions is an essential thing to do because we can learn from mistakes others made and make the best possible decision. It's impossible to know everything and make perfect choices on our own, that's why our peers are here to help.

It's very important to talk to others that have made the same or similar decisions that we will be making so we don't make the same mistakes they made. For example, I once saw my friends planned to fight after school on Friday. I didn't want to tell on them but I also didn't want them to fight. I asked my parents and a couple of my friends for advice. I took all of the advice and eventually got them to call off the fight without any adults knowing. My dad the told me that he made the mistake when he was younger of letting his two friends fight and they both got in trouble. Since I asked many people for advice, I avoided making the same mistake he made. People that commit crimes don't seek advice or different opinions so they end up doing what they think is good and that's not always right. It's easy to think that a criminal would see other criminals in jail and be discouraged, but that's not the case. They end up making a bad choice because they refused to seek out different opinions and advice before they acted. It may seem hard to make the right choice and not mess up but others are there to help make the right decision for everyone.

Important people like a CEO or the President of the United States don't make decisions for their corporation or the U.S. on their own, they talk to many of their peers first for advice. The best possible decision isn't always what benefits you the most. You must take others into account when you're decision making. That's why it's important to converse with others so you can get their point of view and their advice. The right decision is what's best for everyone, not just yourself. In some cases, there isn't a choice that will benefit everyone. In those times it's important not to doubt yourself because that will lead to a unfavorable outcome. For example, there was a time when I had to choose between staying home from school and helping my sick mom, or going to school and helping with a group project where I as the leader. My gut feeling was to stay home but I couldn't let my group down. I ended up staying home because my mother is more important than school. I did have to do make-up work because I missed school but I was glad that I had helped my mom. I felt that was the best choice I could make. The right decision shouldn't benefit us the most; the right decision lies within other needs.

Perfect choices don't happen when thinking to ourselves. It's the decision maker's job to converse with smarter people so they can make the choice that benefits everyone. Everyone's point of view is important and deserves to be shared. Advice can come from anyone, this advice helps make the truly perfect choice.