Have you ever wondered exactly what other people were thinking or feeling? Do you know students who are often confused when they learn? Have you ever considered what it would be like if you could tell what other people were feeling exactly? A new technology called Facial Action Coding System has been tested to find the exact emotions of other people. For example, in the first sentence of the first paragraph it describes Mona Lisa's exact emotions in percentages. Many people wonder if this new technology could be useful in a classroom to detect whether children reallly understand a concept or if they just say they understand.

Children in school are often confused with a certain subject and are too embarrassed to speak up. Some people sugjest that the new technology Facial Action Coding can change that. In paragraph 6 of " Making Mona Lisa Smile"

it states " ' A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,' Dr. Huang predicts. ' Then it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor'"(Nick D'Alto, Mona Lisa Smile). Dr. Huang suggests that if we brought this technology into the schools then some children may be able to succeed. Teachers with this technology could use it to improve their lesson to captivate the students or help them individually.

The children could benefit from the teachers improved lesson by getting more involed in the classroom. Overall if children were introduced to this technology, They would succeed not only in shcool, but in life too.

The author of this passage has pointed out some very interesting facts. The author has pointed out the fact that children may not have the best attention span and may not understand what is going on. The author suggests that people should bring technology into schools to improve the likelyhood of the child succeeding. many studies have shown that this technology works, so the author wants the children to have a shot at becoming the best they can be. Technology used in schools like this can benefit the next generation of doctors, educators, and politions. Facial Action Coding can bring fun back into a classroom and help students in the long run. 