Did you know that when people are giving you advise someone else told that person the same thing! This is why some people probably don't have advise for you when you ask for some. But when people ask for advise they will most likely ask their family members, people who inspire them, and their current or old teachers.

When a person is going to ask for advise the first people they will probably ask is their family members. The first people in the family that would most likely ask is their parents. The reason for this is because they have been living with them most or their life or even their whole life. The next people in their family that they would ask would probably be their grandparents. Everyone I feel like thinks their grandparents are old and wise and know every thing but they I got admit they do have some good advise. The last person in the family someone would ask would be their brothers or sisters. You have been living with them most if not part of your life, and you wanted to move you could ask them for places they have been to that they liked or the best moving company. People ask what if you don't have any family members to look up to well who is been your inspiration in life.

Other people that you can ask or look up to for good advise is the people who inspire you. Say you don't a person who inspires you. Well you always have your parents or other family members. Most of time people who inspire you, you can most likely never see once in your life in person, so what do you do. You can go on the internet and search famous quotes that they said, or you can watch some television shows or YouTube videos of them talking inspirational. A person who can even inspire you could even be your friends. You have been with your friends your whole life so you always ask for good advise because they care for you. Well what if you don't want to ask someone who inspires you, well almost everyone went to school growing up so you always have your teachers.

While growing up almost everyone went to school and while you their everyone had teachers to teach you life skills. Most teachers you have had posters all over the walls with good quotes or great advise. You can always look at these posters and use them in your everyday life. A teachers job is to teach you life skills that you can use as a adult. So when a teacher give you advise you always use that advise any day of your life. Even after school is over you can still go back and ask them. The reason being is that they care for you, even if you were a bad student they will still help you. In the long run if you need help from a teacher you can always just stay after school and ask, go back if you have already left the school, or even look at those inspirational posters.

In conclusion their are lot of different people that you could get advise from. You can get advise from your family, people who inspire you, and your old or current teachers. Next time if I'm looking for good advise I would defiantly see one of these people.