For me I'm againts with this technology because you can't just show others what they feel because some people may not like to show their feelings with others. Sometimes technology makes mistakes too technology is not always right. Can technology actully calculate emotions like math homework? I don't think so because not because they are showing sad emotion it doesn't mean that they are sad. The new technology might sometimes wrong.

Does expression in the mirror suggest an emotion? of course you can tell what emotion what others is showing in the mirror. Can computer tell what emotion does a person is showing by just looking at it of course not. Can technology indicate the difference between a genuine smile and forced one. I don't think computer can detect a fake smile because it didn't say that the new technology can tell if a person is showing fake smile or real smile. whoever thought that making making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotion.

To an expert, faces don't lie, these muscular clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isn't being truthful. Other people can tell other people faces if they are not being truthful. I know that technology can solve anything but we made them we program them thats why technology can detect our emotions, that means that technology is not the one who is telling our emotion its humans.

Using this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not right because this emotion is private for other people. technology should stay away from other peoples business. It's not right for the technologies to just go and detect other students emotion. Students have the right of privacy for their own self. We should not use this technology. For some people they are ashame of their to share their emotion with other people.

Technology should give privacy for the students. Even though Scientist proved that they could detect someone's emotion. We know that technology is important but we have to use it in a right use not using technology just to detect the students emotions. I can tell that mona lisa smile is fake because she didn't show her teeth and she don't have a big smile.       