The Electoral College is full of debates, but the biggest debate is if they should still have power. They should not stay in power becuase The United States of America is a democracy. Its is easier and more democratic if the candidate won by popular demand. What is a democracy good for if the Electoral college can change their choice of who becomes president. Many of the representatives in the Electoral College are unfair to voters and sometimes cheat the voting system. Would you want that running your countries choices? I dont think so.

The voters choose a canditate in the electoral college but they can always change their votes. For example, "Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy." stated in source two. Basically, If you want a republican president to win you would vote for a republican represetative of the electoral college, but thats not always the truth. Voters can not control the mind of a representative, in a few seconds they become of member of the oppsoing sides and thus they have your vote. This is known as unfair use of your vote that can obviously not be taken back.

2000 was the the year many people realized the lies of the electoral college. Bradford Plumer, author of The Indefensible Electoral College states that "Al Gore . . . won the popular vote but lost the presidency." This means that the electoral college is cheating the voting system and lying to their voters. So, do your votes even matter? No, not really. "Over 60 percent of voters would perfer a direct election to the kind we have now" said by Plumer. This system we have for voting is basically useless to us and just gives the electoral college more power to run us.

The Electoral College does have some good reasons its still in power. In source three written by Richard A. Posner, he states that " . . . the pressure of the presidential election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably produces a clear winner." In other words, when there is a run-off election or tie, the electoral college brings down this pressure making the choice so its quicker to make a choice on who becomes president. Sadly, very few people find the Electoral College useful but they do do a lot of things that help make the elections easier on the voters and putting less pressure on the candidates.

In the past few years people have realized what the Electoral College actually does. Its is true to believe that they grab our vote and change it last minute. They also can help in the process of the presidential election, but they make the voters confused and get called unfair adn cheaters, which is true. If this country was truely a democracy then the people would have complete ownership on who becomes president not the Electoral College.                 