Most of the time when a student comes back from school they go home and relax, procrastinate and maybe do their homework; this is most students, but not all. Extracurricular activities can either be fun and exhilirating or dull and exhausting; it all depends on what the student enjoys doing. If a student loves to move around all the time, they don't want to just sit around and do nothing. Student's that enjoy wasting thier time doing unnecesary things, suffer from it. If someone was to be placed with their friends doing something that they usually wouldn't do, they would do it, because that is the influence your friends have on you. If your friends like to skip class, you are eventually going to skip class. If your friends are excellent in school, you will be excellent in school. I agree with making sure everyone has atleast one extracurricular activity because it would help students do something productive instead of wasting their time doing nothing; it would give students motivation to stop procrastinating and finish their work on time. Colleges also look at your extracurricular activities so it would definitely help the student trying to get into college. I also believe that this will be good for some of the students with mental health issues and it could reduce stress.

Extracurricular activities would help students do something productive, instead of wasting their time by making sure that they alsways keep themselves busy and get them to understand that you can never get time back, once it's gone, it's never coming back, so they should do something productive with it that will help them in the future. Hopefully they can teach those students, to do something now, that your future self will thank you for. Extracurricular activities can help students overcome their struggles, for example; if a student who procrastinates took joined a club for time management they would learn ways to finish their work on time and not worry about overdue assignments. In order for students to succeed in school and be succesfull in the future, there are certain obstacles they must overcome in order to succeed; hopefully extracurricular activities can do just that.

For the students trying their hardest to get into college, your GPA and SAT scores are not the only thing Colleges look at. Colleges and Universities want to see the kind of person you are, otherwise we're all just numbers; what that means is, if Colleges see that someone was on the student council or was the president of their club, they are going to be impressed by it, because it shows that that person has leadership skills, and colleges need leaders, not followers. There has been numerous occasions when an average studeent that participated in activities got accepted by their dream college as opposed to an excellent student that never participated in activities and got declined by the college they applied to; why? Because colleges can't see the type of person you are and what skills you possess based off of test scores and how well you did on an assignment, a letter does not define you. Just because someone did well on a test than another doesn't mean they are better than the other. The way the schooling system works is like a puzzle some students fit in that puzzle, others don't.

Extracurricular activities with friends is fun and exhilirating; your friends make you laugh and make you happy, happiness releases dopamines to your brain that that puts you in a wonderfull mood. However not everyone has friends and not everyone has social skills. Those that are socially akward, can create a club and learn how to talk to poeple so they can make friends. Clubs, and sports are all extracurricular activities that involve others and the more you hang around a person the more comfortable you are around them the easier it is to talk to them and become friends . People will mental health issues or have stress from school can go to their extracurricular activity to relax and have a good time. As it states in paragraph two, extracurricular activities helps people finish their work so they don't have to stress about it therefor reducing stress levels., dopamines reduce depression and anxiety; furthermore mental health issues don't become as big as an issue as it was before.

I agree with making sure everyone has atleast one extracurricular activity because it would help students do something productive instead of wasting their time doing nothing; it would give students motivation to stop procrastinating and finish their work on time. Colleges also look at your extracurricular activities so it would definitely help the student trying to get into college.

I also believe that this will be good for some of the students with mental health issues, it could also reduce stress. Student's that procrastinate and waste their time, have friends that do the same. They can meet new people with better habbits and join clubs to help overcome that so they can better their performance in school. Hopefully they can teach those students to do something now, your future self will thank you for. As for Colleges, they want to see personality, otherwise we're all just numbers, and colleges don't want numbers they want bright people. If you show leadership skills in clubs or sports, colleges will be impressed by it, because colleges need leaders, not followers. As for mental health, friends make you laugh and make you happy, feeling happy releases dopamines to your brain that that puts you in a great mood. Extracurricular activities helps people finish their work so they don't have to stress about it therefor reducing stress levels, dopamines reduce depression and anxiety so mental health issues don't become as big as an issue as it was before. In conclusion extracurricular activities can help students stop procratinating and have better time management. being with friends can reduce stress and mental health levels. Obstacles are meant to be overcome; so overcome them and succeed.