The Electoral College is how America votes for the President and Vise President, which is a process that the U.S. shouldn't have. Intially, if people are voting for a President, they know what they want and have done their research. Along with that, it gives the Electorial College more rights than the actually people voting for the President and Vise President. Lastly, it's just down right unfair to the voters. The U.S. wants every person to have equal chance at the election for a president and if about 500 people are voting compared to the millions, it's just unfair to the citizens. In the world now, this process is taking away the freedom of decision or making it seem useless to the people. The Electorial College shouldn't be a process we use for voting.

Most people voting, actually care who is running the country and they took the effort to make sure they got the vote in. The votes from the actually people should count because, evidentally, they know what they want. Most people do not go to a place if they do not care for the purpose, but if citizens are voting for their president, it should count, not having other elected officials vote. The elected officials voting, are in the government and that creates a biased vote which is uncalled for. The votes need to be from the people because they see the actual truths of what is happning to the economy, salary, taxes, the process of the government, and much more. It is obvious that having the people vote is a more efficient choice than pre-elected officials.

Secondly, the Electorial college takes away the rights to choose what president they want. Yes, they get to vote for which electoral college member they want but, it doesn't actually add up to the number the citizens actually participate in. As stated in the Constitution, citizens of America have freedom, and they should have the freedom of choosing the Preseident and Vice President they want without out any ifs,ands, or buts. America has the freedom to choose and the Electorial College shuts it all down, which is disrespect to citizens and to the country.

Lastly, it is such an unfair process. As said previously, it geneuinly takes our freedom of choice away. People need to be heard and listened for what they actually want but the government lives their own way and doesn't take into count what the people, that make the country up, want. "Because of the winner-takes-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states."(The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the laid-back defenses of the syster are wrong by Bradford Plumer). This here proves that the candidates are only in for the game and not the real true choice in who will be a perfect official that runs the country all together. Clearly, the process all together is a complete unfair, brutial game to the people.

In Retrospect, having the Electorial College is a disaster and having it as a process makes we use every four years is unbelieveable. It treats the Americans like there freedom is worthless and makes the voting process unfair. If the people take the time to actually stand in line to vote, they hould earn the right of having their vote count in full picture. This process shouldn't continue on, for it is 500 or so people voting for the President and Vise President for over millions. That itself, is outragious and shouldn't be apart of the American voting process anymore.    