Your Phone Can Wait

You hear this everywhere, from Television commercials to regalatory road signs on the highway, "Don't text and drive.'' This phrase has so much meaning to it, saving the lives of many if actually doing what it's telling you to do. Texting and driving is illegal and it should stay as that. Sometimes being able to connect with the world with only a few taps of your fingertips to a screen can have it's cons especially when it comes in the way of you and your driving. Which can affect your attention span in driving, putting innocent lives plus your life at risk and being more likely to crash while doing it.

Driving should be something you put all your attention to when doing it. Keeping your eyes on the road, having both hands on the steering wheel and a foot to the brakes & gas are the only things you should be doing when driving. Phones are a distraction to this and cause you not to put all your focus into handling your motor vehicle. Imagine your driving 55 mph, you take your eyes off the road for a few seconds just to check if someone texted you back that's like if you were driving the length of a football field with your eyes closed. Anything can happen within those few seconds, things can go sideways just with a snap of a finger.

According to Carsurance. net, In 2018 there were 4,637 deaths alone related to the use of a mobile device while conducting. Today, there is an average of 9 deaths and 1,000 injuries per day. Is it really worth putting that happy family crossing the street to get to their favorite ice cream shop on a sunny day at risk? Not only are you putting innocent lives at risk but your also jeopardizing your own life as well and whoever else's life is in your hands. That would come out very bad for you even if you get hurt as well.

Texting and driving can be the equivalent to driving under the influence, in many cases they both end up leading with bad turnouts. Some might think that driving under the influence of drugs/alcohol is worse but in reality texting and driving is. Even though you're under the influence you still have an idea of your surroundings and have caution. When it comes to texting and driving you're not aware at all of whats going on around you or can see what can happen.

Every person should have the same mindset about texting and driving or think more on it. During these years is when the safety should be increased because this generation is not so much worried on things like that. As i said, it is a priority to be cautious about driving and the dangers of using any device.

1                              