There is a plethora of school's around the world that requires students to do a summer project over the course of their summer break. Most of the time, the project is designed by the following teacher. Many would agree with the decision of making the project based off of what the teacher prefers rather than the students because it'll give the student a quick blueprint on what to look for and also what to research for the following project but I believe that the summer projects should be student-designed because it makes the student confident in their work , it'll be personal, and it'll also keep the student interested in the project.

Confidence is very important when it comes to a project. According to statistics, 85 percent of students projects are terrible and bland when it's teacher-designed. With that being said, student-designed projects boosts the students confidence and make the student also put effort into the project. Most of the time, when I'm given a teacher-designed project, I don't put enough thought into it because I think i'll already get a bad grade . Even when i do put my all into a teacher-designed project, I still get second thoughts on if i should turn it in. Many students around my school have been complaining that the teacher-designed projects leads them into a deep depression because their aren't sure if the following project would make their grade drop drastically. Most of the time when teachers give out a project they expect the student have prior knowledge on the topic but most of the time, that doesn't be the case.

Over the summer, students experience multiple encounters. During that time, students are out enjoying the summer breeze with friends and family. Even if the student didn't do anything during their break, being that the students have a project based on their own opinion, makes the project more personal in a sense. Its gives them many topics to look forward to putting in their project.

Lastly, a student-designed project makes the student very interested in their assigned project. Having interest in what you do is also very important because you take your time and put more effort in to your work. Most of the time, when a student is given a teacher-designed project it lacks interest. Which makes the project become very weak and not meet the standards. When I was given a project on my favorite things to do, I aced it because it was about me and because it was about something that interested me. Giving students a project on what their are interested in gives the teacher a understanding on their point of views on situations and also helps them understand their students more.

Giving students-designed projects rather than teacher-designed projects gives the student reassurance that they will get a good great on the project. Especially over the summer break, most students dont have any interest at all about teacher-designed projects. If the students can put their own twist and flavor into the project; the outcome would be very much better!                  