Self driving cars are mystifying to some people, and the thought is a great fantasy that some want to see come true. While fantasies are fun to think about not all of them should come true. These are my three reasons as to why we should not go into this business.

So, imagine you wake up for work, everything is going alright, and you get in your brand new self driving car. It was tested by Google, so you think everything will be okay. The car pulls out of the drive and you're on your way to work. You're speeding up faster and faster, but you reassure yourself that everything is fine. The car doesn't stop at the approaching stoplight, which results in you getting in a crash.

The car is totaled, you're in the hospital, and it's all because your self driving car bugged out. Sure, more and more cars can be tested to ensure that there will be no bugs, but then there are people in this world that are mean. This sort could either have nothing to do with what I'm saying, or they could hack into your car and take control. For what reason that I don't know, but it's still a con of the self driving idea.

After this crash you go to sue the manufacturer of this car. The manufacturer says he has nothing to do with it, it's not his fault, so you have no right to sue him. This gets you in the long process of court duty, a lot of research, and stress builds up. It wasn't your fault, you think, the manufacturer could've made it safer. Maybe he could have done a few more test runs.

The manufacturer comes back at you saying that you bought the car, and therefore should of thought about the consequences that could commence. This lawsuit goes on and on until finally they ask the jury, and they decide that you're guilty. They say that you should have thought of the reprucusions, you lose the fight that you started, and to top it off you've lost even more money.

Apart from that visual story I've laid out for you there is also this to consider, why have self driving cars? Shouldn't humans have the intellect and mind capacity to be able to drive in a giant metal box to get to their job? If we're so capable we should drive to our workplaces and homes. It's not just a fantasy that some people thik about, it's also the aspect of laziness in America.

Think about it, the self driving cars make us do one less thing in our lives. It's an important thing too! Driving down the road where you have to trust other people in their cars and in your ability to drive your car. What would we do in our cars then? The car would basically be a very weirdly based time machine that we hop in. We'd be texting in the car, checking our social media, eating our breakfast on the way to work. We wouldn't realize what's going on around us.

We wouldn't look up at the world outside, we wouldn't see the trees as we pass them or the way that the snow falls on the ground. You won't see the birds on their first or seventy-first flight. The deer in the medow, the squirrels in the tree brances, and the people you pass by. Have you ever driven past one of your friends, honked at them just to see them see you and smile? That connection that you feel then, would no longer be here.

Everyone is so in love with the social media fad. You'd be seeing Celine's status update about her going to the mall with her friends instead of the sunrise.

You'd see your friend's new profile picture and tap the like button while another one of your friends drove past you and honked. That friend still has a self driving car, and they still honk at you so they can see you. You don't look up, they see you relaxing in the front seat checking out your favorite band's Facebook.

Your friend drives away without seeing your smile or wave. They see the squirrels playing together and the birds flying freely. How your friend wishes to be playing with you like when you two were eight years old, and just thought trucks were 'oh so cool'. To be free lke those birds your friend saw, he has that freedom. The freedom to make his own decisions. He's flying away to greater heights while you're stuck on the ground in your self driving metal box.

So, after all of these reasons, the technical issues, the lawsuits, and the progressing laziness that America is becoming; this is why I do not like the thought of self driving cars becoming a thing. We have the freedom to drive and so be it. Don't let the robot or computerized world take your life over. Don't let social media and laziness catch up to you. Be the bird and fly free, not the stone whom corrodes. 