Cars...do we really need them? Just like cell phones there a popular demand and we need them but we became addidcted. Theres many differnt reasons why you may or may not need a car, but im going to be giving you the benifits of not using you car so much in todays socitety and mayvbe after reading this youll reduce the usage of your car.

To begin with, Theres many differnt ways people look at cars. Some look at it as to juss get you from point A to point B some look as collectable items some dont even see the value of a car but at the end of the day most cars are giving off gas thats polluting the air. As a kid were told pollution isnt good and as teens and adults were well aware that to much isnt good for our atmosphere but we still dont do anything about it. in china (paris), A high level of pollution hit the city and due to that they enforced a "partial driving ban' to clear the air. setting the example other cities enforced acts to help clear the pollution out the air and as a result the "smog" had cleard in time. After that many cites around the world did different thing to reduce pollution.  for example in bogota colombia a programed held a "CAR FREE DAY" were people rode bikes skated and took buses to work. This program was set to spread all around the world.

Next, cars has benifited us in alot of ways but still has its flaws. For one you have safty. Not going off stats but i once read the most dangerous thing you can ever do is get into a car. your driving not only for yourself but the ones around you and some fail to realise that. Then you have conserving resources, were burning coal putting it into the atomosphere turning it into gas putting in our vehicals puttting into the atomosphere not u using our resources wisely.

In conclusion, the benifits on using your car less are better than the benifits of using you car the way we been using them thinking long term, there many different ways of transportation, and some you can do to benifit youself like exersize and ect.    