Making Mona Lisa Smile is written by Nick D'alto. In this passage Nick, describes the new technology he discovered that can read your emotion and tell you exactly the emotion you are feeling and break it dowm into a percentage. In the passage, he list values on this can be great for students in the classroom.

I agree that this technology can be an improvment to the students today. Forming an education based on someones emotion would be brilliant. This can help improve students grades and help them learn in their own way. This technology could be the future. In paragraph 6 it explains that, " A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." This technology could even help students want to go to school and learn. It could also help students study their for their test, do their homework, and learn outside of school.

There are some cons to this though, there are a lot of students that just simply do not like school whatsoever. The point is, their facial expression will always read "bored" or just uninterested. There could also be a student who could have had a tragedy happen to him and he goes to school sad and, the lesson his changed up to where when he's back to his normal self and ready to learn, he becomes even more confused. Another student for example, could be going through depression, and depression could last to nearly a year maybe even more. This would have his whole education based on the wrong thing.

Another problem is that this may not stretch students to their full potential. This is based on their way of learning, It is all based on the easiest way for them to learn. A lot of times in teaching, you have to make students learn and study things that the do not wanna learn but they have too. Society today needs students to reach pass their limits and become more of what they think they can be. This technology could soften the way of learning for students. This technology would work great for ads as said in the passage but for me, their is more cons then pros in this situation.

This will only soften the education of students in todays society. This would not be valuable it would only water down students and not let them reach to their true educational peak.