Devices are a distraction for drivers on the road because it always takes aways the drivers attention of the safety of passengers in the vehicle. Another way devices are distractions, it limits your safe driving capacity. Drivers shouldn't be allowed to be on their device while driving because it causes accidents, driver's insurance rate rises and because hand free technology is available.

One reason why drives shouldn't be on their device while driving is because they cause accidents. According to edgarsnyder. org, "The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Nearly 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United Statesis caused by texting and driving." From this evidence it states that devices are a threat to the safety of the driver and other drivers on the road.

Another reason why drivers shouldn't be allowed to use their device on the road is because the driver's insurance rate goes up. According to carinsurance. com,"In Georgia insurance rates with a clean record is $1,776 but after a texting while driving ticket the insurance rate increases into $2,195." Insurance Policies does not take texting and driving as a joke; it causes accidents and insurance companies know that too.

One more reason on why drivers shouldn't be allowed to text and drive is because of the availability of hands-free technology in cars. According to strike. au, "Hands-free technology is arguably one of modern day's most convenient inventions. Our phones are such an integral part of our busy lives and going without them for any amount of time can be detrimental to our day-to-day business dealings. Hands-free technology enables us to talk to people without having to touch a button. Modern day Bluetooth hands-free devices often operate on voice control alone which means that we don't even have to touch a button. Voice control limits distraction and subsequently limits the dangers associated with touching phones when driving." From this evidence you can understand that Hands-free technology is the resolution to the problem of texting and driving. With its voice recognition tech you can easily send a text without any distraction keeping your eyes away from the road.

Texting and Driving is a serious topic to talk about because people who text and drive risk many lives on the road, threatening other drivers who are perfectly driving and threatening the driver passengers lives. Driver shouldn't be allowed to use their device while driving because it causes accidents, raises insurance rate for the driver and the availability of hands-free technology.   