Dear senator,

Retain the Electoral College. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors and a majority of 270 electors is is required to slect the President. Each state has his/her own electors which are chosen by the candidate political party. You should keep the Electoral College because you have certainty of outcome, and the President is everyones not just yours.

The first reason why you should stay with the Electoral College is because you are certain that the outcome will be in favor of one of the candidates. A tie in the nationwide electoral vote may happen but it is very unlikely that it will even though that 538(number of electors in the Electoral College) is a even number(S.3).For example in 2012's election, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral votes compared to 51.3 percent of the popular cast for him and Romney because all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis even a slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state(S.3).  However,because of the winner-take-all system in each state,candidates dont spend time in staes they know they have no chance of winning, they only focus on the close,tight races in the "swing"states(S.2). But, the winning candidates share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote.

The second reason you should keep the Electoral College is because the president is everyone's. The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president by themselves. So for example,a solid regional favorite,such as Romney was in the South,has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states for he gains no electoral votes by increasing his plurality in states he knows for sure that he will win(S.3).A president with only his regional apppeal is very unlikely to be a successful president. The residents of the other regions may feel like there votes dont count or that he really isnt there president.

In conclusion, you should stay with the Electoral College simply because you most likely not going to have a tie and because the president is everyone's.     