In many areas of the globe countries are trying to limit the use of cars for tons of reasons. Elisabeth Rosenthal explains in source 1, "in German suburbs, life goes on without cars. In source 2, Robert Duffer explains that, "Paris bans driving due to smog. In source 3, Andrew Selsky tells us, "car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota. As for source 4, Elisabeth Rosenthal also talks about "the end of car culture," in the United States.

Source 1, in Germany, residents of the Vauban {an upscale community} are subrban pioneers, they are giving up their cars. Rosenthal says "street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in tihs experimental new district on the outskirts of Feriburg, near the French and Swiss borders" they only have two large garages for car-owner at the edge of the development, but they must pay $40,000, along with a home. 70% of Vauban's families do not own a car, and 57% sold a car to move there. She qouted someone by the of Heidrun Walter sayed, "When I had a car Iwas always tense. I'm much happier this way." Meaning he gave up he car so he did not have to pay so much money to keep it and a home with a garage. She explains how, "automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs, where middle-class families from Chicago to Shanghai tend to make their homes."

In source 2, "Paris bans driving due to smog," says Duffer. Paris enforced partial driving ban to clear the air. Duffer says, on Monday motorists even even-numbered licecnse plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31)." On the next day odd-numbered plates would do the same. Nearly 4,000 drivers suffered this fine. As of the 27 other peoples' cars were impounded for their reaction. "In the capital of France 60% congestion were down," explains Duffer. Days when was "cold at night and warm in the day were causing the warmer air to trap car emissions. Diesel fuel was blamed, since France has [] tax policy that favors diesel over fasoline," explains Duffer. Diesel  is 67% of vehicles in France, compared to 53.3% average of diesel engines in the rest of Western Europe, according to Reuters.

Andrew Selsky tells us about, " car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota." Bogota, Colombia has a program that's set to spread to other countries. Millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or even took buses to work during a car-free day.  For 3 straight years cars have been banned with only buses and taxis premitted for the "Day Without Cars" in this capital city of 7 million. Selsky says, " the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Violators faced $25 fines." Even when it would "rain it never stopped people from participating," said Bogota Mayor Antanas Mockus. For Carlos ARturo Plaza, a businessman, said "it's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." The day without cars is an improvement campaign that there in the mid-1990s. Many parks, sports and businesses bloomed throhtout the city.         