The Callenge of Exploring Venus

Venus is the second planet from are sun . Venus is like earth twin it's the closest planet to Earth . Venus has been a challenging place to examine more closely . People have tried to study venus since t's so close but it has not always worked out.

So we have Earth , Venus , and Mars . those all have differeces in speed meaning that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times Venus . since Venus sometimes s right around the corner .humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on the planet . every previous mission was unmanned , no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. This is why no spaceship has touched on Venus in more than three decades . This made it hard for humans to study .

Venus has temperatures of over 800 degrees Fahrenheit the atmospheric pressure is 90 times higher then what we experience on are own planet. These conditions are extreme . in the story it say's that Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any plant in our solar system, the wearther erupting valcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface . That's why when we tried to land on Venus are craft got distroded .

Venus used to be like earth but mostly not anymore . since Venus is like what its like we can't take samples from rocks,gas etc. we would have to dig deeper into are work so we can find out why Venus is the way it is. Its good that they are working to better are craft to find out more about Venus .NASA is working on something that's seem like it would work well for Venus .

Venus is worthy of studying despite the dangers because if we stop we will never know what it's really like why it does the things it does . If we keep trying we will have the best craft and it will work . I know everybody wants to know if we can have life on a planet and Venus might just be the one . although Venus made it hard for humans to study it also gave them light weight on how to make the craft better and to know that it is dangrous so they know now that they need better craft.   