Do you ever get stuck in a problem that you don't know how to fix? Many people get into situations that they cannot solve on their own. A lot of those times they would go to other people asking them for advice. They often go to more than just one person, so they know which solution will work best. After each person that they talk to, they know a little more on what to do. Asking multiple people for advice can help a person by getting more perspectives, and understandings of what to do.

When looking for advice, getting more perspectives is a good idea. If there are more views of the situation, there will be more options when deciding on a solution. People might not agree with one way of doing something, but they might agree with another. Hearing the ideas of others could change the way that the problem is thought about. Each opinion of a person has a different effect on the person in need of advice. Some opinions could be more helpful than others.

If advice is needed, a better understanding of the solutions could help when it's time to make a choice. More knowledge over the problem can be useful when finding a solution. Truly knowing what is wrong will give the person in need of advice more confidence when they are deciding what to do. They will become more open to the possibilities. For example, Generic_Name got into some trouble with her friend, and they are no longer speaking. Generic_Name doesn't know what to do, so she goes to another friend in need of advice. After she went to her friend, she realized that she know a little bit more, but the information that she had was still not enough. She went to three other friends before she understood what the problem was. Then, Generic_Name knew that she just had to talk to her friend and apologize. When the problem is understood, the solution will reveal its self.

Going to more than one person for advice can help them by getting more perspectives and understandings of what to do. If you are in a problem, seek the advice of others. Open up to possibilities, and ask for help. When there are multiple perspectives to a problem, the solution will seem more simple. If advice is needed, a better understanding of what is wrong will help find a resolution. Advice from Multiple people is the better way to solving a problem.                                                                                               