I think that everybody should do at least one extracurricular activity, so that everybody has a chance to participate with the school. You don't have to do a certain one, you get to choose which one fits you best you, like you can play sports, you can write or draw, and so much more. Therefore, that means you can enjoy what you pick and not be interested in the activity. Some of these activities help you get into college because some college people come watch you work and see if your talented or not.

If you play sports, it may be hard out there because you have to stay fit you can't be lacking, You can play basketball if you like to shoot hoops at your house or if you just like the concept of it like how people work to together and more. Another sport is football, you may like how people are rough out there and going against each other. There is more but another sport is volleyball, girls can play sports like boys do, they can play softball, basketball, track, soccer and more. So you really have options of what you can do as sport and what you may like.

Some more things is writing and drawing, a lot of people love doing this activity. You may write the newspaper for the school and tell us what going on through out the day and week. Say if you like art you can make painting to show off your artistic part of you, and they might have contests for people to show off there work and college people may be there so o try your hardest. Therefore, that means they might do the same thing with writing, so its your chance to shine bright.

There is so much more you can do, it don't just have to just focus on them two activities, theirs clubs and stuff too. You can join the book club and thats where you read to kids, as a group, or by yourself. Theres an student council where you represent your classmates and come up with ideas for the school. Last but not least there is an drama club where you can express how you feeling by an character.

Basically what i'm saying is yes I do agree that we should have extracurricular activities in our school. It gives people chance to stand bright and show what they can do and what their good at. You have some many options to choose, so why will you just let that fly away. This is your ticket to greatness and to have and go career in the future and to make money. 