When Generic_Name was attending classes from home, he was unable to accomplish his assignments because of online distraction. Attending classes from home would eliminate pupils the chance to complete what they fancied to do. Students would not necessarily benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

Firstly, students would not necessarily benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because they would receive less assistance. For instance, While Generic_Name was working on his Calculus and Physic assignments at home, there was no one to aid him with his homework and, consequently, he did not receive any assistance. Attending classes from home would be ardous for pupils to receive assistance. Therefore, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

Secondly, students would not necessarily benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because they would acquire less collaboration. For example, When Generic_Name was working on his Chemistry lab, he was unable to complete the lab, because he needed someone to cooperate with. Taking classes from home would be strenous for students to work together. Thus, pupils would not necessarily benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

On the other hand, a myriad of people argue that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. They claim that pupils would have more freedom and less distraction. These points have merit because students would obtain the freedom to make their own rules. Additionally, pupils would focus more on their work. For instance, While Generic_Name was was working on his assignment, he completed his work because there were no any persistent disturbance. Generic_Name accomplished his assignment because there were no noise. Therefore, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

If students attend classes from home, then they would obtain less cooperation and less assistance. Therefore, pupils would not necessarily benefit from being able to attend classes from home.