School isn't always easy for some students, for them, school has a negative connotation. Year after year, teachers and school administrators ask themselves "why do children hate school so much? Is it the early hours, late nights, tests, projects, and quizzes. Or do they just not like to learn?" Parents also begin to wonder why their child/children dread going to school every morning. "Is it because they're being bulled, they have no friends, their teachers are mean, or they're given too much work to do?" As their children get into higher grades, many parents find themselves asking these questions more and more. The truth is, students hate school because of environment and conditions they are forced to be put in for over 180 or more days. Students would benefit from distance learning because it would reduce their stress levels, they would be more comfortable learning at home, and students will be able to focus better.

Stress is something every student will experience at some point in school, it is inevitable. The stress from school comes from many different places, academics, is not the only source. In recent years, school shootings and bomb threats have increased rapidly in the United States. These threats and tragic events have caused students to be afraid of going to school. The constant concern for their safety has taken an emotional toll on students. Students being able to learn from their homes takes the stress away because for most students, they feel safest at home. Most teachers have 80 or more students and because of this, it can sometimes be too difficult for teachers to make sure all of their students understand the material. Many students will also agree that it is too difficult to get in touch with their teacher to receive help.

If students are able to video conference one-on-one with their teachers, then they are able to get as much help and attention as they need. This will reduce their stress because they will understand the material and will be prepared for any test or quiz.

Many students thrive in places they are comfortable being in. Most students will tell you that they are most comfortable in their bedrooms or homes in general. A classroom setting, however, is not the most comfortable for some students. Classrooms are not comfortable because students typically feel like they're being watched by their classmates or teachers, and not to mention that the chairs are always hard as rocks. Older generations have a different opinion on this idea. They think that the new generations are becoming too lenient, they say that you'll be put in uncomfortable situations all the time in the real world, and life isn't always about comfort. Although that is true, it is important that students are able to put themselves in a position where they can secede. A lot of home schooled individuals have gone on to get extremely high SAT scores and go to some of the top colleges in America. Many students who were home schooled can testify that they benefited from it simply because they were given the opportunity to learn in a place that they were most comfortable.

The distractions from school can be overwhelming. From loud bells and announcements to students who don't know how to use their inside voices, it can be very hard to learn in an environment like that. It is even harder to ignore the distractions during tests. Although you're not allowed to eat or be on your devices, you can always hear someone eating, listening to music, or getting text messages. To make matters worse, after a few people get done with their test or work in class, they all being to laugh and talk very loudly. That alone makes it very hard to focus. Clocks, are actually a bigger distraction than teachers think. Students have a bad habit of watching the time; they are so ready to leave and go home to a point where they are constantly checking the time and trying to figure out how much they have left in class. This causes them to end up missing the lesson they are being taught. Students would benefit from distance learning because it would take all their distractions away. It essentially would be just the student and their work.

All in all, the next generation of students need distance learning. They need to be able to learn in environments where they are able to reach their full potential. They should also have the opportunity to chose how they learn. The reason why some students never reach their full potential is because they believe they aren't smart enough to achieve any goals they set. Students need to realize that the reason they don't secede in school is not because they aren't smart enough, it is because they aren't given the resources to learn in the way that works best for them.