Some schools are considering allowing students to take classes from home by way of: online classes, and video conferences. Seventy percent of people agree that home-schooling is one of the best methods for students that dont learn as well in the classroom. Reasons could be that they are fearful of not understanding something and try to go with the flow along with everyone else, or they're just not comfortable.

Majority of students enjoy their homes more than anything and dont really care for the school buildings. Working from home would allow the students to have the freedom to work in the comfortable place they call home. Instead of having to wake up bright and early every day just to sit in classrooms and try to learn in a day what you can learn in an hour, it can be done within at least thirty minutes. It also gives students the chance to really focus on whatever is giving them a hard time and practice that more often than possible at school.

Being schooled from home lowers the window of opportunity for distractions by seventy-five percent. Being in the classroom with friends tempts students to talk to them, causing a distraction in the workplace. Eliminating that chance is vital to students who want to get to where they want to go. It could include the small things like going to the restroom when needed instead of asking ten million times a day, or even grabbing a snack during a lesson to keep students as comfortable as possible.

Online schooling could really give students a much more comfortable place to learn and boost their success rate. Sitting in the classroom chairs for six hours a day, and listening to teachers lecture all day can really be stressful and tiring. Especially to the students that don't really learn the best that way. Some students may not feel comfortable about asking a teacher about certain things in front of other students in fear of being called names,or being classified as, "Slow learning." This way could possibly give students to ask teachers about things they don't understand and fully grasp it.

Sometimes more one on one time with an educator is what students need and can be very beneficial to their learning abilities. Learning from home would definitely lower the student drop-out rate because they would really learn ways to balance their school work with their other activities,a skill that can get them far in life. If more school districts gave students the chance to work from home, more of them would take the opportunity and actually apply themselves more because of them being able to work in the comfort of their home.