I agree with the principal's decision to make all students participate in a least one extracurricular activity. Imagine a school where everyone does extracurricular activities. Everyone has their own thing that they like to do while still staying safe in their community. Sports, yearbook, band, or being in the student council the list could go on and on. If all students did extracurricular activities then they would have a break from school subjects and the chaos that happens at home. It can also keep the children stay fit and not just their bodies but also their minds. Lastly it can help with social development which can start new friendships and end the toxic ones. These are some reasons why I agree with my principal's decision to make all students participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

The first reason why I agree with the principal's decision to make all students participate in extracurricular activities is because it can give students a break from school and home. Students who don't have breaks from school work can become develop anxiety or maybe even depression. The constant reminder of your low grade can cause serious damage to yourself. Extracurricular activities give you that break so that you can go back to your work with a smile and determination. Some students need a break from home. Maybe they have a baby sister who is always crying or getting you in trouble. In some cases their home may not be safe and they are just trying to get away from the house for a little. These things are all important to a child's life and are to keep their mind healthy and happy.

Last winter I found myself lying around a lot. I couldn't lift heavy things like I used to because I was so unfit. I was moving slower at school and my grades started to drop. I came to a conclusion that the reason why I wasn't feeling so great was because I didn't have any extracurricular activities. There wasn't anywhere I could go and have fun and workout my body and mind. I found that in order to be successful in life I needed to have a place to go that wasn't home or school. I needed distractions. Activities will help the students to have quick reflexes and to be fit. Or if you don't like to play sports, exercise your mind. Being fit makes everyone's life easy and not just the student's. That is another reason why I agree with the principal's decision to make all students participate in extracurricular activities.

The last reason why I would agree with the principal's decision to make all students participate in extracurricular activities is because it helps with social development. Robinson Secondary School has a very big problem with vaping. Extracurricular activities gives you a drive to be successful and not do those things. When you surround yourself with people who think the same, the students have a very large chance of not wanting to vape. Having people around you can help you in life with many things. People are your support system. You need people to survive and thrive. Extracurricular activities is the building blocks for friendships and social development.

In conclusion I agree with the principal. Extracurricular activities can benefit students in many ways that can help you to be happy, grateful, and successful in life. The three reasons why I agree are that Extracurricular activities keep children fit inside and out, helps with social development, and a productive break from school and home. If all students did extracurricular activities everywhere then I believe the world would be happier and greener. 