Driverless cars are more than likely a big thing of the future. There are pros and cons. However, when it comes to the safety of human beings, I'd say to focus on more of the cons. Bad things happen all the time, an dmost of the time they are accidents. I'm not sure I'd risk my life on something I'm not in control of.

Let's start off with the pros, because there definitely are some. Elderly people, or even extremely young people. May find it difficult to get places that they need to go. With the help of a driverless vehicle, grandpa would never miss another doctors appointment. That is, until his driverless vehicle that you so carlessly persuaded him to purchase puts him in a coma. People that are afraid to drive or physically cannot, they could really use a driverless vehicle to help them get place to place. Now, let's get down to the cold hard facts.

Technology, it screws up all the time. Millions of people have troubles with their cell phones, game systems, and cars (yes, even regular vehicles malfunction) every single day. If some manufacturers can not even get a regular everyday car to work correctly without shutting down, blowing up, or getting unalined, how are we to trust that a driverless vehicle will suddenly keep us safe. Sure, drunk drivers would be less of a problem, but how can you trust a drunk man to properly operate a driverless car? You can't. Anywhere that there seems to be a pro for these cars, there's a con not far behind.

Raging drunk idiot get in his driverless car. He decides he wants it to go full speed ahead at the man crossing the street. It's too easy to use these cars as weapons and call it a malfunction. There would be more cases of vehicular manslaughter than ever before. I don't know about you, but I like my life without driverless cars. They're too hazardous.

I don't want to live in a world where cars aren't things you drive. I like my life. I like knowing that most of the people on the roads know what they're doing. Technology has failed us again and again. I don't trust that it wouldn't do it this time around.      