Have you ever asked someone for advice? Did you go to one person or did you go to several people for advice? Does it matter how many people you ask for advice? In short, yes it does matter how many people you ask for advice. In fact, the more the better advice you get. Asking more than one person for advice can get you better version of what you're trying to do. The more people you ask, the better the answer. Asking more than one person for advice can get you a more accurate rating of what you should do. The blue socks or the red socks? Ask around, see which ones your friends and family enjoy more. Sometimes, you can also get another option if you're stuck. Let's say you're working on a project and you don't know what to do. Ask some people as to what you should do, maybe you'll get an amazing idea.

Asking several people for advice can give you a more beneficial response. Let's say you have a massive test, your friend has already taken this test. You ask him, "Should I study?" He responds with, "No, it was easy." So you just go with his advice and you don't study. You get to the test day and you realize don't know anything about it, you end up failing the test. If you had just asked your other friends for advice as well, you would've known that it was hard and that you needed to study. You shouldn't just ask one person for advice, they can't just be the end-all-be-all decision maker. You should ask several people whether or not you should do something. A person can be invalid, bias, or even wrong, that's why you consult more than one doctor when you have bad news. Maybe the other doctor realizes something the first one didn't. It's also precisely why consulting more than one person for advice can give a better answer.

Asking a variety people for advice can also give a more accurate response of what you should do. Maybe you're indecisive about which gaming console you should get, X box or PlayStation 4? You ask your friends and you decide, they give you the pros and cons and even tell you which one they have. You can get a more accurate response of what you should do. You should always consult a variety of people because maybe they can think of something you can't. Different people think about things in different ways. Just the like X box or PlayStation 4 example, people have their reasons, different people have different reasons. Let's say you have a more important decision, like which medication you should take. You should ask different specialist and pharmacist about which one they think is better. Maybe one has less side effects than the other, you won't know unless you ask. If you ask a variety of people you'll get answers that reflect on the right decision that you should make.

Asking more people can get you different options if you're stuck. Maybe you don't know what you should write on your essay, you're just stuck and you can't think of what to do. Ask your friends and family as to what you should write, maybe they can give you different options of what you can write. Different prompts, different styles of writing, everyone has their own experiences. You haven't done everything which is what makes other people's points valid, maybe they've done something you haven't. You may get stuck but you shouldn't stay stuck if you ask for advice. The power of asking several people is endless, people can come up with amazing ideas, even if you can't. If you're stuck, ask for some advice, maybe someone was in your shoes and they can give you and answer.

It matters that you ask a variety of people for advice because advice can make and idea better, or you could find an amazing idea from advice. You shouldn't rely on one person to give you advice, you should have a group of people. The more people you ask, the better the advice will be. Advice can add on to an idea or it can build an idea. Asking for advice gives you more accurate feedback of what you should do. Maybe you're indecisive and you don't know what to do, ask for some advice to help you along your way. Maybe you can find another solution to the problem you're thinking of, maybe someone has a brilliant idea but they just haven't discovered it. You can be the person who can discover it. You need to ask for advice, you can't get by in life if you don't.