Benefits of attending public schools

Imagine a child or student taking classes at home. How would his or her parents feel?

Would home school be helpful for their child? Is homeschooling important for thier child than public schools? Students would benefit to attend classes in school rather than attending class at home because students can become active, getting enough information, and having the ability to share ideas.

Attending public schools can persuade students to become active. Teachers can also persuade students to become active as well. Teachers wants students to have fun. For an example, physical education, or for short PE. It is a program in school for children to have exercise and training. Teachers would allow students to play inside or outside. Even if students do not want to participate.

Not only schools let students become active in class, but also offers information to students who need help. Getting information can help students to become better at understanding things that students learned in school. It is important to know why students want to learn. For an example, students staying after school for help. Staying after school can help students study for a test. If a student needs help or needs more information, do not be afraid to ask for help. A teacher will be there to help you. Teachers can give their best to answer student's questions.

Not only schools can persuade students to become active and offers information to students,

but also shares ideas. Sharing ideas can help students as well. Students can share their ideas other students. For an example, completing assignments in a group. Students love being with partners or group to solve problems. Students would listen to others student's opinion or debate and see if they agree or disagree. It is always helpful to be with a group and not be alone by yourself.

In public schools, students can become active, can get information that they need, and let students share their ideas. That is why it is important for children to go to school. Home schools are different than public schools. Home schools can be very challenging for some students. A student working alone with no partner, not being active, and not getting enough information from parents. Imagine a student being in that position. How would she or he feel? Public schools would be the best option for children. Imagine if every student went to school, their would be a positive change in their future. School can build student's knowledge everyday and to do it is by learning. 