Were you ever in a situation where you didn't know what to do, so you asked for someone else's advice and or opinion? If so, did you seek the opinions of multiple people or just one person, and do you think seeking the opinions of multiple people could help someone make a better choice? I believe seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you get to know about different peoples experiences, you know about more possible outcomes, and you gain more knowledge about the whole situation.

Asking multiple people for their opinions or advice will benefit you more than just asking one person. I think asking more people about a decision you're making will help you make a better choice because maybe they were all in the same situation as you, and they could all offer advice that will help you in different ways. Different people will give you different pieces of advice based on their personal experiences, and it may not be the same for everyone. You will also be able to hear about more peoples experience's, which should help you be more prepared to make a choice. Before I started middle school, I asked my older cousins and friends about which classes they recommend. I listened to multiple peoples opinions, and decided which classes I should take. I couldn't take all the classes everyone recommended, so I took the classes that more than one person recommended because they had similar experience's that were all good.

Listening to different peoples opinions and experiences will inform you about more possible outcomes. Everyone that offers you advice could tell you something totally different, and that just tells you about how many possible outcomes you should be prepared for. Before a big test I ask my friends that have already taken it about how it went, and if they think I should prepare more by studying a certain topic. If my friends scores surprise me then I can infer that the test was either very hard or very easy. Asking more than one friend will also help me make a better choice on whether I should study a certain topic or not.

Seeking someone else's opinion will also help you gain more knowledge on things you might not know much about, but seeking multiple people's opinions will help you gain even more knowledge than one person alone could provide you. Having all that extra knowledge should definitely help someone make a better choice. Before my cousin went to college she asked many people on what major they recommended for her. Many people told her about their majors', and how it went for them. Since she asked so many people for their opinions it helped her learn more about different majors, so she could make a better choice about what major would be best for her.

It just makes more sense to me for people to seek the opinions of multiple people to help them make a better decision. I believe seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you get to know about different peoples experiences, you know about more possible outcomes, and you gain more knowledge about the whole situation. It also never hurts to ask people for their opinion, and if you want to make the best choice possible it's best to ask different people for their advice.