To whom it may concern, I have recently been enlightened on what Electoral College is all about. According to "What Is the Electoral college?" Electoral college is a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and the election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. It consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. As quoted also from "What Is the Electoral College?" by the Office of the Federal Register.

First of all, the Electoral College should be kept because no, one region has the ability to elect a president. A certain region can gather all it's people to favorite one of the candidates, but it still won't be enough to reach a biased conclusion in the final election. The candidates also cannot count on one of their favorite states or rven regions for them to win because, with only regional or state appeal, it will become unlikely for them to be a successful president.

In addition, having The Electoral College will ensure that the larger states can't overrule the smaller state based on population. It balances the weight of more populated states to smaller populated states. This is good because now, the smaller populated states will feel that they actually have power in the Election process instead of feeling left out due to a larger population. This is also significant because now the candidates won't aim their campaigning only towards the higher populated states. They will go all around the country trying to emphasize their importance in winning the campaign.

In conclusion, the obvious solution here is to keep using the Electoral College process. It not only ensures that one state or region does not have enough votes alone to sway the election, it allows the smaller populated states to have just as big of a say in the election as the larger states. The procedure of using The Electoral college has been around for quite a while now and it's clear why. It is the most beneficial way of ensuring that the right candidate will get into office, based off of the right terms.            