Many people believe that there should be technology in a classroom, but do we really need technology that reads emotions. The Facial Action Coding System is the system that was designed by scientists to read emotions. They believe that teachers could use this system for lessons online. Even though it could help teachers, it shouldn't be used in a class. This technology could have many flaws that would produce false readings. Especially when reading kids emotions. This technology does help in many ways, but there are some things that humans have to do by them selves.

Teachers need to stop relying on technology to teach. A teacher should be required to take classes that can help them become a better teacher and to help them with reading emotions. Instead of them using the Facial Action Coding System to find out kids emotions they should take a psychology class. That class will teach them what they need to know about humans. Especially humans going through adolesence. Once those teachers understand how emotions work they wont have to rely on a technology that isn't flawless.

The Facial Action Coding System has so many flaws in it that prevent it from being useful. The article states that this technology can recognize when a student is confused or bored. The problem with that is the fact that a person can fake emotions. If the students wanted to try to be funny they could mess with the system and change something that was working. In the article, Dr. Huang said, "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective teacher." An effective teacher wouldn't change something just because a couple people ar bored or confused. This system also doesn't factor in the chances of someone having a bad day. If someone is having a bad day confused emotions could already be happening before the lesson. This would mess everything up.

I understand that some people aren't natural psychologists, and don't know how to read emotions. These people can just take there time and teach themselves how to read them. Even though not all teachers have the knowledge learned through psychology, they all should. People naturally believe that technology can help. It can help, and thats why it is understandable to want the Facial Action Coding System to be used by school. There are better alternatives to this system. The author stated, "we can write down simple instructions the "encode" different emotions." If people can do that then, why aren't they doing it?

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System should not be used in school. It has no value to learning. The better alternative is to make teachers do things themselves. Teachers should learn how to read emotions. They also need to learn that you can't always rely on a system that is not flawless. A teachers job is to teach and not to sit and let technology run their classroom. So if schools want a type of technology that isn't valuable, they can use it all they want, but if they want something that has value they should teach their teachers how to read emotions.