There are so many ways that limiting car usage is good for me, you and just everyone in genereal! Yes cars do have their advantages but like everything else they also have a few disadvantages. People should limit car usage more all around the world and heres a few reasons why..

Auto mobiles help in many ways they help you get to where your going faster and in a comfortable sitting condition, but although your body is comfortable are you really relaxed? i presume not! Having a car is a big responsability which can also be very stressful. Think about it when you didnt have a car as a kid and young adult you didnt have to worry about if the insurance on your bike is payed , or if there was any mechanical problems with your legs. cars are expensive to buy and they continue to be quite the hefty financial load after youve bought the car too especially if no well maintained. In the article "IN GERMAN SUBURB, LIFE GOES ON WITHOUT CARS"' Parragraph 3 sentences 4-6  Heidrun Walter says " When i had a car i was always tense..." This quote proves the point that having a car is quite stressful , but thats not all she goes on to say "i'm much happier this way" Why is she so much happier? cause not having or needing a car lifted a huge load off her shoulders thats one less thing to worry about on a daily basis.

Also lets not forget one of the biggest issues in the world POLUTION! Pollution is a huge problem that we constantly see on the news , hear on the radio , and we see every day. One of the worst forms of pollution is the kind thats in the air we breathe to live and cars play a role now alot of people may say "my one car cant possibly cause that much pollution" but if millions .. billions of people think the same way then thats billions of air polluting cars driving around the world polluting the air we breath to live! Paris made a great arangement as stated in the article  "PARIS BANS DRIVING DUE TO SMOG" they talk about how paris banned certain cars driving from one day and other cars the next . All the cars with  even numbered liscense plates were to not be driven on monday and vice versa for the odd numbered liscense plates the next day. this was good because it only allowed about half the amount of cars that usually drive on a daily basis to drive. In time this should make quite the noticable difference in the smog and the overall experience of breathing the " fresh air".

In conclusion we should all limit car usage because it is less stress not having a car helps financially and lifts a great load of responsability off of our shoulders and also if less people drive on a daily basis then there will be much less polution in the air and i dont know about you guys but id rather live longer than drive and die young, but thats just me.    