Driverless cars are not a good idea. There are many reasons why having cars that drive themselves is not a good idea. Driverless cars could be a danger, they could make the public less adept with driving skills, and finally they could ruin the fun in driving a car.

Sure, the idea of driverless cars sounds great but technology is not always the most reliable piece of equipment in the world especially if its new technology. If the driverless car malfunctioned think of all the trouble that it would cause. Driverless cars could end up being very dangerous to the everyday community.

The passage states in paragraph one that Google cofounder Sergey Brin can imagine a time in the future where no one buys cars and they all use the driverless variants. If that time really came and children were growing up their whole lives having a car that drives them everywhere without controlling it I believe there skills as a proactive driver would be greatly decreased. In the passage it also states that cars can not completely handle all situations, such as traffic and workzones, so if these problems arise the driver must take over and if the driver has less skill behind the wheel than say a seasoned driver in todays day in age it could cause trouble with the driver not knowing exactly what to do.

Cars have always been something that I really enjoy, and not only just to look at, driving them is one of the most fun activities that I do. Reading the passage about driverless cars basically tells me that the only plus for having a drivleress car is that you have to do a lot less work than you would in a normal human driven vehicle. This shows me the only reason to have a driverless car is to be lazy and I personally believe that laziness is not a good thing.

Driverless cars have a place in the world but I do not believe they have a place in the everyday community. The cars would be a danger, a hinderance on driving skill, and finally something that would kill the fun in being behind the wheel of a car and driving.                                