Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. In other words, teachers believe students should continue learning after the school year ends. Some might argue that summer projects should be teacher-designed so the student will have the ability to learn over the summer. Summer projects should be student-designed because this will allow the student to have more free time, it will allow less stress for the student, and they should decide for themselves stuff relating to the project.

Summer projects should be student-designed because this will allow the student to have more free time. For example, the student will be able to catch up on sleep or exercise. Students would be able to relax a little more and enjoy their summer off. Students will feel more energized and healthy. Students will feel better about themselves. Students will feel more relaxed instead of stressed. Students will feel more calm.

Summer projects should be student-designed because it will allow for less stress for the student. For example, the student will feel more calm and the assignment will not be as hard for the student. The student will be able to concentrate more. The student will most likely complete the assignment as this will lead to less procrastination. They can work with a friend or group. This could lead to the student not having as much stress as they will be working with a friend. This could help relieve stress.

Summer projects should be student designed because they should decide for themselves stuff relating to the project. For example, the student could decide if they want to work alone or with a friend or group of friends. This may allow the student to have more communications with their friends. This will help the student complete their assignment at hand. This could help students think about what they wanna present for their project when they return to school. This allows the student to make their own desicions. This will help them learn to be independent.

In conclusion, summer projects should be student-designed because this will allow the student to have more free time, it will allow for less stress for the student, and they should decide for themselves stuff relating to the project. Some might argue that summer projects should be teacher-designed because this could help the student learn. If the summer projects are teacher-designed, then the student will not have any free time. Overall, this will give the student a lot of free time.