I do not belive students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Society is constantly changing with technology, which is why its understanable for the masses to go the more efficent route, but being efficent does not outwiegh the numerous cons posed if one decides to choose online scholing. Attending classes from home can lead to health problems, lack of social interaction as well as not gaining the most in dept schooling due to the lack of personal interaction.

Online schooling can be linked to many health problems. Public schooling allows a student to keep a set scheduale of their day to day activites. It allows for a student to have a daily routine, with online schooling this routine is harmed. Most likely the student will lounge at home until an assigment is to be completed, there is nothing pushing the child to get up from their bed. Health risk become abdunt in this atmosphere. Diabites and heart failure are most present in todays society, the efficency allows for no hard work or strive. One becomes increesingly lazy as everything around them requires little effort. Humans genetic makeup forces them to look for the easiest possible route not the most beneficial route. Health problems are gonna constantly surrond a person if they make little effort to leave their house, you house is filled with indulgences ranging from youre bed to the food in you fridge, one must distance themselves from that. Online schooling requires much discipline, something most of society lacks.

Attending classes online limits the amount of social interaction one has with its enviorment. In school learning allows a student to interact with its classmates and fellow peers. Learning within an enviorment surrondeed by friends and classmates allows for one to learn about social cues and interactions, If one is stripped from this privledge they will lack the nesscary steps that will help them gain a better future. Social interaction is what builds a person, extroverted or introverted one needs to interact with its own species. Online schooling prevents this from happening, many introverted people will never be able to gain nesscary social skills if they are not pushed, In school learning allows for that push to occur. Attending online classes limits ones exposure to society. It allows for one to surrond themesleves in their own bubble, a bubble that they are not willing to leave. One has to face adversities within their enviorment to thrive later on, in school learning allows for that.

Online classes allow for a lack of personal interaction between students and teachers. One can not explain their thoughts via email or facetime, students need that face to face interaction to express their thoughts and concerns. Attending classes online leads to zero feedback from the teacher and the student. Schooling is extreamly surface level with this type of learning. An assigment is assigned and completed, their is no disscusion or questions, when one is in an in school enviorment he/she is pushed to ask about the assigmnet. Mearley posting "any question or conerns please email me" does not motivate a student to learn but insted motivates a student to get a good grade. As stated previously online schooling is extreamly shallow, its not about the learning its about the grades one will recive. This type of method of learning leads to failure in the encoding process, one does not properly retain the information but instead has a slight idea of it. Attending classes online leads to a lack of in dept schooling.

In conclusion, i do not belive students would benefit from attending classes online. Online schooling devlops bad habbits in ones psychology and creates a false narritive that the easist solution is the best solution. Attending classes from home will eventually lead to one gaining numerous health problems both mentally, physically and socialiy. Online schooling is an example of societies attempt to confrom the mases towards a technology drivien enviroment. One should stay clear of this and constanly work hard and achive the best education they can get. 