Is there a future for driverless cars? Well certainly there is lots of companies that have been getting into the buisness of driverless cars. Driverless cars are cars that need little to mininum human help. There are a tons of problems with them to this day. Some people show interest in the negative side, or against driverless cars, but others are for the driverless cars.

My view is that driverless cars are a waste of time and energy. Tons of people enjoy the ride of having control behind the wheel. Also, both cars pollute about the same. Most driverless cars are gas, electric, or both. When you look at a chart you will see that the pollution from coal and gasoline are about the same.(Only for cars) When you plug in your driverless car you are using a natural resource called coal. Coal is burned in electrical plants to produce electricity.

The other side of argument is that driverless cars are a good thing. According to paragraph one ",The car he forsees would use half the fuel of today's taxis." That sentence shows that the people that are for driverless cars see change in fuel usage. The people for this car also say that the car has human like driving skills. There also claims of this car being driverless. They also claim that some people get bored behind the wheel of a older car.

There are tons of problems with the other side of this argument. One of the problems is that they see car using less fuel than today's taxis. When in reality they are using abolute the same in coal usage. Other claim that they have stated is that the car is driverless. How can it be driverless if it still needs help through harsh traffic and consruction sites. They also claim that it saves money, but in the end the car will cost a forturne.

This arguement has become one of the hottest topics of the decade. There are people that are for driverless cars. There are also people that are agianst driverless car. When really it is all up to the driver of the car. Would you rather drive a gas powered 1973 Dodge Challenger, or would you rather sit in a driverless 2020 Mercedes-Benz?