Control your life or let it control you. Since technology has improved significantly since the past decades, In the article "Driveless Cars Are Coming" humans are able to create vehicles that drive themselves. They have their pros and cons but the cons out-shape the pros. Driveless cars are lethal, illegal, and time consuming to manufacture.

The first reason on why driveless cars are lethal is that they are not tested fully and can injure the driver very severely if not handled right. This is evident in paragraph 9 where the author states, "manufacturers believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proved more reliably safe." This is a perfect example of how the driveless cars are still unstable and should be tested. Overall, companies still need to improve on some aspects on the driveless car to have it be a safe to use.

The second reason is that the utilization of driveless cars on testing is illegal. Evidence to support this claim is that the author states in paragraph 9, "As a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars." This makes the invention difficult to find it's short comings and hard to sell. More evidence is found that alot of people can get in trouble due to this technology failing, which is found in paragraph nine again, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" This can both harm them because of the injury and the company's reputation. Overall, driveless cars are suited to test because of the law.

Finally, the last reasoning on while driveless cars are suited for the market is because of time. It takes a long time to produce; this is stated by the author in paragraph 5, "Within 10 years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers." It takes the company TEN YEARS to only create one component of the device. Overall, driveless cars take a long time to produce.

Driveless cars can be conducive and negative to the consumer but the draw backs out match the pros with its dangerous to control, legalization, and time consuming process to manufacture. The technology is not ready yet for this device to hit shelves in markets and is best to wait when there is more money involved for this project.  