Estimate Senator:

As one of the people living in Florida I am honor to have the opportunity to wirte you this letter telling you about what I think about keeping the Electoral College. For numerous reasons I think we have a better outcome of getting the candidate we want if we keep the Electoral College method to vote for our candidates.Does reasons are : certanity of outcoem, Everyone's president, and swing states.

Paragraph 1

Topic: Certainty of outcome

Support: Problems over Electoral College is possible but not as much as problems over popular vote. "The reason is that winning candidate's share of the winning candidate's share of the Electoral Colleg invariably exceeds his share of popular vote".This also benefits small states. In addition the is a possibility to have a tie in nationwide electoral vote " because the total number of votes-538-is an even number, but it is highly unlikely.."

Paragraph 2

Topic: Everyone's president

Support: The candidate have to be neutral, it cannot have favorite religion or section of the country because "The residents of the other regions ae likely to feel disenfranshised-to feel that their votes do not count,that the new president will have no regard for their interests,that he really isn't their president".

Paragraph 3

Topic: Swing States

Support: Candiates most of the time choose to focused more on the toss-up states because they are "the most thoughtful voters [and] should be the ones to decide the election".

Counterargument

"The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor".People are worried that the governmetn will choose for them. They do not realise that if we don't have the electoral college than that is is more than likely to happen because the electoral college is what allows us to have a voice, a say, in what we want in our future president.

Conclusion

Keeping the electoral colloge gives the peope the opportunity to choose wisely who they want taking care of them for the next four years.

Thank you for your time,

PROPER_NAME                   