People say that technology is forever chaging, getting better, and more advanced. Some for the good, and some for the bad. Today they are trying to invent cars that drive themselves but still require a driver. However I don't feel like driverless cars are necessary in today's world. There is too much room for error, just like any piece of technology, there's errors, and things can break. Talking about driverless cars means to trust your life with some piece of technology. I want to be confident when I'm drivng, meaning, I'm in full control of what I'm doing. I don't want to have to blame anyone else but my self if I cause an accident.

The first acouple statements of the passage states " Can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore? He envisions a future with a public- transport system where fleets of driverless cars form a public- tansport taxi system." I can't imagine a time like that because there a millions of people out there who are able to drive perfectly by themselves. I don't think that people want to have to rely on calling a driverless car to come pick them up to take them to work or go to other places. People like to be self sufficient, get up and go whenever they want to. People don't want anything holding them back or preventing them of what they want to do.

The passage also states "Most laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and law makers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. Still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" If they continue to go on with the idea of driverless cars, a lot of events have to go right for them. It's going to take a lot of time, to propose new driving laws and getting the technology where they want it to be. I belive if it's not broke, don't fix it. Also if there were to be an accident in one of these cars, the question of liability could cause a lot of problems and headaches. I question the safety of these cars and how reliable they are. I don't think that many people would trust their life with a car that can drive itself.

Driving is a privlage and a huge stepping stone in life. Driving also comes with alot of responsibility, and educates people on saftey, and help with social interaction. Driverless cars also take the fun out of driving. Most teenager boys and girls can not wait until they turn the legal age and can get behind the wheel and drive. Most teenager vison themselves driving anywhere and everywhere after they get their license. Going to driverless cars makes driving boring and doesn't teach young adults the respnsibility and importance of safety while driving. Paragraph 8 states " Why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? Wouldn't drivers get boared waiting for their turn to drive?" It also limits what they learn, like the laws and rules of the roads while driving. Driving is neccessary in most people's lives today, and a lot of people enjoy driving.

Driverless cars sound like they can be very expensive. If Sergey Brin's envision holds true, where are they going to get the money to provide cars for evryone in the world who needs them?

I do not support driverless cars because there is too much room for error, I don't want to rely on a car to pick me up and take me places. Driverless cars limit the learning potential about driving for beginner drivers. Drivng is fine the way it is now, they just need to focus their attention on the cars people drive today.

Although these cars might sound like a good idea now, but could cause a lot of unneccesary chaos in the future. Would you trust your life with a piece of technology that drives you where you desire?   