Dear state senator,

Many people believe that the Electoral College should be abolished, while others believe that the Electoral College should stay as it is. However, what most people who want to keep the electoral college, do not know is that when you vote for a presidential candidate you are actually voting for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. Which means that the people do not get a direct vote towards the president. Therefore, it can cause disinterest in people who are eligible to vote. That is why I argue in favor of changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States.

The first reason as to why I favor in abolishing the Electoral college is because you can not always trust the electors. As shown back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy so that a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy. Also, due to the winner-take-all system, candidates do not spend time in states they know they have no chance in winning, it is obvious that they just want to win and you can not trust those candidates, especially the people who promise to do things they know they can not fulfill. The electors that "the people vote for" do not want to help their state, they do not even care for the needs of the people, they are just there for the money. Another reason as to why you can not trust the electors is because it is known that the electors can vote for whomever they choose and forget about the people's needs. One of the main reasons as to why this causes disintrest in potential voters. If the people vote directly for the president they have a better chance in speaking up and fighting for what they want therefore, trusting. Those are some of the rights that are taken away by the electoral college and people do not even realize it.

Another reason as to why I believe the electoral college should be abolished is because the electoral college is unfair to voters. Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. That is more than half of the people! If the government really cared for what the people want, the electoral college would have been abolished by now. Studies have shown that only half of the people living in the U.S have voted in the pasts elections. If you really want the number of voters to increase and for citizens of the U.S to express their political preferences you should actually listen to them and abolish the electoral college.

Lastly, the electoral college prevents voters from controling who they vote for. Many voters now in days believe that when they vote, their one vote decides the election but, they are wrong. If they abolish the electoral college the voters would have a better chance in having who they want for president. The people who vote in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference we'll have more citizens voting if the electoral college is abolished. How do you expect for U.S citizens to vote and express themselves if they are not heard?            