Limiting car uses will change the enviorment in a dramatic way.

VAUBAN

, Germany

- residents don't use cars, they dont even have room for cars. The only way to get a parking space is at your house which you have to buy for $40,000, along with a home or large garages at the the edge of the develpoment. Streets are completely "car-free" besides a few streets on the edge of the community. 70% doesn't even own cars. Heidrun Wlater, former car owner says "When I had a car was always tense. I'm much happier this way." They are healthier and less tense because they walk, and bicycle keeping their self fit and active.

PARIS

, France

- banned driving due to smog. Even-numbered plates one day then the next day odd-number plates, the ones who did use there cars they got a fine of 22-euro ($31). They did that for five days. 4,000 people were fined and 27 people had their cars impounded due to there reaction to the fine. A car being droven every other day helps out with the polution. it cuts back on the polution if it's not running putting it in the enviorment. It's like if you drive once a week then you are only putting a little bit of polution in the enviorment. You aren't putting as much as you would be if you drove everyday a week.

BOGOTA

, Colombia

- They walk, bike, hike, skate, and take buses to work during the car-free days. It's been the third year in a row that they have had this day. The goal is to reduce smog and it works. Violaters are fined $25. More cities like, Cali, and Valledupar joined the event. They are taking a stand against polution and cleaning up the smog. The bicyclers made 118 miles of bike paths. Just for this day. "This is a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said business man Carlos Arturo Plaza.

United States of America

, President Obama's goal is to curb the green house gas emissions. Everyone is asking "Has America passed peak driving?" In 2013 Americans drove 9% per person below the peak which in January 1995 that's where we were. Cars per house hold has came down. There are cellphone apps now a days thet help out with car pooling. Instead of driving yourself to work ask your co-workers to switch days with you. Some days you drive them to work and other days, they drive you to work. You both would be saving on gas and putting less polutuion in the air. People from the ages 16- to 39- years-olds are just getting thier license, while older people maintain their license was the research Mr. Sivak's has found. Many people just get jobs where they can walk to work, use public transportation or car pool with friends.

Walking, riding a bicycle, hiking, and skating are all ways to get somewhere without creating polution. If there is a way to cut back on polution then you should take that oppertunity. Car-pooling with a friend, or co-worker is also a way to cut back on polution. Instead of two cars coming from an area to go to the same area they should just use one car to go to that area instead of taking to cars for it. My point is save the enviorment and create less polution like Paris, Bogota, and Vauban. They created way to help out the enviorment, you take a stand and you make a change.    