Lesser the car, the better the world will become. Life goes on without cars, Fellows citizens the advantages of limiting car usage is you are reducing pollution in the air.

Fellows citizen the advantages of limiting car usage is you're reducing pollution in the air. experts say that "a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. that explains that there's effort that people are reducing the greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes."After days near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." that's showing there was alot of pollution in the air, so paris had to enforced partial driving ban so that they can clear out the city."congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of france, after five-days of intensifying smog." that's showing car traffiic was reduce after a big smog in the air pollution.

On car-free day people don't get in their car and drive to work, instead they ride a bike or take a bus to work leaving the streets from having a traffic jam."Bogota, Colombia in a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car free day leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams."Days without cars goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. That's showing the day with cars is increase alternative transprotation and decrease air pollution."it's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." That's expains it's a good idea for not driving on the road, So that you can take away stress and lower air pollution. The day without cars is part of an improvement campaign." It's saying that the day without cars is helping the campaign.

In conclusion, Life goes on without car, Citizrns helping the world to reduce air pollution in the air by having a day called "A day without cars". By people taking buses, riding their bikes or walking on the side walks will benifit the world.                                                            