With the rise of technology in schools, many questions arise.

One major question is, would students benefit more from an online classroom setting, and video conference classes.

Or would they benefit more from a normal classroom setting.

I believe that most students would benefit more in a regular classroom setting, because the atmosphere in a normal classroom is completely different from one online, students also learn better with hands on learning and training.

Lastly, it seems for many of my classmates, including myself, that it is much easier to get work done for an "in school" class.

Being in a real classroom is completely different from an online classroom in many ways.

I can tell you from experience being in a real classroom has benefited me in lots of ways.

I've faced and overcome my fear of public speaking in a real classroom.

I've also always been the one to retaliate when someone makes me mad, but being in a classroom with other students that pick on you and mess with you has taught me that not everyone and everything needs a response.

I would dare say that being in a classroom setting has made me more mature, and has prepared me for the future.

Although some students do well with passive learning; I believe most students do best by learning with hands on activities.

I once read an article that had a statistic in it saying that 70 percent of students learn better with hands on activities.

Where only 30 percent learned better with passive learning.

Online classes prevent students from learning with hands on activities.

I am in an AP Statistics class this year, and I do best when the teacher shows us what to do.

I often do worse when he just gives us steps to follow, and then tells us to complete the task.

I would also say that my fellow classmates agree with me.

In my history class, my teacher often teaches in a passive way.

He tells us what happened and doesn't give us worksheets or classwork to do.

He stands up at the front of the classroom the entire class period, tells us about the certain unit we are on, then at the end of the period he gives us a homework assignment that we have to complete.

I feel like that is much of online learning is like, and I can tell you that most of the kids in my class don't do well with that type of learning.

Getting work done for online classes is much harder compared to a classroom setting.

In some online courses you don't have to do your classwork by a certain time of the day.

You just have to have it done by a certain day of the week.

I know how I procrastinate and how my classmates do the same thing, and I think being in a real classroom provides more motivation to get work done and succeed in the class.

It is also easier to review past concepts from previous classes in a classroom setting compared to an online classroom, because in real a classroom you can interact with other students and bring ideas to the teacher to review.

In online classes you may not always be able to do that.

To conclude, I do believe that some students learn better passively, but I also believe more students learn better in a classroom setting with hands on activities.

Students benefit from building relationships with their teachers, which turn into their mentors.

Students learn better by working together in groups, and in return that teaches them to work better with other people.

Finally, being enrolled in an normal classroom provides more motivation for students to get their work done, and succeed in the class, which at the end of the day is the whole point of taking the class right?