The electoral college has many reasons it should stay , but more reasons why it should be gone. The electoral college is giving people false hope in the election, yet many people think there choosing the president , or they have voice when really the choose the electors who choose the president. The election should be chosen by popular vote afterall it is the peoples "say" who runs there country.

In the electoral college who really has a voice apparently not the people. In the article "What is the Electoral College " author "The Office Of The Federal register" it proclaims " You help  choose your state electors when you vote for president because when you chose your canditate you actually vote for your candidates electors. It is evident that many people really not dont know who there "voting" for in the democratic government . We have discovered the decision isn't in  the people hands , but did we think about how "the electors could always defy the will of the people" in the article "The Indefensible Electoral College" author Bradford Plumer says , and he makes a valid point no matter if your candidate wins by a landslide the electors still choose who becomes president.

Another reason why the electoral college should be changed into popular vote is because each has a diffrent amount of electors. If you thought not being able to actually your president was wrong, but what about your state having fewer or more electoral votes ,and thats the deciding factor on if your candidate wins.  Author of the " The Indefinsible Electoral College" Pulmer states "at the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voter, because of the winner-take -all system in each state,candidates dont spend time in states they know thaey hace no chance in winning". The electoral college should be done away with imediately not only is the democratic system is not so democratic

, but its not letting the peoples voice be heard.

Futhermore it is evident that the election should be based on popular votes. And if its based on popular votes the people voices will be heard , and they will actually have a say in which candidate wins . And isn't that why America is so special because it lets peoples voices be heard. Dont take that distinctive factor away because it makes

The United states

Of America what it is today "

free

".    