Just imagine students not learning anything new during the summer break. That can have a really bad impact on the students because it will play a big role on how they start school again. Students should keep learning even though they are having a break from school. The summer projects can really help students start their school year. However, these projects shouldn't be decided by the students. The summer projects should be designed by the teachers because the projects will be challenging, educating, and made to guide students in the following school year.

The first reason why summer projects should be teacher-designed is that the teachers will make the projects challenging for the students. Making the projects challenging can help a student use their brain at a high level. My teachers would always make my summer projects pretty difficult and it would take me many days to finish the whole thing. The teachers want to make it challenging for the students because they want students to get use to the environment of the school. Some might argue that making the projects challenging can give students a hard time. However, students need to be challenged because if they don't, they will have trouble finishing assignments from school. This reason shows that projects should be teacher-designed because if it were decided by the students, they would try to make it as simple as possible.

Another reason why summer projects should be teacher-designed is that the teachers will make the summer projects educating for the students. The whole point for the projects are to educate the students and for them to keep learning during the break. I have seen that teachers make projects in a way to increase a student's knowledge even more. The projects are meant to teach students about topics that would come in use in the future. Some people might say that projects are not educating, and that they are only given to students just to complete it. That is not true at all because a summer project's purpose is to teach students in some way without having a teacher around them. Summer projects can be really useful and can help a student learn when it is designed by teacher.

Finally, my last reason to why summer projects should be teacher-designed is that the summer projects will be made to guide students in the following school year. These projects can help out students during the school year even though the projects were given to them during the summer break. I noticed that whenever I had completed my summer assignments, I would do really well in school because the projects were like a preview of what we are going to learn in school. The projects should be made by the teachers because they know what the students are going to learn in their classes. Some debate that the projects don't really come in use after the students complete it. Well, not really because the things that the students did and learned while doing the project will help a student succeed in school. The school year can be easier for the students if the summer projects are made by the teachers.

The summer projects will be challenging, educating, and made to guide students during the school year proves that the summer projects should be teacher-designed. There are so many benefits for the students when the summer projects are assigned by a teacher. A teacher's purpose is to teach and help a student succeed. So they will make projects that are the most beneficial to the students. A student's grades are likely to increase if they are assigned projects by their teacher every summer break. Making the summer projects teacher-designed should be a school's top priority if they want their school and students to be successful. 