The use of cars around the world are having an impact on the envoirnment today.  Being able to limit the use of cars would be benifical to your wellbeing and the enviornment.

In Vauban, Germany there is a suburb that doesn't have any cars. People are allowed to own cars but there are only two places to park, which are the two large garages at the edge of the development. Also the owner must pay $40,000 for a space, along with a home. The majority of the residents do not own cars and say they are happier this way. This community is an example that is trending throughout Europe, and is trying to kick start a movement called "smart planning". "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States"(Rosenthal 5). The air is becoming very polluted and there are efforts being made to try and fix the issue.

In Paris, there was a day of near-record pollution. They decided to enforce a law banning certain cars on certain days to try and help clear the air. On Modays, people with even-numbered licence plates had to leave there cars at home or pay a fine of 22-euro or $31. About 4,000 people were fined that day. The congestion was down 60% in paris as well, and the smo cleared up enough monday for the French to decide on the banning of odd-numbered plates on Tuesday also.

Aslo in Bogota, Colombia there is a day without cars. There goal is to promotes alternative transportation and reduce the amount of smog. Anyone who violated this law was fined $25. " It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said buisinessman  Carlos Arturo Plaza(selsky 24). This trend is spreading, with other Colombian cites joining the event.

The end of car culture is among us in the United States. Studies have shown that people are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licences as the years go by. The number of miles driven in the United states peaked in 2005 and is steadily dropping . As of April 2013, that number has dropped by about 9% and is equal to where the United states was in January 1995. The new generation are not finding drivin or even etting a licence a priorty anymore. They plan there work and social life by were they can walk or use a alternative  transportation. Bills are being made to help with the amount of pollution made by cars and are trying to gie the people more opportunities to use alternative transportations.

The amount of pollution created by cars are effecting our envoirnment. As shown in the example of paris, that by limiting the amount of cars o the road you can prevent some of the air pollution increasing the quaility of the air. Also not having to worry about driving has decreased stress in some cases. Overall limiting car usage would be beneficial to your wellbeing and the enviornment.    