Learning helps you understand better, and it's the way of life. Everybody goes to school and learn, but other peoples stay home and learn. Students that made the decision to stay home and learn is doing what's best for them; especially if they are not comfortable going to school. In my belief learning from home does benefit because students can graduate faster, sick children are still able to learn, and students would be successful in future life.

Many students that are going to school are tired. I am a student that has been going to school for many of years; I am pretty much tired and exhausted! That is why I am taking online classes to finish my classes. Taking online classes helps a lot, mostly if students wants to finish school and get it over with. I am not going to lie school is so stressful. Finishing all the classes that we need and have enough credits, that is a mission accomplished. It makes us feel good and have that motivation to keep going forward with school, and by then we would reach our goals.

We have graduated early and it our decision on what we want to do with our life, some people may want to go to early college, or some people choose to chase their dream. Whatever keep us motivated we will keep going. That keeps us happy because we do things that want us to be motivated, and only way to get it over with is, taking online classes to graduate early.

It aches to hear people doubting other people just because they are sick. Sick people can still learn. Its not like they are some one else. For example, as a child I love to learn, it made me feel good about myself, but I was sick. And everyone thinks that because I was sick I won't be able to learn anything, I was left behind. It made me feel upset that I won't be able to learn like other children. It had me feeling down, so I told my mom I want to learn, I want to keep going to school. I had that motivation as a child that learning keeps me happy and understand the world I'm in. It helps me learn new things everyday. It made me feel so good about myself! I started home bounds; it is a program that students can still able to learn in any condition. I would video call my teachers every week days and learn. It made me feels so good, and look at where I am! I am happy where I have came, school can be stressful. But it helps me feel happy and focus on that task, expect of worrying about things that would upsets me. Video conferencing benefited me and it helps me where I am at today.

A way of being successful in life is to learn. A student that is passionate to finish school early and go on to chase their career is successful in life. Anyone can do what they want in life if they put effort to it. Taking online classes helps a lot, it benefit students. It keeps them happy on what they have chosen to do with their own life. Finish the classes and graduate early, see the real world behind them. Look what they want in life. Students want to see who they are,they want to chose who they want to be. Its their decision on what they want to be. For example, I remember reading a book about chasing dreams, a dream can't be chased if you haven't finish the important things in life, like school. Taking online classes would helps a lot. Do it and finish everything, and get it out of the way. Once we did the important things, chase the dream we want. It would be easier in life to get important things out of the way. And we don't have to worry about anything and just follow whatever that we wants to be.

In conclusion, attending classes from home by taking online classes, or video conferencing does benefits students. It helps students to graduate faster, it keeps sick student to still learn, and students to be successful in life on who they want to be. Without having a choice of taking online classes or video conferencing, students would not have any choices of how to get their education, it would be a whole mess.            