Limiting car usage can and will benifent us in all different ways. The so called "smart planning"is to make it where all cars are sold, or not used and people start walking everywhere they go. With doing this the pollution rate will go down and make the Earth a better place. Not everyone is doing this, Vauban, Paris, and Bogota are the main places that are trying or have started .

First, As stated in passage #2, After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the gobal city. Almost 4,000 drivers were fined, according to Reuters and 27 people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. Public transit was free of charge from Friday to Monday, according to the BBC. After reading this i feel like it's a good things that people are starting to do somethng like this, i just don't find it right that people are being fined, they could have gave people a warning and gave them a time line to find out how there were going to get around and make to far places they had to go. Not everyone has a bike, and alot of people have kids. At least they are making it were the public transit is free and working certant days.

Second, In passage #3 it states that,In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. It was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city 7 million. The goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Violators faced $25 fines. With this i'm okay about the fines because its just for one day, everyone should have enough respect for there home [Earth], to not use transportation for one day, and it's not like they just came up the idea they have been doing it for 3 years, i believe people should be fined more because if you can't have enough respect for one day then you obiously  don't deserve the money you have because it useless anyway and if not fined more money get their driving privilages tooken away.

Conclusion, i believe that going a day without any transportation would be good, maybe not just on day, but i also feel like you shouldn't gat rid of cars all the way. People being fined for not wanting to just do it for one day should get there cars tookin away, they don't deserve to ride around and polute our air. But taking cars away all at once its'nt right and people shouldn't be fined for it.    