Have you ever driven a car? If so, were you actually driving or was this car a driverless car? Many people are preferring to ride in driverless cars or semi driverless cars. Without your eyes on the road, how can driverless cars be safe? The Author of "Driverless Cars Are Coming" gives examples of how driverless cars can result in being late, more expensive, and more acciddents.

In the story " Driverless Cars Are Coming" paragraph three, states many companies that have started making these driverless cars. One being General Motors, whose idea was towards "Smart Roads". Having smart roads would be rediculous becuase of the expensises in using magnets and the special car sensor needed. If we had smart raods, and the road broke, what would we do? Basing all of our driving on a "Smart Road" would increase the risk of it breaking and everyone being late.

Okay, so smart raods are a terrible idea. What about smart cars? Google came out with a Toyota Prius. The prius uses postion-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a roatating senor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automatic radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. Sounds cool right? There are a couple problems with all of this stuff on a car. The first problem being that if one thing broke it would be super expensive. the second problem being if one thing broke nobodywould be able to drive at all. The last problem with all of the gudgets on the car is having the extra weight on the car would make the gas milage go through the roof.

So, smart roads and smart cars are starting to sound like a bad idea. Still can not make up your mind? Take the human mind as a consideration. These smart cars would make humans lazy. If we had these driverless cars we would not pay any attention to whats going on on the road. In the story "Driverless Cars Are Coming" paragraph eight reads " some manufacturers hope to bring in-car entertainment. Think about what would happen if a car had a malfunction, would the other riders in the driverless cars be paying attention? Think about if a kid ran in the street after thier ball, would the car or the driver know? Finally, think about how much boring the world would be if you only rode in the car not drove it? Would you see the the beautiful blue sky or the amazing adventure of the forest? No, you wpould not. The little things are what make driving such a privledge not a right.

In conclusion, driverless cars are not a good idea. As people, we should always look ahead at what is in front of us. In "Driverless Cars Are Coming", the author states both good and bad ideas of the driverless cars, I encourge you to think about the little things and the bad thing, on why we should not allow driverless cars.       