The requirement of some schools to have summer projects in order to continue the learning process during their break as left an ongoing debate. To solve this issue, the wonderful people who gave me this prompt have stated two different outcomes. Allow teachers to design projects or allow students to design their own projects. Based on my assumption, even though allowing students to design their own project would be fantastic. I strongly agree that teachers should be held responsible for the creation of projects during the summer, because students don't have the proper knowledge/experience, a greater challenge will be opposed to students and encourage unmotivated students when they are put in charge.

My first reason as to why students should not be placed in charge in response to making projects is that they will not fully understand the true characteristics nor have the proper experience to commit such task as a teacher would. For one, teachers of all kind have been legally certifited by the federal government, had additional practice at their academic college/university and had encountered the problem of designing a project multiple times.

The teachers design will likely to be more presentable is my second arguement. With having more experience and having a brief knowledge about where each student stands in terms of their struggles, teachers are able to identify the exact design that would proportionally match their difficulties. Which ops a greater challenge towards students.

Assigning a formal student the task of completing a design for a project will tend to typically be unmotivating for the student. For an example, let's suppose that you as a student were given the access to design a project of any kind from your own choice. You would most likely suggest something that is easy to achieve while still granting you an "A". By making students decide, the outcome would be very uncertain. In some cases, the design will be unacceptable in the preception of the teachers view.

Even though allowing students to design their own projects over the summer would be a wonderful idea in students eyes, the advantages of teachers designing projects would out weigh that of the students, and I so strongly encourage/believe that the arguement of teachers being responsible is better for the design of the projects because students don't have the essential experience, a greater challenge will be opposed, and unmotivate students when they are in charge. 