The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" is able to suggest and back up their claim of Venus being a worthy pursuit despite it's dangers by stating facts showing how science and technology will help us in the pursuit of exploring to Venus. They gets us concerned by stating the perrils of exploring venus. Then they state why the audience should be interested in exploring Venus, and proceeds to counter the perrils by stating technological advancements being made to lessen the extreme environment on Venus.

The author shows the perrils by first stating the dangers and compare them to intense atmospheres on Earth, such as how the ground temperature on Venus is over 800 degrees fahrenheit and would instantly melt most metals. Another example that he gives would be when they states that the gravitational pull of Venus would crush a submarine that was meant to explore the deepest depths of the ocean at Earth. One more example of this would be when says that staying above it is still a danger because of how hot and unbearable it would be. Those are the situations that he has listed.

After saying all the dangers of exploring Venus the author decides to mention why scientists are still attempting to explore the dangerous planet. An example would be that Venus is very much like Earth. In the article the author mentions Venus and Earth having many of the same features, such as mountains and valleys as well as evidence showing Venus possibly containing water and oceans. Another thing the author tells us is that the planets orbit at different times, so at times Earth may be closest to Venus, and other times we are closer to Mars. Those are all reasons why scientists wish to explore Venus further.

The author, after having told us the conditions and reasons to explore Mars goes further. The author then states technological advancements being made to help survive the conditions on Venus to obtain samples and such. An example the author gives us would be mentioning A device that would lessen the conditions on Venus to make it at least tolerable. Another example would be creating a lab that would create the same atmosphere as venus so scientists could create machines capable of surviving the harsh environment. Those are all examples stated in the text.

After stating the perils, the motivations, and the advancements towards Venus, the author is able to canvey their message in a clear and concise way. The evidence used to back up their claims are able to show how important Venus is to Scientists and mankind alike. Venus should be further explored despite have harsh conditions because it's the closest thing to Earth. There are also technological advancements being made to adapt to Venus in order to possibly inhabit Venus.