Distracted Driving

Did you know that car crash fatalities are the number one cause for teen deaths in the United States? In fact, according to TeenSafe. com, 11 teens die as a result of texting and driving each day. Distracted driving has now been universally labeled as an epidemic in America and a large quantity of distracted driving incidents stem from cell phone use. Cell Phones should not be eligible for use when handling a street motor vehicle.

When people use cell phones, all of their focus is not directed toward driving.

Whilst listening to music or conversations (like from a podcast or a call), drivers dedicated focus on the road decreases by 40%. This is a major reason as to why cell phone use leads to 1.6 million wrecks a year. Without being allowed to use cell phones while driving would make it so everyone is solely focused on driving and uses their full brain capacity to reduce the risk of crashes.

Even without constant use of a cellular device whilst driving, it still has a hindrance on people's ability to view the road. Our brains instinctively respond to the alerts our phones send us, making it nearly impossible to resist the temptation to do so. Aceable. com says that you are 1.4x as likely to crash when just simply reaching for your phone and 23x the risk when texting, which is 6 times the risk of when under the influence. If we can't handle not reaching for our phones, then it needs to be banned similarly to alcohol.

Alcohol is made so that you are not allowed to travel with open containers. Cell Phones should be completely off and tucked away somewhere for you to retrieve them for when you are finished traveling. Your phone should not be on your person if you are controlling a vehicle to avoid the temptation. If you decide not to turn your phone off, you must pull over safely and steadily when you wish to answer a call that may be of importance. Following these rules would drastically decrease both the risk of getting into wrecks and the number of annual fatalities that come from distracted driving.

https://teensafe. com/100-distracted-driving-facts-statistics-for-2018/

https://www. nhtsa. gov/risky-driving/distracted-driving https://infotracer. com/driving-records/texting-and-driving-stats/

https://www. aceable. com/safe-driving/likelihood-of-crashing-while-distracted/   