Dear Senator Don Gates,

There has been many arguments about whether or not to keep the electoral college or to change the election process by popular vote. The best way to go would be to use popular vote. The Electoral College is "unfair, outdated, and irrational." (Plumer, paragraph 14). There are so many reasons as to why you should change to popular vote, When you vote for your candidate, you're actually voting for your candidates electors, sometimes the state legislatures pick the electors, and also its an unfair process to voters. The Electoral College needs to be booted out!

When you go to vote, you think that you are directly voting for your candidates, that is no the case. You are actually voting for your candidates electors. You cannot control who your electors vote for either. They do not always vote for the same person you wnat them to. Voters may sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate. This has happened. If the process were done by popular vote then their wouldnt be these problems taking place.

Who picks the electors? Sometimes it is the State Legislautures. They are responsible. In the article

"The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong"

, it states that in 1960, segregationists almos succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new ones that would then oppose John F. Kennedy. This was so a popular vote would not go to Kennedy. Also it was stated that "faithless" electors have refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a vote for whomever they please. This doesnt seem fair to the people.

The whole process of the Electoral College is "unfair to voters". There is a reason behind this accusation. The winner-take-all system to be more precise. Candidates dont spend time in states that they know they have not a slight chance of winning, they tend to focus more on the "swing" states. During a campaign in 2000, seventeen states didnt get to see candidates at all. Voters in 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad. As it was stated in the article

"The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong",

"If anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters in Ohio, they have yet to make it...".

The Electoral College is not the best way to decide who runs our military, or nation. We need a way to have a fair and equal vote. Popular vote is the way. Though the electoral college is a quick and easier way to get votes in, it isnt very efficient. The process isnt fair to the people at all, you're not directly voting for the candidate of your choice, and state legislatures, who have opinions, pick the elctors. Bob Dole was right: Abolish rhe electoral college!    