Have you ever wondered why people ask more than one person for advice? Advice that anyone could have different opinions on for their own reasons. Asking for multiple opinions from different people is important because of having a different perspective, knowing the pros and cons , and the importance of understanding each other.

Seeing things from a different perspective can impact on how you yourself would of handled it. When I was in a situation I asked a peer about what they would of done if they were in the same situation as me, and having the response they would of done really helped me found a different point of view about how to handle it. Having multiple perspectives onto what the other person in the situation would of reacted if I were not to ask someone for their advice before resolving the conflict. I am a person that would always think about the other person in any situation and the way they would see things, therefore having multiple reasons and perspectives onto how the other person in the conflict would see it differently than I would is important. The conflict could have many emotions and everyone in their own ways are emotional. I know that different people have their own emotions and how they take a different type of situations in life, I myself seem to mostly have anger emotion in any situation and having a different person with more of a sad emotion can impact the way I see the conflict and how I would resolve the situation by using different emotions from an others perspective. That is why having an others perspective is helpful for a conflict.

Knowing the pros and cons in any situation. Most people would mostly focus on the pros while resolving the conflict. I know and see a lot of people be more positive towards any situation because they would most likely want to be kind and positive towards you and not be negative at all and would like to not have any problems or have to handle being in that certain situation. Being negative in any conflict isnt a bad thing at all because someone could see onto how the other person or thing is bad for them and cannot continue to be all positive in that situation. I see situations in the negative way cause of seeing on why its not good for me, and knowing that I should not continue this situation and then later on having more problems. There is a ton of people that also like to think about both the pros and cons in any situation that they were put in. Most people would like to resolve any situation without being more negative nor more positive, they are just neutral. Those are the reasons onto how knowing the pros and cons can impact any situation.

The importance of understanding each other. People tend to seem more dramatic and not understanding at all when it comes to situations and they dont know how to handle it. In my opinion teens are the most dramatic ones during resolving any type of conflict they are in with another person, and why we need advice to help us see how to handle the situation but not dramatically. When it comes to a situation with two people, someone obviously thinks way differently than the other and they do not agree on anything together and its important to not just argue all the time but to understand where the other person is coming from and why that effects the situation to continue and not finish. There's a lot of people who like to not care about what the other is saying and that's how the situation really begins and getting some advice from someone is very helpful, so that the conversation would stop and not be all about arguing and not caring for the other at all. There's a lot of advice that people say about how not to be violent with the other person and to be nice while approaching each other. Since Im in middle school there's a lot of violence between each other and honestly I dont see how others just like to fight each other to resolve anything, I think that everyone needs to understand each other instead of not putting in the effort at all, because without understanding it just causes more problems to occur. Thats why I think knowing how to understand each other is important.

Those reasons are on why asking multiple people for advice to have different perspectives, knowing the pros and cons, and the importance of understanding each other, to help resolve any situations that comes your way. In my opinion those reasons and examples really seem to help out in any conflict when it comes to more than one person in any situation.                          