Would you rather walk or drive a car going to work?

it would be much more easier to drive a car, right? In today's generation people use their car for transportation going to work or just driving around. All their going to do is pay more gas and spend more,but gas today is more expensive than years ago. Many people need to realize that their are to wasting gas and it can create more traffic jams because many people need to get to their destination on time or not on time. The fellow citizens needs to have an advantage of limiting car usage.

To begin with, Car can create more gas usage because many people just go to shorter destination or longer destination. But the things is that people just waste gas because they dont realized how they are spending a lot of money. For example, a girl is going to the store closer to home, she is thinking if she going to drive her car or walk and she is thinking to drive her car, why? because she would rather not walk or she is to lazy. The girl is wasting her gas. In today's society many people need to open their eyes and realized thing on how much they are spending on car usage.

According to this source 3: "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in

Bagota", " Bogota, Columbia-In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, bikes, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jam (paragraph 20)". This quote states that many of the Colombians are supporting their country car usage. They would rather hiked, bikes, skated or took buses to work. Also, it cannot lead to traffic jams. The fellow citizens need to look over what many people are trying to do to limit their car usage because other people cannot afford buying a car. For example,  many years ago only people who are wealthy can only afford cars and those who cannot afford it, they would make an effort to make things as possible to get in their destination and enjoy walking rather than riding car.

Furthermore, walking and riding a bike could make things possible for everyone. People need to notice that driving a car could make things much harder. According to this source 1: " In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars", " In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communities, and legislators are to act, if cautiously". This quote states that the United States are planning to reduce car usage because it looks like many people today are having a lot of car accidents. For example, driving while texting. This can create less accidents.

In conclusion, Fellow citizens need to set their limits on car usage.

they need to realized on how it  can create a mess in the world full of car transportation. Also, knowing on how much they pay for gas  and also it can lead to massive traffic jams. They need to have  advantage of using car usage. They could ride a bike or walk to go reach their destination.            