Imagine it, sitting at home in your pajamas getting ready to take a test for high school, and it sounds to good to be true. Many schools do offer programs like this so they can open up space in classes for other students. These programs have shown improvement in student mental health as well as scores. Students who take classes at home would benefit students because it would improve overall grades in certain classes, help students with more family responsibility get an education, and students don't need to worry about the stress of the classroom.

Certain classes don't require as much guidance from the teacher as others, and that is just the reality of it. Classes such as math and sciences require students just to know how to work a problem, and that can be taught with a book or a video. So with more of the more technical classes being at home grades will improve because of the more time dedicated to learning a concept at home instead of a more limited time in the classroom. Also if you do have a question for the course at home technology today allows us to instantly communicate an issue to our teachers. Overall students in this environment can gain a lot out of working out problems at home.

Some students have missed school some days or even dropout because of responsibilities at home. Online classes provides them means to be able to get an education and better improve their lives. This allows opportunities for higher education or even a shot at a job. Online classes give the time needed for students that have more responsibilities to learn key concepts in classes. These students have the work ethic to be great students,but lack the time to work on school. However because of online classes they can work and excel at it.

The stress and anxiety of the classroom creates an setting that makes students not get the help required to learn the material, but with digital courses the more stressed students can learn the concepts. Students put pressure on other students to move along with a lesson especially when no other students are confused; this leaves some students behind in courses. Also for the few students that do fall behind are affect the whole year due to missing one key concept at the beginning of the year. This can be solved with online classrooms because it is a much more one on one learning experience, and allows students to grasp the main ideas. Students who suffer from stress and anxiety can have an equal opportunities as the more confident students.

In conclusion,students overall who have difficulty due to time, mental health,and just plain boredom can have an equal shot at an education as other students. Online classes are the path to success for students that have to take care of younger siblings or work to support their families. Also they give students who don't need to much help in a class to have more flexibility in a class. Finally students who suffer from anxiety are given a chance to really learn a concept,and not fall behind their piers. The idea of an online classroom will be the future of the education system in not only Virginia, but The whole United States.