We all need to have a break right? Well,now Google wants to create a driverless car in the future. In this argumentative essay I will talk about how we should have driverless cars in the future and how beneficial it can be.

I think that driverless cars are better and they should be allowed because some people drive from twelve hours to there destination and even thirty-two hours from their destination. I would say it is a good idea because some familys take road trips and the driver is usually very tired after hours of driving in the same position. According to paragraph one,Google cofounder Sergey Brin believes that such cars would fundementally change the world,and personally,it could change my dads world. Also,we need driverless cars becuase some people drive at night and their sight and brain can be unconscious and have a wreck. Driving at night can be and will be very exhausting,but if you are too tired to even pay attention to the road,the best thing to do is to lay down in your car and let the car do its own thing.

Another reason I think it should be allowed is because of all the reckless driving there is in this world. Of course,according to paragraph seven,Google didnt extend the possibilites of having a successful driverless car. They just made the driverless car not really driverless. I mean,in paragraph seven it states clearly that the car will have a sensor in order for the passenger in the drivers seat to take action whenever there is an accident or upcoming traffic. In someway it sounds helpful but in another way it just sounds as if the driver is still driving no matter what. They should create driverless cars becuase some people have accidents and can result in death. So,to avoid that we need those driverless cars,we need something that can be useful for people who are seniors and when they are drunk or are just learning to drive. Also,we do need it for the people who take road trips or the people who have business trips and just have to drive for hours.

My third reason on which we should have driverless cars is that we might want to see and enjoy the view of the outside. The passangers are not a problem when coming to viewing the outside world through their window,but the passanger will get exhausted just looking straight infront of him. We need to think that the driver also wants a little taste of what is out there to see. Like my mom,she likes to see out in the window but she cant because she has to keep her focus infront of her. Our brain can also go to a point where it can get exhausted and they eyesight fails some of the time it fails and the accidents happen.

In conclusion,we should have driverless cars because they will be useful for all of us,especially the ones who have to drive for hours just to get to their destination. It will also be helpful for the people who drive at night. Some people cant even see at night and they just crash. So,I think that we should have driverless cars because it will be beneficial for all of us.