Most students, strongly dislike summer assignments, because when school is over we want to relax and enjoy our time off. But, what we don't realize is that these summer projects can be very helpful in the future. Once we go back to school, and as we get older and closer to graduate we try taking difficult and more advanced classes to bump our gpa. To be in these classes, most of the time, teachers assign summer assignments to give the students an idea of how the class is going to be and the certain skills you need to maintain to be in that class. I believe that these projects should be teacher-designed because the teachers already know what the standards are in that class, and what objectives you need to be familiar with before coming into that class. Also, if a student were to design the summer projects, they might make it easy for their fellow peers and not work at their full potential.

I believe that teachers should design the summer projects because they know what can benefit you as a student and want to see you succeed as much as possible. One reason why I think teachers should design the summer projects is that the teachers already learned the subjects they are teaching. So, they could create a summer project that could help the students understand the material the teachers struggled with learning when they were once students. Another reason why I think the summer projects should be teacher designed, is because the teachers probably have taught the class before and know what topics you need to be familiar with when you arrive to that class. Also, the teachers have had experiences with students in the past and know what skills and work ethic you need to succeed in that class. In my opinion I think that students required to complete the summer projects would be better off if it were designed by a teacher.

If the summer projects were designed by the students I feel like the students wouldn't make it as challenging as the teachers would. I feel like the students wouldn't work to their full potential since they know the teacher didn't design the project. As a student, I think that sometimes we try to find an easy way out to complete an assignment and I think that the students would make the project not as challenging and in the future that could affect how we would do in the class and the easy project would reflect on our grade if we dont know the full material. Also I think that the students might not know the criteria as well as the teachers do, to assign a project on it.

Overall, I think that the teachers should be the ones to design the summer projects because they have the experience and the students could ask them questions if they need to involving the project. The students would defiantly benefit from the teachers designing the project because it would give them an idea on how the class would be like in the next school year and would prepare them to strive in their classes. On the other hand, if the students were to design the summer projects they wouldn't know what topics to include, unlike the teachers that have had experiences with other kids completing their assignments in the past. In conclusion, I think that the students would be better off if the projects were teacher-designed. 