One reason people seek different opinions is because some people have different opinions on what people should do. Seeking different people's opinions allows you to get all the information from all sides. If people seek more than one person's advice then you would be able to compare the information to see what you think is the best choice. Also, if people seek more than one person's advice then the person might be able to collect all the information and put it together.

Another reason people ask different people is because the first person may not be giving you the best advice. Like, what if the first person's advice is pretty good, but then the next person you ask has better advice. If the person asked advice from more than one person then you wouldn't have to be stuck with the bad information. If you just ask for one person's advice and it was bad advice then it could get you in really big trouble. Like, if you rely on one person's advice and they told you that if they start making you mad then you can put your hands on them. What if the person you put hands on presses charges then you could go to jail for a long time. If you asked another person's opinion then you may not be in the situation that you are in.

The next reason why people ask different people for adivce is because if the advice the person gave you worked for them, but it didn't work for you. Like, if a person is having trouble with their dog alerting them that they need to use the restroom. So that their dog doesn't keep going to the restroom in the house. They might say "you could give your dog a treat when they alert you they need to go to the restroom". If that doesn't work, but you only asked one person for advice. Then, you would be mad because the advice didn't work. Next, you would have to ask another person for advice, but at the beginning if you would have just asked more than one person then you would be able to peice the information together.

Finally, if people ask more than one person's advice then it will help you make the best choice possible.