Many kids think it's ok when having a grade C average. I'm not saying having a C is a bad thing, It's just that kids can work a little harder to get what they deserve. I think it's not such a bad idea to change the required average from C to B. It would encourage kids to get better grades, do more with their lives, and be more responsible. I don't think the kids' parents would want their child getting nothing but C' s!

When students love, and want to play sports, and hear, "You must have a C grade average" , that makes them think they don't have to work hard in school. Getting a C is way easier then getting a B, all you have to do is not do your work. That has always been easy for kid to do. Unfortunately, sports isn't everything. There's a lot more stuff to be good at, like being smart. To play college or professional sports, you still have to go through school to make it to that point of college.

Kids just think, "Well I'm just going to play this sport all my life, and make money off of that." Either you have to retire, or get injured, you'll need a plan B. If you're not used to doing your work and making good grades, what else are you going to do? If you're not in sports anymore you'll have to do something else, either a singer or business man. Both of those require going to school and working hard, and if you're not able to do so, the rest of life will seem extremely hard.

I also think, that by raising the required average, it would make the kids more responsible. It can get a little tough keeping up with your work sometimes, especially when you start to get more than one class. So having a B average gives them a sense of responsibility. That will also help them in life. Being responsible, and making good decisions can change peoples' lives for the better, have a wonderful life style.

To sum this argument up, it's not bad to have a C average, but it's also not great. Having a C average all the time might not get you anywhere in life. You won't have high paying celery, you won't get the home you've always wanted, and it might be harder to pay the bills you're going to get. I agree with the principal, that decision will change childrens' lives for the better.      