"Travels on Earth should not be limited by dangers and doubts." The author supports this claim well through the article to lead readers to believe that they should expand their imagination and innovation.

Venus is one of the best planets to observe over all the other planets. It is dangerous, but is the closest planet to Earth and is referred to as Earth's "twin." People have sent spacecrafts to Venus before to see the conditions, but have only lasted a few hours. People are smart enough to realize that humans could not handle the conditions on Venus. This does not mean that people should stop trying, because there are already some solutions to solve this problem.

It is a challenge, despite how close the planet is to Earth. The fact that Venus is so inhospitable makes astronomers want to solve the problem of the conditions even more. What also makes them fascinated is that Venus once use to be the most like Earth. The author states, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." Scientists predicted that Venus was most likely full of oceans and various life forms, just like Earth. This is another reason that scientists want to find out about the mysterious planet.

NASA already has ideas of how humans could study Venus. "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray." What the author means by this statement is that humans need to avoid the bad ground conditions and stay above them, like airplanes fly above storms. This means that humans could survive the conditions about thirty feet above the planet while observing it. The problem is there is limited eyesight. The author states, "Many researches are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus." NASA has already found a way to observe from afar, and researches are still working on ways to increase what humans know about Venus. By using this statement, the author is stating that people are being very cautious about the dangers, and would not allow a person to risk their life by going on a spaceship to Venus. NASA will wait unless they are sure that the machines can take the conditions.

The ideas that researches from NASA have so far include, simplified electronics made of an element called silicon carbide. The author wrote, "Electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." More projects include, mechanical computers that had an important role in World War II. People find it shocking that these old compters could help find more about Venus. "These devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. Modern computers are enormously powerful and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions." It is a risk to go to Venus, but the precautions, technology, and science that are being used to solve the problem of the inhumane conditions could make it safe to observe Venus.

The claim the author made about studying Venus despite the risks is proven by what he states in the article. He stated solutions to the risks and dangers of Venus. He stated why Venus is an important planet to observe. He wrote how NASA is still researching ways to solve the condition problem. If there is a solution out there to study Venus that will be safe to humans, then the risks on Venus matter a lot less. This statement is especially true since what is on this planet could lead to major discoveries and is scientifically productive. The author states, "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." Humans observe risky things all the time, including the depths of the ocean. People have solved many dangerous problems, but still continue to find intimidating endeavors, because humans are curious, imaginative, and innovative. Venus is the nearest option for a planetary visit. The discovery of what is on this planet could lead humans to amazing discoveries that could not be found out if humans play it safe. The author claims this statement in the article and proves that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. 