Imagine being in a classroom full of loud students. You wouldnt get much done. With that being said dont you think that giving students the opportunity to take their classes at home? Although some students need "hands on learning it should still be an opportunity. It sounds like a fantastic idea to me because some students work better alone and around no one, and it could also help students stay caught up and work at their own pace, and it would show how advance some of the students really are.

To begin with, some students work better by alone and around no one. Some times being in a classroom can be difficult for students. Most of the time its really loud and no one is really paying attention which can be hard for the students really trying to just get their work done and pass the class. Not saying that it has to be completely silent in a classroom for everyone to focus, but imagine being in a class where the students talk the entire period or continue to get in trouble, it would be hard to stay focused and get everything done right? When students get around other students they tend to do things to empress one another which can make it very hard for other students to get their stuff done. Meanwhile students could be at home doing their work. Just picture how much you could get done in a shorter time span at home by your self! A lot right? The only way you could get distracted at home while your doing your work would be if you distract yourself.

In addition, it could help students work at their own pace. Have you ever been in class and the teacher starts going to fast and your too busy trying to catch up that you end up not knowing what your doing? So wouldnt it be just wonderful if you could stay at home and do your classes online and just have video conferences. You could work at your own pace and go as fast or as slow ass yo please. Even if you felt like you need help or if you even had a question you cold still get in touch with a teacher that would be very willing to help you with whatever you need help with. For example at my school we have an online class called Plato which is something the school uses to help students make up any classes they need to make up at their own pace. Its not as bad as it seems, the whole course is do at the end of the year which gives you year to work on it whenever you feel like it. Students would get so much more done if they could work at their own pace. In a classroom full of students everyone works different some people work faster than others. Every students is capable of doing it but some just dont work as fats others, so giving them the opportunity to their work at home, and at their own pace is a marvelous idea!

Last but not least, it would show how advance some students really are. Being in a classroom can be very difficult especially when it comes to seeing how much your students really know. For example my freshman year in high school i had this friend named Generic_Name, everyone in that class though he was so smart he did all of his work and even turned in om time. Near the end of the year when we were testing everyone had submitted their test except Generic_Name, and when he did he had got the lowest grade in the class, when the teacher asked him hat happened he couldnt give her a reasonable answer, later we fond out the he had been cheating his way through her class and he couldnt cheat on the end of the year test. Now for his sophomore year he takes an online course for that class and hes actually doing much better and his grades are great. Now that he gets to work at his own pace and gets to do his work as he pleases hes doing way better! When you let students get the hang of what their doing and work how they want they tend to d better and make more progress. Scientist read that 89.7% of students that take their classes online tend to be more advanced.

Now that you know how beneficial giving students the opportunity to take classes online is you can agree with me because, some students work better alone, and around no one, and it could help students work at their own pace, and it would show how advanced that student is. 