Venus is a planet deemed to be the Earth's twin due to their relations in density and size. This has led to NASA sending unmanned drones to Venus due to this intrest in how similar Earth can be to the " Evening Star." These facts have led to people such as the author of the article " The Challange of Exploring Venus," to give his thoughts about meeting the challange that the exploration of Venus provides. Using details from the article it is conmfirmable that the author did well while supporting this idea.

At the beginning of the article I was provided many facts about Venus which told me that the author was highly enthusiastic about the planet itself. In his fourth paragraph he began to talk about how Venus had features very similar to Earth such as valleys, mountains, and craters. This tells me that there is still a high amount of interest in the planet despite its amospheric pressure being able to crush a submarine that ventures into the deepest parts of our oceans. By providing these facts despite the obvious danger he provides any reader a sense of adventure and willigness to go beyond what we know is possible, and venture into what we thought was impossible.

In his sixth paragraph the author goes on to state that peering down at Venus can only provide so much information due to a researcher not being able to take any kind of sample from a safe distance. This is all said to support the idea that Venus is a worth pursuit despite the danger presented, along with his final statement that researches are working on innovations that would allow for contributions to our knowledge of Venus. This is the author telling us that though an exploration of Venus wouldn't bring us conclusive evidence or findings currently, that these efforts would allow us to rise above the challanges presented currently. This willingness to expand our knowledge is accountable to how he is supporting his belief so effortlessly.

Before suggesting that a solution can be created the author did speak of a modern solution to our problem. The problem being that we have not been able to explore venus thoughroughly even though we have sent unmanned drones before. This problem is cause by the average heat being over eight-hundred degrees Farenheit and melting the drones metal. Despite this the author provides the idea of flying at a certain altitude that could allow us to avoid the ground conditions and rest a ship thirty miles or more above the prementioned conditions.

He also brings up the fact that the solar power would be plentiful and the radiation woudln't exceed the levels reached on Earth.

In conclusion, the authors willingess to concieve solutions is a clear sign that he has supported his idea very well. He has done so well that even I, the reader, even believe his ideas that we should explore Venus itself. Anyone can spout their ideas or opinions and turn them into a persuasive article. Despite this, it takes more than that to create an article sucha as this that can fuffill its intended purpose and show how much an author cares along with how well he can make an audiecne recieve his idealology.