In a competitive world where automobiles keep getting faster, drivers are more reckless, and the death toll is rising, a solution to maintain public safety is necessary. Distracted and careless drivers may no longer be a public menace with the rise of a new technology, driverless cars. Driverless cars are beneficial to the public because the cars will have a better sense of the world around them, and they will eliminate most of the dangers of drunk and/or drowsy drivers.

The continued evolution of a self-driving car has created many advanced sensors that can sense and adjust to the world around it more efficiently than any human.

According to "Driverless Cars Are Coming," a sensing system called LIDAR that "uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings." This would eliminate the current problem of blindspots and reduce the rate of collisions dramatically. The LIDAR system would also be able to instantly sense any changes in the surrounding area, where as a human would only be aware of a change if he/she looked in the correct mirror, or when a collision was already happening. There has also been an advance in wheel sensors. According to "Driverless Cars Are Coming", these sensors can detect various dangerous situations and can "...cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." Obviously, these sensors can keep the passengers and general public safer than just one unassisted driver.

Along with more advanced features, comes the elimination of many public menaces and dangerous drivers. If a driver is drowsy, they won't be endangering the public, because the car would be driving for them. There won't be any slip of the wheel to send a car into a ditch, a heavy foot excelerating the car into a tree or pedestrian, or fender benders because the driver was unable to apply the brake. Of course, if the car would happen to need a driver, the safety sensors could easily wake up the sleeping passenger with vibrating seats, as mentioned in paragraph seven of "Driverless Cars Are Coming," voices demanding the driver to take over, and other alarms to wake the driver up. In the case of drunk driving, even though they may need to take the wheel in certain situations, it would be quite rarely, and would still decrease the danger of drunk drivers. Someday the self-driving car may no longer need any human assistance, which would eliminate the danger of drowsy and drunk drivers all together.

In conclusion, the creation of self-driving cars would be beneficial to overall public safety because the developing sensors can already detect and adapt to changes more efficiently than a human can, and it would eliminate the danger of sleeping, distracted, and drunk drivers. 