Every year, the residents of Bogota, Colombia celebrate a trending event known as Car-Free Day. This skyrocketing campaign has led to as many as 7 million people giving up cars for the day, which reduces air pollution, promotes exercise, and avoids traffic jams. This may seem like a strange phenomenon, but reduced driving is spreading all around the globe. Just to name an example, there are multiple towns who have also caught on; such as Vauban, Germany where only as many as 30 percent own cars.

There are multiple advantages to reducing cars from our lifestyles. A very large pro is how much we can reduce Greenhouse gasses. Not too long ago, there was a long span of near-record amounts of air pollution in Paris, France. In an attempt to fix this issue, they came up with a plan. The scheme was decided to order Even-numbered license plates to leave their cars behind for the day, or be fined $31 (22 Euros). Odd-numbered cars would be told the same would apply for them the following day. Unfortunately, approximately four thousand people were fined, with twenty seven others having their cars impounded. just after five days, the smog was so thick that it rivaled one of the most polluted areas in the world; Beijing, China. along with the weather, much of the smog was blamed by the massive amounts of diesel fuel that France uses. Many complained, but after accepting free public transit, and exceptions for hybrids and electric cars, the smog cleared enough for the French to take back the ban.

"Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the united states," Claims Elisabeth Rosenthal, who wrote "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars". In response to some of these things, a recently finished city in Germany has completely car-free roads (with a few exceptions). This is because of a few reasons. Firstly, Vauban, Germany doesn't have any parking, driveways, or garages. the only place you can park is in either of the two large parking garages that you would buy a $40,000 parking space for, along with your home. This has resulted in seventy percent of the population of Vauban to be without cars, and about fifty seven selling theirs to move here. Suburbs like these have been trending all across Eurpope. In return, this has provied the community with less traffic, much less pollution, and the creation of denser cities so it's better for walking to and from the shops and resturuants on mainstreet. According to Heidrun Walter, who is a mother of two, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way."

With more walking, and less sitting at the wheel, this can also provide more social interactions. Many people now ride bikes together to and from work, and there is less stress from traffic jams due to packed streets. This way, enviroments are more relaxed, open. Even for those who don't give up driving completely, now carpool and travel in groups to reduce gas use and air pollution.

This trend has even begun to spread to the United states, the car capital of the world. Although the Vehicle's immense popularity, the density of usage here has finally started to decline. Teens are getting their licenses later, and not even getting a car until much after. This is also a good thing for multiple reasons. There are less reckless teenagers roaming the streets, and much safer roads, along with the help of Carpooling, there is much less gas being used, and more excercise when people decide to ride their bikes or walk places.

There are numerous reasons we should reduce driving, Let it be reducing air pollution, promoting exercise, and avoiding traffic jams. even if we take small steps, we can create a much healthier lifestyle with just a small change.    