Every school should have a principle authority figure, otherwise who or how would schools maintain in safety, cleanliness, and education wise, but doesn't mean that they have all authority, to force their students into liking or joining any type of activity? I personally think that it would be very ignorant to push their students into signing into an activity that he or she interested at all meaningthe student that doesn't enjoy any sort of activity. I think that if some students were to be forced to choose any sort of school activity meaning they'd have to choose one they'd enjoy it because of the varieties some schools have, but what is the other percentage of students that don't seem to be interested in any sort of activity that he or shes school provide and their principle is forcing them to they'd feel very overwhelmed so is it really worth it to force students into doing such things? not really its just makes life harder for the student in reality it's not smart to pressure students especially because they are developing into adults.

First, I personally think that its great that some schools have the opportunity to have extracurricular activities like sports, arts, engineering, and photography type of activities at school but to be completely honest some schools don't have many varieties and well for the school authority figure to make such rule that their students have to choose at least one activity at their school would be really unfair for both students and parents. why would it be unfair that the school is forcing students into forcing them into signing up for extracurricular activities? Because its not right to choose something for someone without he or shes consent in this type of situation. Schools have many choices but never enough because there are a lot of different students with different interest so if this decision were to be acknowledged the school environment wouldn't be healthy because it would show that the school doesn't care for students freedom of speech, and opinion on the decision. I think that the if the principle would ask for the students opinion on the extracurricular activities half of a percentage would agree and the other half of the percentage would disagree as I do as well. I think that because why not leave this as they were the students that enjoy the school activities do what they please and the the other half that don't enjoy any sort of activity just stay as they are and don't sign into any activity. Its easier like that both sides are satisfied and get their way.

Second, I that what if the schools only provided sports type of activities and for example students would feel a really overwhelmed, and stressed out if they'd have to pick any sort of sport;because some of as students aren't the sports type and to encourage someone to do something they don't enjoy would be really harsh. I know for sure that i'm not a sport type and I knowing that for sure I have to sign up for that certain activity i'd feel I have no solution because I know for sure i'm not a jock type. If my principle or for example another students principle were to order their students to sign into an activity at least one only containing any sort of sport I know for sure that the percentage of students who don't enjoy sports wouldn't sign but if otherwise being forced into students would have to sign to prevent consequences with their principles. The question is what if a student doesn't sign up to any extracurricular activity? do he or she get into any type of conflict is it smart that that the student gets in trouble for not wanting to participate in any type or sort of activity? the answer is no really the principle would look very ignorant in this sort of situation only because the student is choosing not contribute in any sort of activity during the year.

Third, I agree that in order to maintain a healthy school environment there should be a principle provided to provide authority, and organization to the school, but is it really worth it to make students choose something they don't enjoy? No because it would be so selfish to force students into an activity that they might not even like because they meaning the students are choosing the extracurricular activity just to get away from getting facing any conflict with the principle later on. To be brutally honest i think it would be wrong for a student to be pushed into something he or she might not like and would rather not participate instead because some students are simply not interested in any sort of activity that he or shes school might provide. Schools shouldn't do these sort of things it could put the student in a difficult situation and could effect grades because they are being pressured into choosing something they arent interested in it could be tough. And that is the third reason I would disagree with the decision that the principle must suggest students should take at least one extracurricular activity provided at their school.

In conclusion, no student should have to be forced into signing into clubs, or any type of activity provided only if the student gives their own consent that they are interested in any sort of school activity that their school provides. I apoligize to whom who has this type of school environment at their school it must be tough for some students that have this type of environment in which they are forced into activities that they might not enjoy it's not bad its selfish because what if principles were to be in the same position as the student they wouldn't agree much, I think that for all theses reasons I disagree with this decision its just not fair to the students they should be able to have their own perspective on things and should be able to have their own choices. And for all of these reasons I strongly disagree with the decision that principle getting all authority yes they help schools maintain but making choices for their students would be wrong and selfish.