Phones & Driving

The Majority of people in this world, owns and operates a motor vehicle. Most people on this world drives them everywhere. But there are things that people need to learn how to keep in check before having the name "pro driver", and that would be a good attention span. People are too busy drawing their attention on phones! People drive while on the phone, texting, gets distracted from a notification and bam.. An accident occurs. There are hundreds of accidents, maybe even thousands, involving cars. While this debate rages on, Drivers should NOT use cellular devices in any form while driving as it can cause plenty of accidents,that can harm and kill lots of innocent people, leading to death, and it will cost you and the country a lot of money, IF you make it alive!

Using Cellphones at any capacity is a danger to society. It will most likely get you into a seriously bad accident. These accidents cause many people do get injured, or loose their life. Fatal car accidents that happen every 16 minutes. According to www. asirt. org, it says "Over 37,000 people die in road crashes each year. An additional 2.35 million are injured or disabled". This proves how many people a year get into car accidents, Millions a year, and that is unacceptable. The site also states "Over 1,600 children under 15 years of age die each year.

Nearly 8,000 people are killed in crashes involving drivers ages 16-20". This shows not only is it adults, its thousands of teens as well. We are talking about a generation that mostly cares about nothing but their phones, which explains why statistics show how teens attention span causes accidents more than a lot of other people.

Another reason while using a cellular device while driving, is that not only will it get you into an accident, it will have the country pay a lot of money for all 2 PLUS million of accidents that happens year. Some, may even come out of your own pockets if your insurance company refuses to pay and you lose a trial. According to branlawfirm. com ,"The U.S. pays about $230.6 billion in car accident costs annually - an average of $820 per U.S. citizen". This proves that the U.S will be saving billions and billions of dollars if you eliminate all the car accidents that have happened over the years and could have used it for more other good causes. A site, Www. supermoney. com says "I represented a family whose 9-year-old son was struck by a car. He spent a week in the hospital and racked up $100,000 in medical bills. The insurance company for the driver said the boy was 50% at fault, that he shouldn't have run out in the street. The police also blamed the kid.". This quote is accurate and to conclude this claim, this shows the fact that there's more than just having injuries and car insurance, it's also the medical bill you have to worry about because if you are at fault for being distracted on your phone you will end up paying a house worth of money for your medical care.

In Conclusion, drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. The DIstraction causes plenty of accidents,that can harm and kill lots of innocent people, leading to death, and it will cost you and the country a lot of money. It cost the country over 200 billion dollars that they have to give up for all the car accidents, instead of doing what needs to be done for this country like saving global warming or enforcing gun laws, etc. The death rates in america is a lot cause by car accidents, and a lot of the people are teens whose attention is all on their phones. I would think twice about having a phone in the car as accidents and death involving cars is extremely predictable.   