Dear Senator,

The Electoral College is the best proven method for electing the president and produces great results, so it should be kept. It does have its mistakes, and faults, but who or what in the world does not? Many people do not favor this method of election, and argue that:"The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational.",these people may be right, but for the many past presidents that it has successfully elected, either for the good or bad, we the people are the main power for it. The electoral college does not just elect the president by itself, it works on what the people elect.

The reason that many people do not favor the electoral college is that they feel insecure knowing that they aren't voting for the president directly, just for electors who are voting for their chosen presidential candidate. It is all a phsycological insecurity for those who haven't gotten used to the fact that they don't have a direct power over what they want for the well-being of the government and the citizens. Also the fact that their are flaws in this method of election gets people nervous about a disaster happening, mainly because a mistake has happened before. "In 2000 U.S. presidential race, Al Gore recieved more individual votes than George W. Bush nationwide, but Bush won the election, recieving 271 electoral votes to Gore's 266." Bradford Plumer is very against the electoral college because of its past misgivings, or mistakes, and does not trust what it might do in the future.

The electoral college may possess many past mistakes and close runs, but it works unlike any other system of election that has been thought of. It produces very certain outcomes and results, the college selects all of the votes,sorts them, and releases the correct amount of votes for the president voted for. It is the least stressful, clearest, and fairest procedure for electing the president while at the same time being fair to all of the average people voting for their desired president. Because of all of the benefits that it promises, and the outcome for every voter, this fantastic method of election should be continued at least until a better method for choosing the president of the United States is discovered, and confirmed to be superior to our current system now.    