Have you ever been making a decision and didn't know who to ask for advice? Well the best option is to ask multiple people. Most people make a decision after asking only one person for advice, but when you ask multiple people you're more likely to make a better choice. Asking multiple people for advice and getting different opinions is good because you can think about all the factors, you will have options rather then having one person tell you what to do, and lastly if everyone gives you the same advice its probably the best option to choose.

The first reason I believe talking to more then one person about advice is better for making choices, is that you will have options rather then having one person tell you what to do. When you only take advice from one person it can be bias as to where when you get multiple opinions you see both sides. For example lets say you were thinking about getting a dog your friends would say something like "Yes you should get a dog they're so cute." but your mom might say "They are a lot of work and responsibility." so when you ask different people you get to see both sides of a situation.

The second reason I think asking multiple people for advice is you get a bunch of different opinions. Like lets say you aren't sure if you want to be friends with someone anymore one person you ask might say "You should just cut them off completely." but maybe someone else might say "You dot have to stop being friends with them just maybe dont hang out as much."

With both of these answers in mind you have options to choose from when making a decision.

The final reason I believe that asking many people for opinions is better for making choices is when more people say the same the greater the chance of it being a good choice. For example when you are trying to choose between two things like what to get for lunch a salad or a sandwich and the majority of people are saying sandwich thats probably the one you should get.

In conclusion asking multiple people for advice and getting many opinions back is good because you can think about all the different factors, you will have options rather then having one person tell you what to do, and finally if everyone is saying the same thing its probably a good choice to make. If you are ever struggling to make a decision its better to have multiple people weigh in on the situation rather than just one.   