Making a decision can be difficult for some people which is why they choose to reach out to others for help. Asking for advice from different people can bring someone to make the best decision, feel reassured, and more confidant with their choice.

Asking for advice can force others to make the best decision in order to benefit them. When people go to others for advice they want to see all possible outcomes in order to come up with the best conclusion. When I was in elementary school I was debating whether or not I should be home schooled. However, I didn't want to make the wrong choice and regret it, so I decided to speak to my friends and family about their opinion on the matter. My previous friends that were home schooled explained all the events and activities they were able to do with all the spare time they had. Others told me I wouldn't enjoy being alone without kids my age and fall behind in class. Having all these different opinions both negative and positive I had to think about what would make me happy. After what seemed like forever, with everyone's thoughts and opinions, I had come to the conclusion that I would in fact become home schooled. Having my friends and family give me their advice and being able see all the different scenarios helped me come to the best decision I had ever made for myself. I ended up being home schooled for two years and I was doing fanominal. Not only does asking for advice from others help make the best decision for themselves but it also helps make people feel reassured.

Getting advice from your peers can provide reassurance towards others in making a big decision. People tend to stress out when there is a decision to be made since they don't want to make the wrong one and have to go through with it. When people seek advice from several people they want their opinion to match with others in order to feel reassured with their thoughts, and when people do agree with their decision they feel more comfortable and are able to relax. Last year, I was in a toxic friendship and didn't know if I should end it or if I was just overreacting. I came to the conclusion that it wasn't just me feeling this way; I discovered that my friends and family had noticed how negative and one sided our friendship was but never knew how to tell me. At school when I was with her I felt as though I was just a burden for her to carry around. Moreover, I figured out that it was long over due to end this friendship since it was too negative and unhealthy. I wanted to speak with my parents about how they would feel towards my idea. After a long conversation, my parents advised me to leave the negative situation in order to feel healthy again and be surrounded with people who love me. Due to the fact that I checked with my parents on their beliefs that matched mine I felt comfortable and reassured that I had made the correct choice. Asking for advice can provide reassurance and can also provide confidence in themselves and their beliefs.

The last thing seeking advice from others can do, is make others feel more confidant in themselves and their choices. People usually feel more confidant when others give them advice in order to come up with the best outcome since others believe in that too. In 2015 I was invited to compete for Generic_Name in Generic_City but I wasn't positive if I really wanted to go. One of friends had previously competed for them so I turned to her for advice on what a should do. Since this was my fist pageant I had no clue what to do and she offered to guide me through everything and teach me all the things I needed to know if I were to attend. After a few weeks I had finally made my answer, I was going to compete for Generic_Name! My parents both thought it was a great opportunity for me to have this experience. My friend and I practiced everyday in order for me to be at my best and give it my all. The day of the competition had arrived and I felt so nervous that I would completely mess up but was confidant i myself that I could do it. The long hours of practice with my friend had payed off and I felt prepared for my performance. Consequently, I won third place in Top Model and was overjoyed since I worked hard and earned my trophies. Due to my friend and family advising me to pursue the competition, I had the confidence to continue and go through with the pageant. Having people support your decision and actions makes you stronger and when they're advice supports your own thoughts, it makes us confidant. Receiving advice helps in many ways such as boosting confidence which positively helps everyone.

Receiving advice from others helps people make the best decision since they are able to review all possible outcomes and pick the one that suits them, feel reassured when others have the same beliefs, and are able to feel confidant when others support you and advise you in order for it to benefit you. Making a decision can be difficult for some people which is why they choose to reach out to others for help.