Learning from home thought the power of the internet. Google was founded in 1998 so this is in many ways a new concept but a crucial one at that. Online learning opens up possibilities for people who may not be able to make it to school, When natural disasters and viruses prevent kids from going to school, and providing education to those less fortunate.

First, people with disability and medical conditions that prevent them from attending school. When it come to having a disability or medical condition can really make it hard for a family to make sure their child is getting educated; thats why I believe its crucial that public schools offer online/alternate learning outlets. My mom got pneumonia and was in in school at the time her teacher was really understanding and offered to Skype and help catch up on missed material; she also did this while my mother was pregnant. When my mom passed her bar exam her teacher bought her and the whole family tickets to go to kings dominion.

Furthermore, natural disasters and biological hazards. One issue we may be getting ready for is the corona virus I know this coming up Monday we dont have school to prep teachers on the possibly of teaching from home do to this outbreak. Imagine a flood, earthquake, hurricane, or a tornado all very real possibilities that could be just right around the corner and we dont know it. That why I think we need to have mass alternative learning systems that can continue education when events like this do happen.

Finally, providing education to those less fortunate or those who may not jive well with the traditional way of schooling. All kids in the United States have the right to an education regardless of economic status. Many kids live in very dangerous areas that expose them to things like gangs and drugs, so having an option for parents to opt out of traditional schooling would greatly reduce these dangerous behaviors. Some kids have trouble going along with day to day schooling. options like TSRC make it possible for these kids to succeed as well.

In conclusion, providing and having alternative learning options in place make it possible for education to continue even when tradition means are not possible. I believe a lot is being done to make this a reality with one to one computers but there is still more work to do in many less fortunate areas of the US. 