In this modern age, approximately three percent of all students in the United States are fixated in their home or in a hospital due to an illness or a disability. These students do not have the ability to attend a classroom, in which they can absorb the knowledge that they need in order to advance forward in life. However, they have nothing else but to stare blankly through the window of their room or to mindlessly wait as they recover. On a different note, many students such as myself can not always attend school each and every day, whether it is due to a sickness or a disability that affects the student physically or mentally. In regards to the implement of a distance learning option in the current education system, students all across the United States and beyond would be benefited by a decrease in information that is forgotten as well as a stronger connection between the student and teacher.

Many students have realized that if they were to miss even a single day of school, no matter the reason, they are likely to have a hard time gathering and understanding the information that they had missed. Now imagine that you were not physically able to come to school for a significant amount of time, how would you find a way to make up the immense amount of knowledge that you missed? This is a situation that I was personally involved in, in which I had previously contracted a combination of the flu as well as the horrible symptoms of calcium deficiency. While I was under the effects of the illnesses, I was physically not able to attend school for five consecutive days as well as finish the assignments that I had missed. As soon as I fully recovered and was able to attend school, my class had already finished the previous section that I had missed and had moved into learning brand new information. While I tried to make up my missed work and assignments, I was under immense pressure of keeping up with my past assignments as well as my current assignments at the time. As you can see, missing any time from school and trying to make up your past work as well as completing your current work can be very strenuous for any student. With the help of a online software that can display the information discussed in a class, many students would be able to regain the knowledge that they had missed and be better adapted towards getting back into class.

Something that is usually not discussed in the education system is the relationship that is built between the student and the teacher. This connection can more or less affect the way how the student learns and gathers information as well as how the teacher teaches and communicates the information to their students. As I have seen throughout my time in various schools, the teachers that have displayed the class's information in an inviting and fun manner are the classes that I tend to do the best in. On the contrary, I have also seen that if the teachers were to showcase the class's information in a mildly harsh or rude manner, I usually end up getting an average score in the class. On the other hand of this topic, some individuals may suggest that the connection between the student and teacher has no meaningful impact on how well the student gains the information. Although this aspect of education may not be as important as people may say, there is definitely a correlation between how strong the connection between the student and the teacher to how well the student receives and understands the information that they are given. If students and teachers were given a software that would allow the student to contact their teacher regarding their assignments, it is with great certainty that the student would be more able to thoroughly understand the information that they had missed as well as develop a meaningful connection with their teacher.

To conclude, the use of a online software that would allow students and teachers alike to vitually communicate regarding school assignments and such would be incredibly beneficial towards the student's education as well as the teacher's general understanding of their class. This software would also be especially beneficial to a student who was unable to attend school, whether it was due to an illness or disability, by allowing them to learn the information that they had missed. Various benefits such as a decrease in knowledge that is forgotten and a stronger connection built between the student and teacher can all be provided by the implement of an online communication system. With the help of an online communication software, countless students in the United States would be incredibly benefited as well as encouraged to do well in school. 