To test students on their knowledge, teachers have begun to assign projects rather than traditional tests. There has been a debate on if these projects should be designed by teachers or by students. I believe these summer projects need to be teacher- designed. The teachers have much more experience at designing projects, the students may assign themselves an easier project, and the teachers get payed tax revenue for the sole purpose of teaching children and designing projects.

The first major reason these projects should be teacher- designed is that teachers have experience in creating projects. Most teachers have gone through many years of education to get where they are today. They have gained skills and insight that most students do not have. Because teachers have this experience and knowledge, they know how they can force their students to display what they know. A project is meant to be a creative display of the collective information students have learned. Because students have not been prepared in education, they do not have the skills to properly design a project for other students. Some people may argue that when teachers let students design their own projects, they are teaching them important skills such as problem solving. Although their problem solving skills may be tested, they are still more likely to design a less efficient project due to their lack of education preparation.

Where as a student lacks this education preparation, a teacher has spent years gathering it. Teachers can use their knowledge to create the perfect project for the class.

Another reason projects should be designed by teachers is that the students may try to design an easier project so they can complete it quicker. As a student myself, I know that many students will try to get out of work if they can. Every school has issues with students not completing their assignments. When given the power to chose their work load, students most often pick an easier assignment. When most teachers assign a project, they do not want it to be a quick and easy task for the students. A project is meant to challenge the student. Students typically try to avoid such challenges. Students, like all humans on earth, are flawed. From my own high school experience, I know that I would design my project to give me the best chance of receiving an excellent grade. If students are forced to design projects, projects will become less efficient in displaying what a student understands. Teachers are more willing to challenge the students and help them grow.

The final reason that teachers should design projects is that they are payed to do so. A significant portion of American tax revenue is used to pay teachers who work across the country. When teachers force students to design projects, the teacher is pawning off his or her own work to the students. Many tax- paying citizens would be incredibly upset to see their taxes go to waste. If teachers are allowed to pawn off their work and still get payed, it sets a very poor example for the young, impressionable students. It teaches the students that you can make others do your work just so you can receive the credit. It would be unethical for any teacher to force their own student into fulfilling the job and tasks of a teacher.

In conclusion, all school projects should be designed by the teacher because it would be morally irresponsible if they did not. Projects should be designed by teachers because teachers have more education preparation than students, the students tend to avoid hard work, and teachers are payed to design projects and classwork. If we allow students to design projects, the American education system would be doing a great disservice to the young students of today, and the the leaders of tomorrow.     