I think students would benefit from being able to attend online classes from home, because students will be more willing to attend classes if they can do it from home, and more students will get their work done since they won't be distracted by their friends or other students.

One reason I find it beneficial for students to be able to take online classes, is that more students will be willing to attend to their online classes. Many students have been late to school or absent from school at least once, either because of an emergency, they woke up late, or something in their schedule conflicts with school. If students were to have the ability to take online classes from home, then students would be able to get to their classes with the click of a button. I'm usually never late to my classes, but there were some times where online classes would've helped.

Another reason as to why I find online classes beneficial for students, is because more students will get their work done since they won't be distracted by friends or other students. Getting distracted by friends at school makes it hard for students to focus on their work at school, therefore, giving the students only the time they get at home to complete their work. If they had the opportunity to take online classes at home, then they wouldn't get distracted by friends or other students, giving them all day to work on their assignments. I personally don't get distracted by friends often, but I've seen other students get distracted by their friends and I know online classes they could do at home would help them.

A counterclaim to this would be that since the students are at home, they could get lazy and not do their work, or not even attend their classes. Students could get lazy and could easily get distracted by their phones and other devices, and since the students are at home, it would be difficult for a teacher or admin to monitor whether a student is doing other things on his or her phone that is not school related. I get distracted on my phone most of the time when I'm home, hence why I think it would be best for students to get school work phones that they can do their school work on.

In conclusion, I believe that online classes would benefit students by helping them attend to their classes more often, and it would reduce the amount of distractions around them so they can get their work done. 