I strongly beleive Driveless car will be useless in the future. The engineer might pull it off in 2020,but i still beleive most people will be uninterested. Driveless cars are illegle in most state,Nobody know the price yet but Driveless cars are most likely will be over price,people hate changes,and it does not gaurentee for safety. I beleive that Driveless car will be useless.

I strongly beleive Driveless care will be useless in in the future because it is illegle in most state and i will lose my driving skills. Even if we can afford them but if its illegle how are we going to drive and get around? First,nobody want to go to jail,just for driving a driveless car. Forexample,only California,Nevada,Florida and the district of colombia are the only states that allow the Driveless car because the other states knows that;it is just waste of time. Third,i rather drive a a normal car because i had already passed my lisence so i do not want to lose my driving skills. Finally,I still want to the driver,i dont like the ideas of car being its own driver.

I strongly beleive Driveless cars will be useless because it will be over price.

First,most of the Americans are middle class and most of us can not afford cars like this. Second,Most people buy used car because they can not afford the new one or they want to save up the money. Driveless car will waste alot of monet. Forexample, the gas and battery price willl cost alot because it uses battery for mostly controlling it self with gps. Finally,Driveless car will cost you alot and it does not gaurentee for a ssafety so there is no piont of wasting money on something useless.

I strongly beleive Driveless cars will be useless in the future because most people in USA hate changes. Forexample,I hated when my teaches changes my classes,and I hated when my coaches changes our practice time. People like the same routine,nobody want to charge their car over night or changes the oils with more expensive stuff. Third,most people like what they are driving everyday because they like the routine and it is affrodable. Finally,Driveless car will changes all the routine and it will cost alot more.

I strongly beleive driveless cars will be useless in the future. I beleive the engineer will pull it off in 2020 but it will not worth the time. First,Driveless cars are illegle in most state. Second,dirveless car will be over priced. Third,People hate changes so what is the point of making something that is useless. Finally,we love what we have and Driveless cars will just be useless for most people.        