Phones and Driving

In America today, drivers make mistakes, because they choose to operate their cell phones while driving. These mistakes range from drivers running through traffic lights or stop signs, to them actually colliding with pedestrians or other vehicles. People should not operate their cell phones while driving, because doing so is distracting, and can lead to unfortunate occurrences. When people operate their phones while driving, they are at risk of: insurance rates increase, being involved in an automobile accident, and being punished for negligent driving.

One reason people should not use cell phones while driving is because this can lead to insurance rate increases. Receiving citations can have an effect on insurance rate. For example, when a driver runs through a traffic light or stop sign and receives a citation by law enforcement, this information is generally reported to the driver's insurance company. This possibly effect males differently than females. According to Isabel Prontes, "Young men under the age of twenty-five generally pay higher auto insurance rates than young women" (https://pocketsense. com>. Likewise, a driver's insurance rate will very likely increase when they have an accident. If the driver is at fault of the accident, then they have to pay for damages done to the number of vehicles that was involved. Since Georgia has passed the law banning cell phone operation while driving; frequently, there are victims who continue to break this law, and eventually get caught. Receiving citations (tickets) causes an increase in drivers' automobile insurance rates.

Furthermore, there are many incidents that can occur when drivers operate their cell phones while driving. If an individual is walking/ jogging, and a driver ends up hitting the pedestrian with the vehicle, this mishap occurred due to negligent driving. Moreover, some drivers run into other vehicles because they are operating their phones while behind the wheel, instead of being attentive to their driving. In addition, some people actually are on their phone, not realizing that they are pulling out in front of another vehicle, causing an accident as a result. Law enforcement suggests that drivers pull over before tampering with their phone or those drivers should wait until they reach their destination before engaging in phone use. Some accidents (due to cell phone use while driving) are even fatal.

Finally, there are punishments that should be mandated for negligent driving due to cellphone operation while driving. One punishment could be major fines increase for all violators. In addition, negligent drivers should have to face jail time for this offense, particularly when the violator is found guilty of vehicular homicide. Undeniably, no amount of money can replace a life. However, drivers should be held accountable when they do not drive responsibly.

This essay has informed you on why it is not safe to be on phones and drive. Honestly, I do not agree with phone operation while driving, because, of the amount of fatalities that has happened, and also now in Georgia, cell phone use while driving is illegal. Cell phone operation while driving is still a major problem in the United States, subjecting citizens to the risks of: insurance rate increases being involved in an automobile, and being punished for negligent driving. Constantly, emergency personnel are racing up and down the highway, responding to accidents caused by cell phone operation while driving. People are trying to figure out how to prevent victims from operating their phones while driving by putting hands free phone devices and navigation systems in vehicles. Yet adults and children are still dying, because of phone use while driving. Maybe one day a philosopher will come up with a great invention that will prevent the injuries and deaths of more victims.                            