Dear Principal,

Community service is a praiseworthy act of kindness.

Some people will do it the pure benefit of the community, while others have dissimilar opinions.

That's why it is vital to have children make this decision for themselves.

Forcing children in your school to do this task is disastrous.

Most students have many extra-curricular activities that they participate in daily.

Adding the community service policy would obliterate them of their precious time, that is already so rare.

Trying to juggle soccer, homework, and friends is already a great amount.

Adding this community service act is adding fuel to the fire.

It pushes kids to go beyond their capacity of balancing life.

By doing this homework won't get done, and therefore education is being deprived.

Research shows that 47% of children across America are silently struggling with school and life in general.

These studies conducted that having more free time to wind down after a days work relieves 89% of stress.

With these astounding numbers, how could you afford to put their health and well-being in jeopardy?

So much pressure is already on children these days; why add more?

Have you ever thought about the possibility of students not taking the whole ordeal seriously? Its an almost sure product.

It only takes one child to make a day of charity, a day of regret.

When children slack off, is community service really getting done?

If so, does it have the right intentions behind it? If not the excursion would be a waste of time for the children and the community.

No one these days has time to waste.

One might argue that doing the community service would be a great learning experience that teaches of moral and ethical values.

But, at school level ages, children cannot recognize these aspects of life or appreciate them.

The community would be given false hope of the children picking up trash, or visiting the elderly with no good intentions or understanding of what they are doing.

Let someone who will get joy and self satisfaction do the job.

Everyone wins!

While making your decision remember that these kids lives are in your hands.

Your decision has multiple outcomes.

To make the right one, pick up a pen and write a letter to the community saying that children are not ready to be forced into these duty's.

The children, citizens and most of all the community will greatly benefit your decisions.

Sincerely,

Caring Citizen.