Cars are almost everywhere, And as they say ''Where ever theres a car, There is polution''. Well thats not what they actually say but thats what they should be said. I mean can you just imaging the gases and smoke coming out of just one car,Its a lot right well now picture a country full of cars and trucks now thats cause for damage. limliting car use can have advantages on the world and ourselfs as a person. One city in germany is making a change for the better.

In VABAN, Germany population of just about 5,500 people, About 70 percentl of the people there do not own cars as said in source three of  the article,It also states that 57 percent of people sold there cars to move and live there. this plays a part in the advantge of less air polution, ''Fresh air'' when people say i need some fresh air he not really breathing fresh air unless hes sniffing a tree tahts has just gone to phtosynthisis .Not to mention the gas, In VAUBAN instead of having to use the gas for cars it can be used for other day to day things. although there is less polution in VANBAN it is nothing compared to the air polution that has already been let out but to make things better we all have to start somehwere.

less air polution is good but it might take years before we can implimant  a law or rule to have less cars around the world. something good that you can get out of not having a car right off the bat is less stress and being calm.''When i had car i was always tense, i am much happier this way.(source 3) heidrun walker, a media trainer and a mother of two stated that. Now she dose not have to wait in traffic of rush hour to go pick up her kids from school or get groceries all of that is a walk away. Daily excrsics and a nice walk. This is just another couple of advantages that people can get from not having a car.

In my opinion people don't need cars if places are two blocks away. i see it as an acsesorie, Or another toy to play with, But this toy has a cost. If the world for at least one day stoped using cars , They will under stand what is is to live in this small town of 5,500 people are who happy with there life style, hopfully they will understand the advantages towards not having a car.                                                                               