"Do not be afraid to ask multiple individuals for advice, sometimes you may need it more than you think." My mother quoted the words from her elder psychologist frequently during rough periods of time throughout my life. Seeking assistance from others for puzzling situations doesn't mean you're incapable of being independent, it just means you need reassurance that whatever path you take is safe enough to walk through. Not to mention the fact that precisely more than 90% of people who ask for advice usually ends up satisfied with the results. Provided that we bear in mind that geniuses across the globe, whether it be in the past or the present, had to talk to more than one individual for reassurance. Being able to to acknowledge a majority of individuals train of thought about the situation helps ease tension in the mind including the body. Communicating to more than one person about how they would handle the problem increases the chances of making the smartest choice.

That being said, the feeling of dismay and confusion is a distasteful mix, life is a challenge that no one can make out on their own. Seeking multiple opinions from others help you get a better picture of what the right choice to make is. To give an illustration, the main character in the book Arclight deals with conflict that is too much pressure for her to handle on her own. She seeks help from many others and listens to what they have to say carefully, picking the choice in which favors the most for others. Therefore, she makes the right decision at the end. On condition to that, she not only benefited herself, but as well as for the peers around her. I found this fictional book very astonishing and I definitely learned the importance of not just having myself to rely on, but my friends and the people around me. For this reason is why it's wise to seek others advice and not just think everything through independently.

In many problems, it's essential to focus on the feeling and thoughts on advice. Undoubtedly, there will be times where you disagree with someones opinion, but it's best to understand the way they think about it. Nonetheless, continue to ask for more advice from other peers until you come to the conclusion on what you think is the best option to pick. Always be appreciative on the advice you're given because this opportunity isn't always offered to all, hearing things from another persons perspective is very helpful and it shows that the person cares about what the best choice for you to make is. On condition to that, always ask trustworthy people who you know you can count on before making your own decision. A significant amount of people tend to get anxious when unreasonable and unfair advice is given, so never rely on just one person for reassurance. Furthermore, think critically before you act and not only do you listen to their advice, give them your train of thought on the situation at hand. This leads to both the parties collaborating appropriately with the issue and helping one another get on the same board as one another.

In my final analysis, these are the key reasons on to why I strongly believe that asking multiple individuals for their opinions on what you're quite not sure about is essential. The outcome always has a higher chance of being more reasonable if multiple peers agree with it. That being said, do not be afraid to ask someone for help no matter what the circumstance is at hand. Asking for assistance and receiving opinions help boost your knowledge on how to react and reply to the conflict more professionally and appropriately. Every single individual thinks differently from one another, so it's crucial to acknowledge what advice is given to you and be appreciative about it. Nonetheless, when several opinions are similar to one another there's a higher chance of the advice being the best and the most reasonable choice. 