If I've missed a day of class and I need the notes, would it be beneficial to watch it from home? While, that may sound ideal: the chances of students failing to understand or lack of effort due to laziness are extremely high. Miscommunication or technology failure is going to be the downfall of this idea. And whose to day students will actually participate? As a student my brain does a shut off after school, I try to do everything here because I have a realy hard time focusing at home. I know that alot of other students are also like that, we'll say we'll have a chat with our teacher, but distractions get in the way. There's so many flaws in this idea due to students needing to be in school alone.

Students going online to watch a live broadcast of their teachers lesson would be an overall negative.

One of the most frustrating pains is when you're computer is being slow and you have something important to do. It is an unfair disadvantage to the student to missed school, they have to now try to listen when their connection is poor. It may cause to the student to give up and just not watch the lesson. Teens can have little patience for technology messing up. We tend to just turn it off or keep messing with it until it no longer functions correctly. Technology may be ten times better than in the past, the technology we use still have kinks that we haven't worked out, video calling is one that would make video chatting lessons difficult.

Misunderstanding what the teacher is saying is extremely high. Computers can be extremely hard to understand through. Talking doesn't always have the best quality, so if a student is trying to listen through poor audio, the miscommunication chance is greater. Considering the students who take high level courses, they need to hear every detail of the lesson. Sometimes we need that classroom environment to push us to get where we need to be. I am extemely driven, but as soon as I leave school I lose some of that drive. I get lazy with leaving school and I know for myself, I can't focus on school as well outside of school.

Students come in all different brains, from being well-behaved and a good listener, to absolutely unable to sit down and focus. We can't risk that for the students who are not as well-behaved, they just need the extra push from their teachers to actually get things done. If we let every student get the chance to just go online and watch it, there's going to be a lot that forget to go on or that just didn't want to so they don't. When you're teaching adolescence, you have to be there for them, not just as a teacher, but a motivator. It makes it difficult to be motivational when your student could just turn you off. Though, most students would be responsible, the students that aren't, are going to go out of their way to avoid attending class. They'll say "Oh, I get it tomorrow."," I have Ms. Example at home, I can skip out today." and avoid it altogether. I am extemely driven, but as soon as I leave school I lose some of that drive. I get lazy with leaving school and I know for myself, I can't focus on school as well at home.

It sounds like a great idea to have it available online, but knowing certain work ethics and how some students think; the idea of having online video chatting for lessons is a really negative outcome. The teenager brain can be aloof and we can sometimes lose our interest in something if we're not in an environment were we're always around it, we can get extremely lazy. Our efforts would get low and our drive would decrease. Ultimately causing our grades to duffer and our chances of actually learning, go down.