I am for driverless cars, because they could be helpful, they seem safe, and they are already being used by Google. They could help people with disabilities that make them unable to drive or go where they need to go.

First of all, they are using sensors in them to help navigate them. They are developing special roads, smart roads. There were test tracks built in the 1950's by General motors. They built a concept car that could run on a special track that was embedded with a electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car. Engineers at Berkeley tried something similar. They used magnets with alternating polarity, so the car could read the polarities using the binary code. All of this was proved to be too expensive. They started putting sensors on the cars, postion-estimating sensors, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an internal motion sensor.

Second of all, they seemed far away from making a driverless car. Sebastian Thrun, founder of the Google Car project believes that the technology has finally begun to catch up to the dream. In 2013, BMW announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assiatant." The car would be able to handle driving at speeds up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors makes sure the drivers keeps ahold of the wheel. Most of these cars are yet to be fully driverless, they can steer, accelerate, and brake on their own, but they all are designed to notify the driver when the rooad ahead requires human skills. Some manufacturers hope to bring in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. Such displays would be turned off instantly when the driver needsto take over, this way the in-car system is acctually a safety feature.

Third of all, The only problem is that there are laws prohibiting the uses and testing of driverless cars. Traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all time. California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia have led the country in allowing limited use of semi-autonomous cars. Manufacturers believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proven more reliably safe. Traffic laws will have to change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. Automakers are still continuing with their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved.

Therefore I am for driverless cars, because they could be helpful, they seem safe, and they are already being used by Google. There's no telling what's to come from the future of driverless cars. 