When you're trying to get advice on a choice, do you ask multiple people or do you ask on person? People usually ask many people on a decision or choice for many reasons. Having more opinions is having better knowledge about a choice. Getting advice from one person isn't going to cut it all the time. Seeking multiple opinions on a choice or decision is going to help someone get a better understanding, better point of view, and a better judgment.

Its very important to have a better understanding of a choice or decision. Having a better understanding is being more confident and definite about making the better choice.

More minds you have working the better the design is, same thing goes for this too, have more minds, better the decision. You have a better chance making the better choice having multiple opinions. When your getting advice from one person your only getting their opinion, and maybe its good or bad but that's why you need different point of views.

Having a better point of view is basically seeing how other people see it and how they're different and how they're the same. If majority of people say the same thing, then it is usually the better choice. Your getting see how different people experienced it or how people have dealt with it. Getting multiple answers will get you what want and need at the same time. Getting a better point of view is especially important in making the better choice.

Getting a better judgment is getting a final decision on things. You want to know what is good a choice and a bad choice. Its like getting a review on a restaurant, you want to the know the reviews, whether they're good or bad, its to get a better judgment on things and that's what you need. Having a better judgment is the most important thing into why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you usually make the final choice when you have a better judgment.

Seeking multiple opinions on a choice is going to help someone get a better understanding, better point of view, and a better judgment. You need a better understanding to have a more confident choice and and be more definite about it. You need a better point of view to see how other people experienced it and how it effected them in a good or bad way. Finally, you need a better judgment to get a good final decision on things. Why do you think seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice?