Throughout the essay "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author does a good job of suporting the claim that studying Venus is worth while. The author provides examples and counters them with ways to overcome said obstacles, and uses specific examples on how NASA plans to study and explore Venus.

Venus has many different aspects and characteristics from Earth, such as the temperature of over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure that is 90 times greater than the pressure on Earth. Geological and weather challenges include lightning strikes, erupting volcanoes, and powerful earthquakes. The author mentions all of the issues regarding visiting Venus in the second and third paragraph. Although the author mentions the challenges, he/she is doing that to completely inform the reader by giving all the details and then finding ways to counter those obstacles. The author brings up the question of "If our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface?" in the beginning of paragraph 4. This shows how the author brings up an argument against the initial claim, and then proving that argument wrong to make the claim more valid. Next, in the fifth paragraph, the author uses evidence from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to provide ways to escape the hostile conditions of Venus. For example, one idea is to allow scientists to float above the fray in a blimp like vehicle. Again in the second paragraph, the author again mentions another plan by NASA to study Venus. This plan is to use simplified electronics made of silicon carbide because they could survive Venus's surface for a limited amount of time. By using specific evidence and research already done by NASA, the claim that "Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents," is being proven well. Lastly, in the final paragraph, the author does an excellent job of summarizing the scientific gains that would come from exploring Venus. The last line states, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." which is a fantastic summary of the article and shows how well the author presented and supported his claim.

In conclusion, the author uses excellent writing skills to support and validate the initial claim, and does it very well. The author thoroughly analyzes each danger and possible solution, and also states the positive effects of traveling to Venus. By using specific evidence and research from NASA, and countering all of the dangers with possible solutions, the author supports the claim brilliantly.