Dear senator,

We should change the electoral college to an election by popular votes for the president of the united states.

I believe that everyone should have a say in who their future president should be not just a group of selected officials . Sure some of the peoples choices may end up bias or thoughtless but atleast they get to feel as if their a part of the state. like stated in "what's wrong with the electoral college" sentence 11 "Those electors could always defy the will of the people." meaning that sometimes the chosen electors neglect their positions and use it the wrong way. The selcted electors may end up going against the people and/or choose a bias decision. No matter how you look at it their still human and they will make mistakes.

Electoral college shouldn't only allow government official or "qualified" citizens to bare that huge responsibility because if they make one wrong move then everyone will blame them but if we have popular vote everyone will have a say in the presidential voting. If we have electoral votes your only giving specific people power while as the other citizens sit down to watch complete stranges balance their countries future in their hands. like stated in "what's wrong with electoral college" sentence 13 "At the most basic level ,the electoral college is unfair to voters" meaning that electoral votes is unjustified to the people.

Electoral votes should be abolished because it isn't justified for all of those hardworking citizens who always pay their respects to this country. It even states in "what's wrong with electoral college" sentence 14 " It's official : The electoral college is unfair ,outdated, and irrational." meaning that the electoral college has been here long enough, it's not justified ,and it's irrational. Something like that should no longer exist. The citizens should have a say in who will become their new president. They should have a majority vote .

Like stated in "choosing the president" sentence 15 "the electoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism"meaning that the electoral college is really old and we no longer have any need for it. The electoral college is something that was meant for the past. There may have been some sort of issue that they could not properly deal with ,so they created the electoral college in order to deal with it. But now we have more advance ways of doing stuff so we don't need electoral college any more . We can now change our ways for voting so that it'll match our time and period.

Electoral votes is filled with holes/bias. So we should find a new way of chosing our new president who is willing to change our couontry for the best and not corrupt our country.    