As a student, the summer projects should be teacher-designed projects. Summer projects should be teacher-designed projects due to the fact that teachers know what the students need to learn in the next grade. For an example, in first grade you learn how to add and subtract using double digit number, if the teachers designs the project for the summer you will have more knowledge about adding and subtracting. Also, teachers know the material to help you succeed in school. Not to mention that if the student designs it how would students gain knowledge of it? As students, they would rather have easier homework and easier projects rather than homework and projects the will benefit you. Lastly, teachers know what is needed to know in the upcoming grade; So the teacher-designed can help them prepare for the next grade.

Student based projects are not a good idea for several different reasons. The student-designed projects are not beneficial to students due to the fact that students don't know what is going to be learned in the next grade level, so how they going to know how their own project is going to benefit themselves? As for teachers, they are going to know what is coming up in the upcoming grade. Another reason is due to the fact that students are going to do a easy projects. Not all easy projects benefit you to have more knowledge, therefore teachers design the projects so that students could gain more knowledge off the project. Lastly, the teacher-design project is going to prepare you for the next grade, so you will be more advanced with subject when you get in the class next year.

To sum up, Teacher-design summer project benefit you in many different ways. It can benefit you by working to learn upcoming material. Teacher-design projects also benefits you by teachers knowing what is needed to know in the next grade. Finally, it benefits you because teachers know what is coming up in the upcoming grade level, so it helps you prepare for the next grade level. Student-designed can also benefit you in gaining knowledge, but not as much knowledge from teachers-designed projects.