Imagine having to prepare yourself every morning at the crack of dawn for school. Instead you recieve a chance to take all of your classes online in your very own home. Some may disagree that online school benefits students because they look at it as an easy way of getting out of public schools. However online school benefits the purpose of students learning more than public schools would because students would focus more on work than getting distracted by others or noises, it's easier to learn being in a place your more comfortable in, and they would have the advantage of getting in less trouble and the benefit of learning more.

To begin with, online school would benefit students by helping them focus on getting their work done in peace rather than getting distracted. For an example, when a student is doing online school it's easier to focus on their work rather than being in a classroom worried about what others are doing. While students are doing online school they absorb more information by watching a screen in a quieter enviroment rather than having a teacher repeat their selves because of the distractions. Another example would be, while a student is taking online school they will be able to focus and understand what they're being taught rather than having to listen to what is being done with noise. Also, online school is less stressful because you don't have to deal with classmates becoming distractions your only concern is your work. My last example is, a student that is using online school doesn't stress as much about their grades not dropping because they are being able focus a lot more.

Furthermore, having online school benefits students learning abilities to increase because they're comfortable with their work place. For example, when a student is taking online school they will have a work place that is comfortable to them. The students that are comfortable are going to get more work done because they are willing to stay rather than students that aren't comfortable will want to leave more than pushing their selves to finish. My next example is, when a student is comfy with their enviroment they start to think more which gives them the benefit to understand what is being learned rather than the student being uncomfortable and rushing to go. Students that do online school tends to pass their assignments because they were comfortable while doing the work their brain was able to function increasingly which led the students to understand what was being learned through the lesson. My last example is, when a student is doing online school their brain is able to relax which helps the student take in more information rather than your brain being smothered.

Last but not least, being enrolled into online school can also help the student chances of staying away from trouble and learning more because they're away from the drama. The student would only have to keep focus on their work. For example, the student wouldn't have to worry about getting in any fights, suspensions, or disagreements because they would be at home doing their work. Also, the student wouldn't have to worry about being bullied because they'll just be doing the work one on one with a teacher. For this example, students that are enrolled online have less of a chance being involved with any trouble, so they'll be able to asborb more information and be ahead of the game rather than a student enrolled in a public school would because they would have a higher chance being around drama. For the last example, Students that are enrolled in online school has a higher chance of being more successful because they wouldn't have much of a problem.

In conclusion, some may disagree online school benefits students because they look at it as an easy way of getting out public schools. However online school benefits the purpose of students learning more than public schools would because students would focus more work than getting distracted by people or noises, it's easier to learn being in a place you're more comfortable in, and they would have the advantage of getting in less trouble and the benefit of learnng more.