Facial action coding system

Facial coding symstems cant find out what every body feeling are because people can fake them. It states in the text "we could find out what someone feeling are just by looking at the in there face expression". It aslo state in the text "we human can perform this same cauculation everyday". Sceince trying to prove people emotions but us humans can figure that out our self. The facil code can only tell how you feeling by smiling and making faces humans can tell faster if a person is fake smiing or real smiling then what the computer can. Facial code can only detect some feeling like happy, suprised, angry, digusted, fear, and sadness. Think about it sceince is great and improving but so are humans we geting smarter. Imagine this you need a computer to find out some one else emotions. Humans can figure this out our self. Facial coding can only find out certian emotions not all we can find out more emotions then what a computer can, and we know more emotions then what the computer can read. If the facial code work think about how expensive this computer cost we will have to pay to figure out people emotions when we see them and look at them everyday. With computer it states in the text "most human communication is nonverbal including emotional communication so computer need to under stand that too notes Dr Haung". It also states you can probably tell how a freind is simply by looking her in the face. With that imformation we dont really need facial coding system to tell how we feeling. Imagine if these computers worked If it did people would be using but not everybody could afford to get those computers. Humans are smart who ever thought of facial coding sytem need more facts, because people can tell how you feel in a matter of seconds when they look at you. Facial code can be a waste of time and money you can just figure it out your self without a computer. Think about this aslo humans can found out more felling then a computer. A person can just tell you a computer cant you have to make faces and a machines have to read them when you can just tell a person how you feel.