Being dedicated to something and then not being able to even view it or go after that goal that you are dedicated to would really suck. Thats what is happening with Venus, Venus hasn't been able to be viewed due to fact that this planet is a very dangerous planet. However, Venus is a very unique planet, it shares many of the similar characteristics as Earth it's self does. Venus however is a very dangerous planet to be on or to be around, this has caused people to not be able to further study the planet of Venus. However, NASA has been coming up with ways on how they could make this work, how they could get someone to Venus safely so they can do more research on this planet. The author supports his suggestion through his views of how dangerous this planet really is, how this planet is unique which gives reasons on why it is worth it, and lastly by showing us how this pursuit is possible.

First, Venus is very dangerous and astronomers really do not know what to expect since no one has ever stepped foot on Venus. Venus is very hot, a lot hotter than Earth is, and human bodies are not used to the climate that is on Venus which makes it very dangerous and very risky for the human body. In paragraph 3 it states, "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressue is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." Venus is a very dangerous planet due to the fact that human bodies can not handle being aroud that climate, safely atleast. Also, the author also states in paragraph 3, "Beyond high pressure and heat, Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface." All of those weather impediments are very dangerous and no human should go through that because it is very life threatening. By going up to Venus these astronomers are risking their lifes and are putting their lifes in great danger. They have no clue what to expect because no one in human history has been to this planet. These weather impediments are huge reasons on why no one has ever stepped foot or landed on Venus.

Lastly, NASA has been compelling ideas on how they can send humans to

Venus safely, but still allowing them to learn more about this planet. The article states, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray." Because of these weather impediments, no human can land of the planet without dying, so NASA came up with an idea that will get these scientists there safely and still allow them to observe the planet. The article also states, " Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up out of their way. At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth." By using this vehicle it would hopefully be keeping the scientist out of danger. Even though Venus is a very unsafe planet for humans there is still one way that could possibly get humans to the planet safely.

The author supports his suggestion that going up to venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers veru well. The author demonstartes how dangerous the planet is and how harmful it can be to humans. The author shows why it is worthy to pursuit it by showing the audiance the characteristics of the planet, whats on it, what happens on, and what the planet is like. Lastly, he showed the audiance that it is possible to allow scientists to study further on Venus by being upclose to it and actually seeing the planet. This article further demostrated that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it may present.                                                            