The article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," describes a new techology called the Facial Action Coding System(FACS for short), this system enables conputers to read facial expressions to identify human emotions. This program can be used in classrooms to find out when a student is bored or confuse, this can help teachers chage their lessons to something that can keep a students active and focased on there studies. As long as the software can only read emotions, read if a student is lying or not and make help make lessons more active, I am for its use in schools.

This program can only read six basic emotions- happiness, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness- and each are associated with different characteristic movements. The way it reads your emotions is by constructing a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles in order for the program to read each emotion. In class this can be used to find confused and bored students and then help the teacher change the lesson so that they can understand it better or become more focased on the lesson. This can help effectively raise grades for students who are prone to becoming confused and bored.

Now this can also be used to figure out if a student or convict is lying or not. Muscles called orbicularis oculi palpabraeus make crow's-feet around your eyes. But in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. Now if someone is fake smiling or keeping a strait face while lying the program can use that to help notify people if someone is lying or not.

The program can help make classes and students, more active and controlled. When knowing if a class is confused or bored can make a big diffence because the lesson or teacher can then be changed to the students likeing so the class can continue on focased and active. Which helps students whom are prone to get distracted.

As long as this program can help students in these ways than schools should invest in this program to keep their students active in their lessons. So then schools wont have to continue constanly be trying new things to figure out how to keep their active and focased. 