This argument of the face on Mars been going on since 1976. Many people and even some scientest believe it is craftmenship of no other than aliens. Their have always been stories about how so called aliens live on the planet Mars,or how there is life on Mars. I am here to ease your mind and tell you it is no more than a mesa.

Their has been alot of talk about the rocky terrian we call Mars. First off this isn't the first case of where a face has been captured. On a nother part of the Red planet there is an area called Cydonia. Their was an image of a something that resembled an Egyptian Pharaoh. That was just a shadow giving the unusal look of the pharaoh. This proves that not everthing is what it seems.

Next after discovering that this unusal look for Mars was just a shadow creating the illusion of having a human face we were fasinated and had to indoulge ourselvs in more reaserch. On April 5, 1998 our Mars Global Surveyor had gone over Cydonia. Our magnificant team of reashers got a picture that was a wopping ten times sharper than the origional photo. We had thousands of people waiting to see what was on our Red Planet it was nothing other than... a landform.

Then after that find we couldn't stop there. We were so close and we were desperate to find the truth. So we had studdied the pictures,and yet still nothing. The face on Mars was no different than your common landform on earth. We were sure right there it was nothing more than a lava dome that has molded its form into an isolates mesa.

Now some might say that our picture we claim that is extremly crediable could be nomore than a fluke, and there could be aliens and a chance for a new civilization on Mars. Now for us we wish there was an acient civilization on Mars, but we can't hide the truth. Finally for our picture in a digital image three times bigger than the pixel size, and if their was any sign of life like houses,airplanes,or even Egyptian styled pyrmids you would be able to see them. This how we know our information is credable.

Now it seames the whole " Face on Mars" in movies, books, magazines,and radio talk shows were all false. That whole franchisement was a total bust. Now that you know the truth and the face on Mars was nothing but fraud i hope that you listen to the people down at NASA. Now i hope i have eased your mind that there are no aliens running arround.