Summer break has always been the best time of the year for students. They don't have to go to school, they get to do outdoor activities, and they get to see their friends. Recently, schools have introduced summer assignments to help students maintain their learning abilities over the break. The biggest debate on this issue is whether or not the projects should be teacher-designed or student-designed. If the students are able to design these projects, they will still be able to have a great, fun-filled break. Students should design their own summer projects because summer vacation should be enjoyable, it will teach them organizational skills, and it will help them become more independent.

Summer break should be enjoyable for students. Giving them the opportunity to design their own summer projects allows them to do accomplish goals for academics and knowledge while doing something they enjoy. They can use their creative freedom to make their project about a topic or activity that they are interested in. When I was eleven, we had to come up with our own projects for the fifth grade science fair. They gave us the choice to make our project about whatever we wanted. I designed my science project about bacon, because I loved to eat bacon. It made the assignment more fun and easier to complete. Allowing other students to create this sort of project centered around something they love will give them a more enjoyable process and satisfaction upon completion. Letting students design and form their own summer projects will give them a fun, entertaining break while giving them the purpose of learning and getting better.

These student designed projects will give students the opportunity to practice their organizational skills. Many students struggle with the ability to organize themselves and accomplish goals efficiently. My brother doesn't know where his assignments are half the time. It is hard for him to organize himself and get things done. The student-designed summer assignments give a perfect opportunity for students to learn and teach themselves how to make sure they do everything in a timely matter. The summer break gives them enough time to come up with a schedule and get things done without worrying too much about close deadlines and other impeding assignments. Letting students create the goals and structure for they're summer projects will help teach them to be more organized.

Student-designed projects will teach them to become more independent. Many students struggle with thinking and acting independently. The memorize information for class and regurgitate it back up on a testing sheet. They blindly follow what their teachers say and don't know how to function without close help. If the students make their own projects, they will need to figure out how to complete the work themselves, without help from their teachers. They will likely need to come up with a detailed schedule to plan out when the will do every part of the task assigned. If they don't stick to the plan they've drawn out themselves, they will fail the assignment. In addition, it teaches students valuable skills for their post-graduation life. In the real world, there is no teacher or instructor to help you accomplish the tasks needed to have a successful life. When students become adults they will need to know how to make decisions for themselves. They will need to be able to act responsibly without somebody telling them when or how to do it. If students are able to design their own summer assignments, they will become more responsible and independent.

Student-designed projects will make students more independent, give them a chance to become more organized, and help them to enjoy their summer. It is good for students to learn how to operate without a helping hand over their shoulder. Working own their own projects will teach them to become better at time management. Also, students should not dread doing their work over the summer. Summer assignments designed by students help them to become better learners and better people. 