Cars have been around for ages now, people are constantly making new modles to make them better. But what were to happen if we took them away and we only relied on walking or riding bikes. There are three reasons why I blieve this would be a benefit for everyone. Picture it, a world without cars.

People believe cars to be a necessity, so they will be able to get from place to place but there are advantages to limiting the usage of cars in certain areas. For one it would reduce the amount of greenhouse gas, source 1 tells about a suburban town where there are no cars. It states that only 12 perecent of greenhouse gas emits in europe while in america it is up to 50 perecent. While Paris bans driving because of all the smog, statistics from source 2 show that Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter.

Following that, limiting the usage of cars can lower stress levels. In Bogota, Colombia they begin their 'Day without cars' for the thirs year straight. The citizens of Bogota were very coopertive of this. The mayor tells how even "The rain hasn't stopped peole from participating". Source 3 informs how even businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza rode a two seater bicycle with his wife and how he believes "It's a good way to reduce stress and lower air polution.", as they countinue their newly found tradition other cities in colombia such as Cali and Valledupar join in on the event. Looks like Colombias program is starting to spread for the better.

Finally, bringing it back home to America on the advantages on limiting car usage. President Obama shares his plan to reduce the emission of greenhouse gas. Sources from article 4 tell how Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and how fewer are getting their license as the years go by, statistics show a large drop in the amount of 16 to 39 year olds getting their license. this article also tells how sociologists believe that if this countiues it will be beneficial for the enviornment. New York being one of the most populated states has a new bike-sharing program as well as car-sharing programs to help contribute to lessen the pollution and emission of greenhouse gases.

In Conclusion, while cars have been and are a great asset limiting the use of them could greatly benefit every one by using lessening stress levels, lowering pollution, and reduce the amount of greenhouse gas. Looks like we're already headed in the right direction.    