Do you like participating in extracurricular activity because I don't? I disagree with my principals decision of making students participate in at least one extracurricular activity. There are a few reasons I don't like participating in school activates and I can name a few of those reasons. One reason is that I want to spend time with my family instead of doing school activities, another reason is that i can tend to be shy, and I'm really lazy.

I like spending time with my family. Me and my family will sometimes go to Generic_City, or even just to the park. If I participated in school activities me and my family wouldn't be able to go places. I really enjoy spending time with my family because I dont get to see them much during the week so on the weekends we will go somewhere to do something. It could be something little or it could be something big I love my family and if I were to participate in school activities we would have games on the weekend preventing me from spending time with my family.

Another reason I don't like school activities is because I'm very shy and just act weird during events. If I wasn't so shy I would participate in school activities. Due to being shy prevents me from making friends and when you make friends it can make the activity more funner than it already is. Shy can also be a good thing at times during schools activities because you won't be spotted out as much as the more talkative kids. So yeah I'm a very shy person but being shy can sometimes be a good thing.

My last topic about not liking to participate in school activity is that I'm very lazy. I usually during the week after school go home watch a little bit of T.V and then do my laundry and then sit there and do nothing.

I hate having to do something especially on the weekends after a long week of school I just want to lay down and do nothing. Every once in awhile I'll go outside and shoot some basketball but other than that I dont do anything. So I'm a very lazy person and don't want to do many things around the house.

In conclusion I disagree with my principals decision of making all students at least participate in one school activity. I like spending time with my family. I am very shy and don't like to participate for that reason. I'm lazy and don't do anything but do laundry and shoot basketball. So yeah I disagree with the principal decision of at least all students participate in a extracurricular activity. 