Dear Principal,

There are rumors going around that you might make it mandatory for the students at the school to perform community service hours. I believe that it may be helpful for some students to perform community service because it could keep them out of trouble or serve as their punishment for misbehaving regularly but it could also hinder some students. Some students at the school are well behaved but aren't doing well with their grades. So instead of performing acts for the community they could be studying to improve their grades. With the improvement of grades in the school the students will most likely have less stress on getting their homework finished or working in class and will be more attentive in class.

Another reason not to have community service is that some students have activities outside of school. Sports is a very important activity to some athletic students in the school because that is how some of them are paying for college. If you take that away from them then they might not get a scholarship to the college that they want.

If we do have community service then it should be for students that are doing excellent in schoolwork but not make it mandatory. To make students that are doing well enough in school want to work for the community, there should be a reward for the most hours performed. This way if the students not doing well in all of there classes want to earn the reward they will work harder to do well and get in the race for the prize. The entire school's grade point average will raise if they are willing to work for the prize.

The prize should be something grand and well thought out. It could be a certificate to a restaurant or a few concert tickets. If the entire school does well enough, we should be able to go on a "fun field trip."

With these ideas there will possibly be many community service hours performed and grades improved. Please take this letter into thought when you decide on making community service mandatory or not.

Sincerely,

A concerned student.