Everyone has to make really hard choices in life and they don't know what path to choose. There are times when you need help and don't know who to ask. Instead of just asking one person who may or may not help you, ask multiple. When you are receiving advice from different people you are making a decision yourself instead of one person telling you what decision to make. Seeking multiple opinions when asking for advice is beneficial because you can have more options and more knowledge.

Firstly, asking multiple people for advice creates more options. Each person you ask will give you different advice. Every individual has different experiences and opinions. When you ask different people they could give you completely different answers. As a teacher if you ask an elderly man if technology should be used in school, he would probably say no, whereas a younger students would completely agree to use technology. Ask a variety of people of all different ages and occupations so you can get different options for which advice you will choose to follow. In conclusion, asking multiple individuals for advice will create different options for you.

Next, asking different people for advice creates more knowledge. Each person has learned different things based on their career and interests. The more individuals you ask the more knowledge you get. If you want advice on what to feed your baby, then ask multiple people to get the most knowledge. Your grandparent will tell you what they fed their kids and your older sister might tell you what the baby book she read said. Each individual has knowledge on different subjects, so you can get the most amount of knowledge and make your own choice.

In conclusion, more options and knowledge are the benefits of seeking advice from multiple people. When you ask multiple people their opinion you are making your own choice instead of letting one person make your descison for you. Every choice in your life affects who you are, so each choice counts. Every person is biased in their own way, and the more opinions you get the better the choice you can make. 