Everyday, students across the world attend school. Whether it's elementary, middle, or high school, millions of students obtain their education through learning. While many of these learners attend school in person, there are plenty of students who receive their education through online school. From video conferencing to special programs, these students do not physically attend school in-person. And with technology becoming more advanced and easier to use, many schools are beginning to offer these online learning services to their students, allowing them to learn from home. Students would not benefit from attending classes from home because they would get distracted, and they would not be engaged with their learning.

One reason why students would not benefit from attending classes at home is distractions. While having the leisure of working from home, students would also have the convenience of the accessing internet. With pressing a few keys on a keyboard, a student can go from attending an online class to watching a movie on an entertainment service. Another distraction that could occur is distractions in the home of the student. A student could have younger siblings that often create noise and be loquacious, which could interfere with their education. Also, as a high school student myself, I can conclude that the most distracting item that I hold is my cell phone. Not only is it entertaining, it is also very convenient to use. With attending school from home, not only can students access their cellular devices, but they can also use them freely with no higher authority disciplining them. These distractions can be crucial on a student, as well as their education.

Another reason why students would not benefit from attending classes at home is that they would not be engaged with their learning. Students could decided not participate in their online class, and there would be no one to hold them accountable. A higher authority is needed to keep students on track with their learning. Additionally, if students attended school from home, they wouldn't have any fellow students to interact with. A teacher of mine once said, "It is not only the education that you gain from attending school. It's the connections that you make with friends, and the bonds that you build along the way." Without companions and friends to work with, students would not feel as compassionate about school. However, these connections are not limited to just fellow students; building connections with teachers is important as well. Teachers can provide advice to their students about schoolwork and life, which could help a student forever.

While students would benefit from attending school in person, there are advantages to attending school online. Not only is it convenient for the students, but it is also convenient for the students' parents. Many public schools are controversial for parents, and it is understandable that they would rather have their child attend school from home. Online school would also be beneficial for students with transportation issues. Instead of walking to school or having to drive a far distance everyday, they could learn from home without any issues. However, online classes would not be easy for everyone. For students without financial support, they might not be able to attend school online, even if they wanted to. Laptops and computers are very expensive, and to buy them the student will need a copious amount of money.

There are plenty of benefits of attending either online school, or school in person. Online school provides the student with the leisure of working from home, and attending school in-person creates bonds with friends and teachers. Students would not benefit from attending classes at home, because they would get distracted easily and not be engaged with their learning. As a high school student that has physically attended school for 11 years, I have built many friendships and connections with teachers and other students that has helped my life exponentially. If I had attended school online, I do not believe that I would be where I am today. 