Venus is a marvelous planet. The Evening Star is very dangerous however, the planet is inhabited by a high amount of sulfiric acid. In the article, it supports the idea that studyig Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by being Earth's twin, supporting the idea that there was once live inhabitants, and that humans don't really know what is on Venus.

There are many planets in our galaxy however Venus seems to proportionally the same as planet Earth. According to "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", "Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too" (paragraph 2). This quote exemplifies that Venus is very similar to Earth relating to size. Venus is very dangerous however, that does not stop human beings from wanting to explore the planet. Scientists are also interested in Venus from the close resemblance of Earth. According to the article, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system" (paragraph 4). On Venus, there is evidence of rocky sediments as well as features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. This suggests that Venus was once a planet just like Earth until something happened to destroy the chances of being able to inhabit that area.

With Venus being a "sister planet", that brings the question of was there actual life on Venus? As stated in the article, "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life..." (paragraph 4). This quote essentially states that the "Evening Star" holds many forms of evidence that suggests Venus could have inhabited many forms of living species. As well as theorizing, there is actually concrete evidence that life may have inhabited the planet. The article states that, "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment ad includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters" (paragraph 4). The quote shows the concrete evidence that is needed to say that humans or other species of living creatures could have inhabited the planet at a point in time.

Despite the dangers on Venus, the planet has sparked some curiosity. As stated in the article, "...peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions..." (paragraph 6). Venus has very dangerous features of "protection" all throughout the planet. This prohibits, at this point in time, for humans or land rovers to go to the surface of Venus. Although it being a severe risk of getting a closer look, NASA has been developing several tactics to get closer to the surface. In the article it states that, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Vens would allow scientist to float above the fray" (paragraph 5). The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has been working on better ways to get closer to the surface of Venus without the metal melting.

In conclusion, Venus that has been a place that has a curiosity of discovery for many years. In the article, it supports that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by being Earth's twin, supporting the idea there was once live inhabitants, and that humas don't really know what is on Venus.