In my opinion, the Facial Action Coding System is not something I would want in my classroom or in my home. There is no need for computers to read human emotion espcially in schools where security is a big issue. Having this technology in school laptops and larger organizations could potentially be a security issue becuase it may make it easier to hack or break into computers. This technology has a potential to bring much more harm than it does good.

I know that teachers in my classrooms can very easily tell when someone in their class is bored or is having a hard time paying attention, there is no need for a computer software to tell them how all of their students are feeling. In the text, it states ""A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored."" All teachers are doing their best at their job and have seperate teaching styles, we can not base their ability to teach off of one or two who are feeling bored becuase they have a short attention span that day.

While I think technology is amazing I also think that it should'nt be such a large chunck of students lives, especially in school. Relying on technology could make it easier for potential threats like hackers or people who may want to harm students or to get into schools, installing something like FACS could make it even easier to break in. In this day and age, I think we rely too much on technology and its abilities, we have no need for a facial scanner that can tell our emotions when humans can already do the same. In the text, it says" Can we actually "calculate" emotions." Humans can already tell what a person is feeling by lloking at their face.

All in all, this technology doesnt seem worth it to me. There are too many cons and risks and they greatly outweigh the pros and rewards. Classrooms are not a place for a program like this and neither are organizations like hospitals or any other place. It could be a potential security risk to all who use it. This Facial Action Coding System should'nt be supported by any schools or progress beyond a simple idea.   