Driverless cars are the future of the automotive industry such as car on were. Driverless cars can help out in the future such as if a person is intoxicated, or falls asleep while driving the car would prevent an accident. Unlike the leap from the horse to the car the driverless car has many variables it has to go through before being released in mass quantity. There will always be problem that will arise, but there will always be someone who can fix the problem. We should be able to own our own driverless cars by the year 2020.

Picture a world with little to no trafficjams, and a world where everyone could sleep on a roadtrip. This is the world that we could live in if we had driverless cars. right now this may be unavaliable however Google, and many car manufactorers have been working very had to bring this to reality. All of the current "driverless cars" have ine major problem and that being we need a human to respond to situations that the car cannot.

Google has devoluped a the LIDAR a spinning sensor on the roof of the car which is constantily updating

3-d models of the cars surroundings. They have also made it possible to respond to danger and out-of-control skids or rollovers. With both of these technogolies it makes it possible to have a driverless car. We may need a humans help still, but using various methods such as a vibrating seat or incom system we can quickly alert the driver that we need them to take over.

Driverless cars are great, but like all great things there are some problems. The biggest problem is if a driverless car gets into a wreck whose problem is it the manufacteror or the driver. Another problem isthat many states do not believe driverless cars to be safe so they have not yet legalized them.

Driverless cars make the future a safer and more glamorous place to live. If everyone could see that these driverless cars are safe we could have this future in a presidential term. I urge you to join soon because the sooner everone is on board the sooner the future we disurve can arrive.