The author started out the article very well before jumping into how studing Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger. He told you about venus to drag you in on why its such a interesting place now the reasoning of me sayiing this is cause the author states. That venus the brightest in the night sky even though its a planet, And the actual name isnt even Venus its Evening Star to kind of get you to the place of the thought. Where your like since its the brightest in the night sky thats why it's called a star. He pulls you in on it being the brightest by sayin even "Amature Stargazers to spot". So for the begining he started off by beginning to support this idea.

"It has proved a very challenging place to exmine more closely " he stating that it is dangerous to explore up close but he proves that it is also worthy to explore very poorly he didn't quite include reasonging on why it's worthy. He only provided minimum examples and ideas such as. How "insight to be gained on the planet itself, Also human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. He really tries to get you by saying on earth you should be wanting to explore and imagine an no fill your self with doubt. Which is not enough based on all the dangers of going to the planet venus.

There were more ideas of it being dangerous to explore rather than it being worthy to explore. He listed five resons it was a good ideab to explore which are listed above and they are not very helpful to his case. These are a few of the dangers he listed of exploring Venus up close it's inhospitible, "has a thick atmesphere of nintey-seven percent of carbon dioxide blanket" covering it. That even a submerine couldn't survive. Humans have sent sacecraft to land but its still claims to be unmanned since no spacecraft sent has survived landing.

Considering the pros and cons of the Authors examples and points. On exploring Venus worthy despite the dangers he evaluated his idea poorly based on the content, and the ideas he provided he could have went about it a diffrent way.

Provided thing that would make us less afraind to explore our sister planet up close personal.