I am against having school at home, because students wont be able to get help as easily from your teacher if you are struggling. There are some students who can't afford what is needed to learn at home. Some people will take advantage of being at home and decide to not do any work.

If you are struggling with your school work at home it could be really hard to ask questions. If we are doing work from home we won't be able to work with our teachers one on one; therefore, it will make it much harder to bring our grades back up when we return to school. Some students work better in a louder environment, so if they have to work quietly at home they will not be as productive as they would in a classroom, and some students just work better when they get to hang out and talk with their friends instead of working quietly. Grading would be a lot slower and harder to keep track of, since they wouldn't be able to give quizzes or tests because everybody would take advantage and take it open book, and that would take away major grades that would normally help kids catch up.

Not all families will be able to pay for the materials necessary for distance learning, because not all schools supply their students with laptops. The students with free and reduced costs at school might not be able to work at home, because they might not be able to afford the fees or costs of programs for the online classes. How will the people who can't afford to have school at home be helped, so that they don't fall behind in their classes? How would the schools make sure that everyone has the materials that they need to get their work done before making the decision on distance schooling?

There are people who wouldn't do work because they would just wanna be relaxing at home since they would have the chance. Some people would just stay home and sleep and fall further behind, while some people take the time out of their day to get their work done. Some days people just might feel like doing any work, and it would be really hard to keep on top of everyone that decides to not do work. Since everybody will be at home there would be no punishments for the students that are just deciding to skip everything, and that would just make them feel like they can keep doing nothing.

Having distance learning would be a bad idea, because it would be really difficult for everyone to get help with their work while staying on top of their grades as well. It would be extremely difficult for the families and students that cant afford to have school at home. There are some kids who just won't do the work and when we come back to school everyone will be on different units and it would be really difficult to get everyone back on track.