Empty streets,with eerily devoid traffic jams is an example of what happens when a city bans car usage. Cleaner air, and less stress are two of the many reasons why the idea of limiting car usage is becoming popular. Many cities are taking place in what they call a " Car-Free Day" in which they participate in a day without cars. Taxis and buses are permitted only, with the goal to promote alternitive transportation. Bikers covered the streets and hikers flooded the sidewalks as a result of car-free day. Violators were faced with fines of $ 25.

A day without cars is considered part of an improvement to many cities. Cars cause major damage to the world around us, smog is one of the many reasons places like Paris are reducing their car usage as well. Car usage reduction has beneficial implications for the enviorment we live in. Paris is a testimony to that statement. With smog polluting the global city, Paris was forced to create a partial driving ban to clear the air. WIth France favoring diesel fuel over gasoline, Paris had more smog than other European capitals. Therefore, Paris decided to make motorists with even-numbered license plates leave their cars at home. Same with the odd-numbered license plates the following day. Reuters claim that up to 4,000 drivers were fined, and 27 car owners had their vehicle impounded due to their reactions to the fines. After the ban was implemented, the smog had cleared enough for the French ruling party to remove the ban off of odd-numbered plates the next day.

Car reduced communities are finding that being less dependant on cars is helping by drastically reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Less pollution is a major goal being achieved by this concept of reduced car usage. " It's a good oppertunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." Carlos Arturo Plaza commented as he rode his two-seat bicycle with his wife.

Fellow citizens it is our responsibility to stop pollution, take a stand by reducing your car usage. Ride your bike to school or work instead of driving. Walk to places near by and give your car a break. Consume less gas, stop choking your city. Make an impact today, put your car away. Global pollution is adding to the problems of our global warming today.    