Cell phones should not be allowed while driving due to the big problems it usually causes. Using a cellphone while driving should not be allowed because you need to be considerate of the passengers. Using your cell phone while driving should also be banned because you need to be considerate of other motorist. Most importantly, cell phones should not be used while driving because you are more than likely at risk of having a wreck.

Transporting other human beings in your vehicle is a tremendous responsibility, on that many young drivers take lightly. Sending or reading a text message while driving puts your passengers lives at a significantly higher risk of being involved in an accident while riding in your vehicle. Having other passengers in your vehicle you should think of them while you are driving because now not only your life but another person's life is in your hands and all it takes is one mistake. If you were to get into a bad wreck and you live and the passenger dies you will live with the guilt. There were 2,823 motor vehicle accidents among people age 13 to 19 years old.

When driving you should not use your cell phone, because you need to be considerate of the other motorist driving. Texting and driving puts all the drivers sharing the road with you at risk, too, because you are unable to navigate the road while looking down at the phone in your lap. Texting or on the phone while driving can be annoying to other motorist while driving also when you are swerving into other lanes. When you start to move outside of it, you start to risk hitting something, or someone. Most drivers who use their phone while driving put themselves and other people who are driving at risk of being in deadly car crashes.

In 2011, 1.3 million automobile accidents were caused by texting and driving. Texting and driving makes you twenty-three percent more likely to be involved in an accident. In 2015, 3,477 people were killed, and 391,000 were injured in crashes involving distracted drivers on U.S. roads. The AAA Foundation found that distractions last at least 27 seconds even after ending distracted activities. Statistics show that reaching for your device while driving you are 1.4 times more likely to crash

In conclusion, Your goal while driving is to be as safe as possible. Not going to say it's an easy goal, but it is essential to ensure the safety of yourself and others. To make reaching this goal easier, eliminate distractions and stay off the phone until you get to where you're going. People should help reduce the number of accidents and teens killed in these accidents. Be Aceable!   