Have you ever been given bad advice or not get any advice at all and regret it. Maybe you should have gotten more advice from more people. I always think it is a good idea seek advice from more than one person. Though that is just my advice you might want to hear from someone else.

getting advice from more than one person could keep you from doing something bad. This could be if you want to make a big purchase like a car. It would definitely be a good idea to ask people for advice. Also definitely ask more than one person because thee will always be bad experience with everything and you just might ask that person who had one of those few bad experience. But if you ask more than one person you will get more than one view and opinion.

Asking different people can give you more options on what to do. Some people may just have more experience than others and give better advice. Say you wanted to build a table you might ask people for advice on how to do it. So if you as ten people for advice then you may get people that have more experience than if you just asked the one. So if out of those ten people two make table for a living you might not have asked those two people and not have gotten the expert advice. Those other eight people might not have given bad advice they just might not have given the best advice.

Getting advice from more than one source could keep you from doing something dangerous. For example I am a wood worker and it is my hobby if I am looking on how to make a certain cut someone might give you a dangerous practice that they use all the time. So if you only trust that one person you could get hurt badly. If you just take the extra time to ask more people's opinion you will get told that is dangerous and not to do that. The other person that you ask might give you a better way to do that or tell you about some one that you should ask for more advice.

So yes it will always be the best idea to seek more people for advice. These are my reasons for why that is. Some people may disagree that is fine it is just an opinion. It can just never hurt to ask more than one person.