Have you ever thought about what students could do with extra time on their hands? Students would benefit from online learning because it would be easier to focus, they would have more free time, and it can be used when regular schools are not available. Online school has been considered recently and could be coming very soon. If it happens, we could see if it really benefits students in as many ways as we think. Having online school could be a short term solution or as a permanent solution.

During school, many students can lose focus due to the amount of time they spend in school. By having online school, the usual 7 hour school day would be shortened because of the limitations of online school. Spending 7 hours in school tires the mind and with online school, students can work at their own pace. Students would work better in an environment they are more comfortable with like their bedrooms. The added benefit of being able to take a break whenever would allow students to sleep in instead of having to wake up early in the morning.

Having online school would give students more free time for other activities like sports or hobbies and would remove the stress that comes with school. With free time on their hands, students could do other things they normally would not be able to like apply for jobs, practice sports, and spend time with friends. Students that work or are involved with sports do not have much time to complete assignments and can discourage students to take excelled classes. This limit of time can be stressful for students and many students end up staying up late in order to finish. By giving the students more free time to work or practice sports, students would be able to complete their work on time without stressing over it.

Online school can be used for a temporary replacement for regular school in times of emergencies. Students who are unable to attend school due to disease or injury would be able to keep up with the class through online learning. It could prove useful during times of disease outbreaks like corona virus. Instead of keeping schools open with a risk of infecting students and staff, schools would consider switching to online school for as long as it is needed. Schools could consider using online learning to make up for snow days as well.

Students would benefit from online school because it would be easier to focus, it would give them more free time, and it could be used as a temporary replacement if needed. Having online school temporarily or permanently would benefit students and teachers alike. The amount of time saved by using online school instead of regular school would be huge. Schools would not have to spend nearly as much time as they do teaching students. The amount of time cut and the mental benefits it would provide for students would be very beneficial to their health and to the way they learn