Driverless cars are a thing of the future. There is no doubt that they are comming and comming fast, but I do not believe that there will be totaly driverless in my lifetime. There would be many required updates to the curent roads. Along with the roads, laws would have to be updated as well.

I do not believe that driverless cars are the best kind of cars for these reasons.

Although there have been many good improvements on the modern car, such as seat belts and air bags, I do not think that driverlessness will be one of them. They have created many improvements to the driverless cars, but they are still not totaly driverless. A machine can not take place of a human. Even though driverless cars have all the technology needed to drive on the average road, they still need help to get in or out of driveways or dealing with traffic issues. The car cannot stear itself thorugh roadwork or accidents. What is the point of a driverless car if it cannot drive itself?

Another reason the driverless cars are a thing of the future and not of the now is because there would require far too many updates to the current road system. I do not think that it would be safe if there was a mixture of driverless and non-driverless cars on the same road. What if a driverless "'driver'' did not the warning to take over soon enough and ran into an non-driverless car. Whos fault would it be? The "driver'' or the manufacturer. I do not think that driverless cars are in our best intrest because of all the updates they would require.

Another update required would be law updates. I think that if we went to driverless cars we would have to make everyone switch to driverless cars. If they work how the article clames, like a public-transport taxi system, than it would put a lot of public transportation workers out of buisness. I live in Indiana, on of the many states that do not allow test computer-driven cars. If our state won't even test them, then how are we suppost to know if we can trust them. I do not think that driverless cars would work for us because we do not live in a city. This would not be practical because in my town we do not use taxis, so why would we have access to driverless cars?

I do not think that driverless cars are in our best intrest because they are not totaly driverless. They would also require too many updates to our roads and our laws. Driverless cars may be a think of the future,

but not the near future. 