Have you every needed advice for something? Like the time that you wanted to go to the mall but then you would also want to go to park so you ask multiple friends of yours. It's important to ask more then two people for advice.

It is important to ask for more advice about something because what if you want to go to this one fast food place but you dont know if the food taste good. One of your friends might say that there food does not have no flavor. But when you ask your other friend they might say that it is amazing. That is why you need more opinions about stuff that you arn't sure about. There are a lot of difficult choices that will happen in your life. Let me tell you about a difficult decision I had to make when I was young.

When I was about 11 years old my mom and dad divorced. My Mom and sister made the decision to move out of my Dads house because they were not liking it there. So they talked about it with other family members if they should leave or stay. When they were about to leave, my family asked me if I wanted to live with my Dad or live with my Mom. They gave me a few days to think about it. With those few days I asked my friends and other family relatives what should I do. They all gave me great advice. But they all gave me there love and support. I finally made my decision. I chose to go live with my mom. My mom always gives me great advice about different things. Everybody around me said a different or the same opinion about it. Thanks to them I made up my mind and chose my mom.

Getting the right advice is hard, you really need to trust that person about what you need advice with. Advice is a big thing for people it could change there live. but you need it. what ever problem your stuck on get some advice from multiple people and make a decision. Its not always easy but you will get through it.

This is why you need different statements from different people. You get to hear from different views of the problem. That is some reasons that you need advice from multiple people.         