When you need advice about whether you should go with the pink dress or the blue dress, or what kind of dog you should get, you might want to ask multiply people for advice. I believe that it is smarter to ask multiply people because you might not like the answer one gives you, it's good to have a back up plan, and it's good to have multiple options of what to do. Asking multiple people for advice is a great way to weigh out your options and decide what works the best for you.

If you are trying to decide the best way to break up with your boyfriend then you might ask a friend. If that friend says to just go up and say it to his face and not care about what he feels, you might not think that's the nicest way to break up with him. You would want to ask someone else for advice about what to do because may not like the answer to you got. Another friend might say to go up and slowly ease him into it. See when you ask multiple people you can get another opinion if you don't like the first one.

Imagine you need a dress for the dance on Friday. You ask a couple of your friends what dress you should get. They sent you a list of dresses and you decide that you like the navy one. You go to the store and they tell you that they are all sold out of the navy dress. Normally you would be screwed, but then you remember they sent you a whole list. You also liked the pink one so you decide to get that one. When you ask multiple people you can have a back up plan if one doesn't work out.

Say you want to get a dog. You ask all of your friends what the best dog is and why. They come up to you and tell about how well the are with kids, if they bark a lot, if they are hypoallergenic, how big they get, and how playful and cute they are. You look at all your options and decide the best dog for you is the toy poodle. When you ask multiple people you get multiple answers and more options to choose from. If you only asked one person then you wouldn't get all the information about all the dogs you might only get information about one.

In conclusion, I believe that it is important to ask multiple people for advice. You can have multiple ideas for if you don't like one or for if you need a back up plan. It's also important to have multiple ideas for great big decisions. It can never hurt to ask for multiple people for advice, but it can certainly help.