When asking for advice, seeking multiple opinions can greatly impact what choice you make, and can sometimes change the pathway of your entire life. Many people don't take the time to ask for a second or third opinion, but it can be very beneficial. Getting another opinion on something gives you different viewpoints you might not have thought of beforehand. It also helps you learn from the mistakes of others, helping you to not make the same errors other people have made. Adding on, when you ask for the opinions another person has on a subject, that person can normally give some advice on how to improve what choice you end up making. His or her advice can further the direction of your choice on a topic one way or another. Seeking multiple opinions can be beneficial because it gives you different viewpoints, you learn from other people's mistakes, and you can be given knowledgeable advice.

Starting off, receiving different viewpoints on a topic can be the difference between a great choice and a horrible one. To begin, you get viewpoints that might not even cross your mind otherwise. For example, let's say you're in an extremely long business interview. During this interview, you get up to get a small cup of water. Although you may not think anything of it, that interviewer might get offended by the fact that you didn't offer getting him or her anything to drink. Even though this seems like a small and unnoticed flaw on your part, it can come off to the employer as being rude, causing you to be viewed as someone "unfit for the job." The next reason you should get different viewpoints is because you can learn what's appropriate in certain places. A good example to use here is trying out for a team sport or a role in a play. If the coach or director is on the fence about whether or not you'd be a positive addition to the group, you need to know what to do and what not to do. People can share with you how it's not appropriate to say, "I hate this sport because..," in the middle of a tryout. Saying that sentence could be the reason you don't make the cut. A final reason you should get different viewpoints is because it helps open your eyes to realize that not everyone will look at things the same way. Just like a pessimist and an optimist wouldn't view getting an eighty out of one hundred on a test the same way, not each interviewer or coach will view things the same. In short, asking for different opinions and receiving different viewpoints can show what's appropriate, that everyone won't have the same view, and other, unheard of views exist.

Next, seeking multiple opinions can help you learn from the mistakes of others. Although pointing out flaws is normally frowned upon, examining others' mistakes in order to better yourself is one of the best things you can do. To begin, learning from mistakes provides a large chance to improve yourself. Looking and listening to the mistakes others have made is like having a neon, bright orange, and gleaming road sign in front of your face screaming, "Stop! Don't do that!" Another reason you need to learn from the mistakes of others is because it gives you time to think about your choice. You have a chance to think based off what you've learned. "Based off what I know from others' experiences, will this choice benefit me or harm me?" is one question you can ask after finding out their mistakes. Finally, learning from mistakes others have made shows that it's okay to make a mistake in your choices. Everyone makes mistakes sometimes. It's proof that even if your opinion and choice are horribly wrong, you can still make a comeback no matter how far your choice set you back. To sum up, learning from the mistakes of others benefits you when seeking multiple opinions because it gives you many ways to better yourself and your choices in the long run.

Finally, looking for multiple opinions to help you make a better choice is a good idea because people can give you advice. Advice is a very under appreciated thing. For starters, when it's combined with learning from others' mistakes, you've got something great that you can use to your advantage. Not only do you know what not to do, but you also have more knowledge on the correct or better way to do something. Also, advice from peoples' opinions gives you a chance to see how human emotions come into play no matter how hard you try to avoid them. Human beings are emotional creatures, and almost anyone can, and will, give you advice or tips on how to steer clear of upsetting someone or making them cry. Another way advice helps you make a better choice is that it helps you to make sure you're not doing something completely illogical and unnecessary. For example, if you're getting a new pair of running shoes, you'll want advice on what type of shoe to get. You don't want to end up with a shoe brand or type that damages your foot. You want a good, sturdy running shoe that will last you a while. Getting advice and opinions helps you make sure you won't pick a shoe that is impractical and harmful. In the end, receiving advice while searching for opinions is a good idea because it helps you figure out wrong from right, good from bad, and overall improves what choice you end up making.

To conclude, seeking multiple opinions will help you make a better choice in comparison to only having one opinion. These opinions can provide many things, including that they give you many viewpoints on subjects. This can help you to realize not everyone will view things in the same way at the same time. It can also help you learn from the mistakes of others because you realize what they did wrong and know not to follow that same pathway. Looking for more than one opinion also gives you a chance to get advice from experienced people. Seeking multiple opinions will benefit you greatly when you have to make choices because you get many viewpoints, you learn from the mistakes of others, and you receive great advice. 