When people ask for advice, they sometimes ask more than one person. It is good to ask more than one person so you can have multiple opinions. You can make better choices, making better choices can help you have an influence on other people even if you do not know it. Advice can also benefit you because you will learn from experiences, if someone tells you what they did and what they did was bad, in your mind you will know not to do that and do the right thing. Taking advice can help you have an impact on not only you, but other people around you. In that way, having an impact on people can be a big step in your life.

Making a better choices could teach you not to get down on yourself. It could teach you to keep your head up when you fail. More people will eventually and gradually start to respect you more because of the right choices you made, and from that you will start to see the light in other people. You will begin to grow not only as a person, but as a role model for other people. They will start to look at you as a person that they know they can trust.

Learning from experiences can be a big tool into helping you make a better choice. If someone tells you what they did and what they did was bad, in your mind you will know not to do that and do the right thing. I know what it is like to ask people for advice, when I didn't want to play basketball I asked my Dad for advice, he told me I can do whatever I want to do, but I'm not going to sit around doing nothing. I took that into consideration and I decided to play basketball again, that helped me because I still think I made the right choice. Making that choice helped me because I do not think I would be where I am today fulfilling my goal.

Having an impact on other people can make them make a better choice. If someone goes to you for advice, you can help them make a better choice. That specific choice could change that persons life in some way. Seeking multiple opinions can be good because you will learn to take criticism from other people. You could make the possible choice to either stand up that person or just ignore them and move on.

Advice, you can take it and use it and you will get results in the future. Overall, making a better choice can strengthen who you are as a person. Not many people decide to actually make good choices because they possibly do not like who they are. Getting multiple opinions from other people can benefit you into making a better choice. Making a better choice you get you to realize that there is bad in the world and making a better choice can fix some of chaos that is going on.