Dear Senator of Florida,

I strongly adivise you, hoping you will take this advise, to discard the Electoral Colledge and change it to whoever gets the most popular vote for the pesident of the United states. In Bradford Plumbers article he states "The electoral colledge is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality." The sad part about that is true. Yes, it was made hundreds of years ago and it worked but as time goes on and technology changes, the world changes, and some things just are not the same and dont fit anymore.

As some of the state of Florida coming together, the electoral college does consist of some advantages, for say to avoid run-off elections, as Richard A. Posner says, and "restore some of the weigh in the political balance"... but

IT'S NOT FAIR

.

As we vote, we vote for the state of electors. Not the president ourselves, they do it for us. If we are not allowed to vote on our own then why even let us vote anways. I feel we are being baby feed. If this is true why even give us any rights as a human being living in the United States all together? Can we not control who we vote for? Sooner or later we wont even watch the presidental elections or even vote and you all will be on your own!

To go along with, I feel that if the electoral college was abolished, then it would be easier on everyone, expecially the senate. Again in Bradford Plumbers articile, "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates do not spend time in states they know have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the swing states." If we are not in a swing state then what are our chances of seeing the candidtes or even a campaign. That siduation would be more hard on you all in the senate then us, the people of Florida, we just wont vote!

We hope you make your decision wisely,

Florida                                                                                                   