It is very beneficial to participate in a extracurricular activity you could make new friends,not be bored all the time,find something new that you like,and find people that have the same hobbies as you. Participation is always key,but if you don't participate then you will be never find something that you like. If you dont participate then you will always be bored,and you will not make any new friends and who doesn't want to make new friends.

You can make new friends,and find people who have the same interest as you. Who doesn't want to make new friends, and making a new best friend who you can play soccer with because you both like soccer. If you never participated then you would've never known that he/she liked soccer. You could practice together and it will just be fun this is why you should participate in a extracurricular activity. You could meet new people and it will overall just be fun.

If you get involved then you won't be sitting at home bored. You could be doing something that you really enjoy,and you could be doing it with your friends. Your friends can make it ten times better so then you will most definitely not be bored. Most people would want to go out and do something,and not be sitting at home being bored. Your other friends might be out getting involved in something so that should motivate you to go out and get involved. Even your friends could motivate you to go and participate.

Getting involved and meeting new people you can also find people who have the same hobbies as you. Finding people with the same hobbies as you can be fun,and lets say you both like painting then yall could hang out and paint together. Who knows you might have other things in common with them. Then boom you just found you a new friend who has the same hobbies as you. If you never participated then you would've never met this person or would've know that they liked painting.

Since you have to participate if there is nothing that interest you then try something new,and if you don't like it then try something else,and if you still don't like it then well at least you tried. It's not that hard to try something new well if you don't like it then try something else it's that easy. At least you're still getting involved and trying your best thats all that matters. Who knows you might find something new that you like,and you would've never known. You don't have to be good at what you are doing it matters that you tried.

You need to get out there and participate you don't want to be bored all day and night. You will never know if you like to dance if you never try. You would never know that you and sally had the same hobbies. You would've never known,well you do want to know so go participate and make new friends. Remember participation is always key so go participate in your schools sports or something else that you enjoy the most. 