As time goes by, there are many things that change the world everymintue. The ideas of humanity has lead the world to a different direction. One example of this is the developement of the diverless cars. For years many creative people have always dream of making this real to help humans' enviorment, transportation, and safetyness. If this developement of these driverless cars is to help humans improve their lives than the developement should countinue.

If people are going to invent something that helps the humans they must as well invent something that helps the enviorment. In todays world we know that there is a lot of chemicals in the air and that many of us are affected. Actually everyone is affected be it. If the amount of gas is reduce in half and maybe we can safe todays' world. Wiht the reducement of contamination in the air the more safer is the air for humans to be able to breath it in.

In today's world transportation is assensional in our lives. Because today's society has made humans move and have faster lives than a human that lived in the 1700s would have we depend more on cars or anything that has four wheels and a motor. Just image being in New York City and not being able to get a taxi or always arriving late to imortant meetings. In this kind of problems the diverless cars are able to fix this since they offer far more flexibility than a bus and finally you are able to get to place on time without a problem.

The most important goal of creating the diverless cars is for the safety of humans. As the years pass people have created sensors. Sensors can causes the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce the power from the engine of the car, allowing far better response and control than and human driver could mange alone. But this is not the end of senors. People have made futher improvements on them and computer hardware and software to make sure to make driving safer also leading to cars that handle more and more tasks on their own.

Eventhough the invention of the drverless cars has a long way to be completed the difficulties are not going to be an obsticle for the people who want to see this dream become real. In conclusion the development of the diverless cars can be a positive outcome on the enviorment, transportation, and human safety.               