Have you ever felt the excitement of being with your friends after school and doing something that you all love? Extracurricular activities include chess, soccer, basketball, and choir. There are an endless amount of after school activities, so everyone can have something to do. I agree with the fact that everyone should participate in an extracurricular activity because they help one to make new friends, they are lots of fun, and they help make great learning experiences.

When one comes to a new school, not knowing anyone can be a struggle. Extracurricular activities can help create a friend group for you. Extracurricular activities only happen around once a week, so you can spend that time with your friends. Many people only have a little friend group that they like to hang around, and extracurricular activities help expose people to new friends. Boosting your friend group can also lead to a boost in your self confidence around others. This is a reason that more people should be involved in extracurricular activities.

Extracurricular activities are a lot of fun. You get to hang out with your friends while doing what you love. There are such a variety of activities that you can do whatever you want without worrying that there isn't something for you. Besides, if your friends are doing an activity with you, it will probably be fun anyways. Extracurricular activities can help you find the fun things there are in high school and college.

Extracurricular activities are a great learning experience. They are amazing because they can make your day seem more fulfilling than it already was. Extracurricular activities can help you create more skills than you already have because they help you to develop more and more skills that will benefit you later in life. More and more colleges are looking for people to play sports for them. Extracurricular activities can help to get you into college for a lower cost. This is my final reason why extracurricular activities are a great idea.

Everyone should participate in an extracurricular activity because they help you make friends, they are a lot of fun, and they create great learning experiences. Everyone will have something for them to do after school because there are so many options. Extracurricular activities help you get your mind stay relaxed. From soccer to being in the musical there are so many options for extracurricular activities.