The education system is always adapting to fit the wants and needs of students and finding ways to improve students' learning. One way that the education system has adapted and improved is through distance learning, which is online classes. Many schools offer online classes to students, who can either take online or in school classes. Students benefit from these online classes because it eliminates their need to commute between home and school, they do not have to miss class due to illness or inclimate weather, and they can learn at their own pace in an environment that is comfortable for them.

Students who attend classes at home do not have to commute between home and school, which is a benefit because that helps save gas, since the students would not be making a round every time they have class. This not only saves gas, but also time and money, since students would not be traveling as much or using up as much of their gas. Online classes also eliminate the possibility of being late to class for any reason. For example, students who attend regular in-school classes may be late due to traffic caused by a car accident, for students who attend online classes, they would not have to worry about this situation occurring.

Another benefit of distance learning is that students can still attend class even in the event of inclimate weather or illness. Many schools are currently using this advantage, due to the coronavirus. Several schools have already switched to online classes, so as to avoid spreading the disease without having to cancel classes altogether. Other schools are planning on implementing online classes as well due to the coronavirus. Schools have also used distance learning during times of inclimate weather, such as substantial snowfall, so that students did not miss a day of learning. Many schools districts are implementing snow programs, where if school is canceled due to snow or other inclimate weather, students can still learn and not have to make up for the missed day or days later on in the year.

Online classes allow students to learn at their own pace in a their own comfortable environment. This is a benefit because not all students learn at the same pace or the same way. Some students are auditory learners, while others are visual. With online classes, students can learn how they want, an auditory learner can take a class that involves video conferencing, while a visual learner can take a class that includes PowerPoint with notes. Also students are in their own environment, so they can have a music playing or not, or be in bed or at a desk, they are not limited like students in a classroom are. Also, with online classes, students can take care of their work at any point during the day, unless its a video conference class. This helps students who have busy lives, for example, a mother who is returning to college may take online classes, so that she can do her work at night, instead of being in class during the day, when she needs to get errands done. Many universities offer online classes for that reason, their online college classes are designed to be flexible and work with people's busy schedules.

Some can argue though, that distance learning does not benefit students for reasons such as lack of internet, lack of interaction with teachers or other students, or lack of being able to monitor whether the student is cheating. However, these reasons can be argued against. For example, if a student lacks internet, online classes are optional, so they can opt out of online classes, or they could get internet, by either buying wifi or going somewhere with wifi. Also, online classes have video conferencing, so students could still have interaction with the teacher and other students, and the students can easily communicate with the teacher through email if needed. Also, measures can be and are put in place to prevent cheating, for example, the end of course test for online classes are usually held in a normal classroom setting at a school and certain sites used for schools do not allow students to leave it while in the middle of an assignment, such as powerschool.

In conclusion, distance learning offers students many benefits. Distance learning allows student to eliminate a commute to school every class, does not prevent them from attending in the event of illness or inclimate weather, and allows them to learn comfortably. Students benefit from online classes, so more schools should implement distance learning, especially for during winter, when there are consistent school closings due to snow. 