Texting and Driving is Dangerous

So what I'm going to be explaining why people should leave their phones alone in the car. I also am going to explain the consequences if you play on your phone in the car. I'm also explaining why you should stay focused driving. I am also teaching you about clicking your seatbelt, so sit back and take notes.

The reason you should leave your phone alone, because you're putting people in danger. For example "say you're driving and texting and take your eyes off the road, Then Boom! You just killed yourself and someone else. I think that if we check phones when we stop the vehicle we can stop wrecks from happening. You should always keep your eyes on the road, because what if a big garbage truck runs into you because you weren't paying attention. So that's the reason you shouldn't text while driving.

You also shouldn't text and drive. There are 27,000 wrecks a day and most are from texting and driving. Like its crazy people don't understand your putting lives in danger including yourself. How can we as people to get the unfocused people to understand that this activity their doing is dangerous and serious. Like I really hope people come to their senses and realize their live and everybody else are important. Remember people you're live is more important than material things.

I really think we need to get this through people head. Because last year 36,750 died from car wrecks like do they want to be added to the count. They need to come to their senses and ask there selves "is it really worth it", because what's more important your life or a text. You should also fasten your seatbelt when driving or riding in a car. Because in 2017 6 out of 10 occupants have died in car wrecks for not having their seatbelts fasten. So if you were to have your seatbelt off and text and drive it's a possibility you could get hurt very bad or die.

So now that I've explained the consequences of this activity that should stop. I want you to think about the actions you do have consequences so make better choices. So I hope you come to your senses and take notes on how to be safe in your vehicle. Stay focused and put your seat belt on, because you wouldn't want to risk it all over something crazy.                  