Many Americans are often lazy, so if they are told to do something difficult and get nothing in return then they would put very little effort into the assignment . This problem occurs most often with teenagers because like most young people they would rather be having fun then working. Adults look more at the long term effect, so if it may benefit them in the future then they will put some effort into it. Although some may believe otherwise, teachers experience with projects, typical teenager laziness, and questioning proves teachers should create and assign summer projects.

Although some may believe otherwise, teachers experience with projects proves that they should create and assign summer projects. Teachers have been trained through years of school to make the right kind of projects that will be beneficial to students learning. Most teachers, have also been making projects for years so they know what works well with students and what does not. By looking at this point it seems obvious who is more qualified to make a summer project. However, some may argue that a student designed projects help students learn more because more effort has to go in. This is statement is false though because most students will put less effort in so that they can get the project over quickly. Teachers should clearly assign summer projects because they have more experience with the matter.

Although some may believe otherwise, typical teenager laziness proves that teachers should create and assign summer projects. Teenagers have a big problem with getting motivated to do something especially if it won't help in the future. More often than not, if students are told to do something and think they wont get much out of it then they will not try their hardest. That to me is a big problem because whats the point of doing something if no effort is getting put in, it's just wasting time because no real learning is getting done. However, some may argue that if they would get some motivation from say there parents then more effort would get put in thus leading to more learning. Even though more effort may lead to more learning this statement is still inaccurate because this argument may not apply to everyone because everyone is different and they get to determine how the project is made. Frankly, students are lazy by nature and them deciding how the project is made can lead to time wasting and bad motivation to learn.

Although some may believe otherwise, questioning proves that teachers should create and assign summer projects. Evidence shows that when a student is unsure he or she would ask for directions but when they're told to make a project and are given no directions what are they to do then? Not much because no teacher is around to help during the summer so the project could turn out to be a disaster. This is why we need teachers to assign them because they would know exactly what to do and not have to worry about asking questions. Some may argue that the teacher could try and answer as many questions as possible before the break. However, not only is that a big hassle students would more then likely forget over the long break. Asking questions and not being able to receive an answer can lead to a lot of students downfall on the project.

Although some may believe otherwise, teachers experience with projects, typical teenager laziness, and questioning proves teachers should create and assign summer projects. Throughout this passage anyone can tell that it's better if a teacher would construct summer projects. Even some arguments contrasting this topic seem logical, it's better to let teachers handle making the projects.    