Dear State Senator,

I am in favor of keeping the Electoral College. I believe in keeping the Electoral College for many reasons.

The Electoral College is not a place but a process that was established by the founding fathers as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. Each candidate running for president in a state has their own group of electors. A presidential election is held every four years so we can help choose our state's electors because when we vote for our candidate we actually are voting for our candidate's electors. Under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who turn elect the president. The electors can be anyone not holding public office.

A single argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. At a very basic level, electoral college is unfair to voters. Mainly becuase of the winner-take-all system in each state. It is proven that the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational but I strongly disagree. It is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote but it rarely happens. I have five reasons for retaining the Electoral College despite its lack of democratic pedigree.

One is Certainty of Outcome. A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. For example, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney. A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes, 538, is an even number, but it is highly unlikely. Second is Everyone's President. The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. The residents of the other regions are likely to feel disenfranchised-to feel that their votes do not count and that the new president will have no regard for their interests. Third is Swing States. The winner-take-all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates-as we saw in 2012's election. Fourth is Big States. The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution. Fifth is Avoid Run-off Elections. The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. An example is Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992. They both had only a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes.

These are many reason I am in favor of keeping the Electoral College.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME    