Today's technology has changed the way we live.

One of the biggest changes in the last decade has been the use of cell phones.

The average person uses their cell phone at least 25 times per day.

This includes many different types of use.

We use phones for things today that just 3 years ago required a computer.

With this new world of wander, comes some disadvantages as well as dangers.

One of the most common dangers of cell phones is use while operating a vehicle.

Many states have laws in place to limit or even eliminate usage at all while driving.

There are many people that think making a law where you can't use your cell phone in a car at all is unnecessary. I find that to be a logical stand point for many reasons.

There is an argument for either side.

I, personally, feel that the government should not interfere with such decisions. However, I do realize the argument in favor of these type laws for safety reasons.

With today's technology, there are many more uses for a cell phone besides just making a phone call.

One of those uses is for navigation. This is a very helpful technology advancement that is used by millions of people every day. Many vehicles are now equipped with bluetooth technology which allows a cell phone to communicate through your car.

I think that using this option is a safe way to use a cell while driving.

As I mentioned earlier, the use of cell phones while driving can be a safety issue.

I do realize that there have been multiple accidents, some fatal, due to the use of a phone while driving.

I agree that distracted driving puts everyone on the road at an increased risk for accident. With the use of bluetooth and similar advances, you can do many things on a cell phone without even touching the phone.

For example, I can use voice to text or voice dial options to communicate with others while I am driving.

This is a safer option that always allows me to have both hands on the wheel.

I do think that my generation is a little too addicted to their phones.

An addiction to anything can become a problem.

I also think that having laws such as limited or zero tolerance of cell phone usage while driving can create an even bigger problem.

Before it was a law in GA, I feel that I was a safer driver, even when using my phone.

After the law went in force, I still use my phone sometimes while I am driving.

I now just try to hide it.

This creates an even bigger safety issue for me.

I will probably always have a cell phone with me.

I do try and limit my usage while I am driving now more than I did before GA passed the current no usage law.

However, as I've said above, I don't feel like this is something that government should be involved in.

I think if you are a safe driver then you will know when it is ok to use your phone and when it isn't.

I understand that I am still a young driver and if I were older my opinion might be different.

There are good and bad sides of most laws and I don't think this one is any different.     