The education system is always trying to find new ways to improve the how kids learn and how efficiently the kids learn. With the evolution of technology, it has given the education system new ways to improve how students learn and interact with their teachers or professors on a day to day basis. Schools are now beginning to teach classes online to students and it may be more beneficial the one may think. Students can heavily benefit from online learning and attending classes from because, it can help students focus more on their learning, it can allow teachers to be more available for their students, and it can help those that dont live close enough to an actual school still get an education.

Online classes and learning from home can help students focus and buckle down on their education. For example, Generic_Name is a Junior in high school which means its an important year for her to be focused on her classes and how she is doing in them. But, Generic_Name has just gone through a break up with her boyfriend and had issues with some of her friends. Its now all that can think about and her mind starts to drift when ever she is in class which is affecting her grades. Students in school deal with drama on a day to day basis and it can affect them to the point that they arent focused on their classes at all. The only thing they think and talk about is whatever drama is going on in their social life. When they are being taught at home, they do not have to worry about whatever someone else is doing because they are in their own home one on one with a teacher which will allow them to be more focused at the task at hand which is their education. Another way online education can help kids focus is, if the have any issues in dealing with people. Generic_Name has severe social anxiety and suffers from panic attacks and shakiness whenever she as around too many people that she does not know. She can not focus in class because she is to busy dealing with how she feels about the pressure from being in school and being around a lot of people can be a detriment to her education. There are many people who deal with social anxiety or other social disabilities. With online at home classes it can prevent any social issues and help those kids focus. Overall, students being focused is one of the main keys to getting a proper education and anyway to improve that and prevent a loss of focus is a good thing.

Attending classes from home can also allow teachers to be more available to their students and can be there for students based on the students schedule. Generic_Name Plays basketball for a travel league and they practice everyday from 3pm-5pm so as soon as school ends for him he has to go home get dressed and start making his way to the location of his practice. But if he needed help on a topic that he did not understand in class then he can not necessarily stay after school to ask a teacher a question or get extra help. In an online school system teachers can be available for help at basically anytime if a student needs to have a conference or video call with them. They do what they can based around a students schedule so that they can better help the student. Another way online school allows teachers to be more available is when, a student may need help while studying late night. Sometimes they run into questions on homework or other practices given to them that they struggle to understand. Teachers can take the time to help them understand so that they can feel confident in their answers. Teachers in online school compared to normal school provide a lot more availability to their students which can be beneficial any many situations students go through outside of their education.

Lastly, online school from home can be beneficial to those that miss school for reasons such as being sick or traveling. Generic_Name had to miss several days of school because he got had a really bad fever and while he was gone his teacher had already gone through a whole unit of material that will be difficult to catch up on. If was doing online school he could take the classes while sick because he'll still be at his house. Therefore, he will not have to play catch up on any assignments or notes he missed. He will have them all at the click of a mouse and hes at the same pace as everyone else. Another example is how you can still take all your classes while on a trip. Generic_Name had to go go Florida to visit her grandmother for her birthday but she left on Thursday. While she was away she missed a test and 2 quizzes from her classes that she will have to make up when she gets back to school. This means she will stress out about the material that will be on said tests and quizzes while trying to be on vacation with her family and she may even forget to study for it at all. With the easy accessibility of online classes students can take tests or quizzes on the go while they are traveling. Even if they forget to take it while traveling the can study with the notes and topics they already received from online sessions so students do not also have to worry about bringing study materials with them. The flexibility with online classes to help kids learn no matter where they are is surely an advantage and a benefit to all students.

Many people may argue that online school could be too lenient for students and will not emphasize deadlines, can teach kids the same social skills that being in an actual school would, or that online school doesnt place as many responsibilities on students as normal schools. Online classes can make eliminate distractions making it easier to focus, give students more opportunities to get help form teachers, and help out those who may be sick travel when there are important things going on. Over all online classes at home give the same information and teach the same curriculum as normal public schools with giving added benefit of flexibility. This could be the new standard for how classes are taught in the world today.