I believe that there is no merit in requiring students to take part in an after school activity. I find that it is not beneficial for students to take part in activities outside of school. These activities give students no particular academic advancement or benefit. This time could be spend doing other things outside of school, for example sleep, homework, and extra help. Students also need time to themselves, so they can do the things that they enjoy. They want to have fun, and i am sure that there are more enjoyable things to do than spend more time at the place that students dislike the most.

First of all, most of the after-school activities give no benefit to the students. For example, yearbook will not help someone with their math exam. If you sign up for basketball this wont help with your science test retake on Monday. The time students waste on after-school activities could be better spent on this that will give them academic advancement or success. This will not give students the extra sleep, study time, or free time, this will only deplete it. There is no benefit in wasting more time at school where you wont be learning anything. I believe that students would appreciate it if the after-school activities were optional rather than mandatory. This would give students the option to attend and not the inconvenient requirement.

My second reason is that this time wasted on after-school activities could be used for better things. For example, extra help from a tutor so the student will be prepared for their exam. This time could also be used to get some sleep, which not only the students gravely need. Family is also a huge part of a students attitude inside and as well as outside of school, the student can use this time to spend with their family. The students acquire a substantial amount of homework every day, the tie after school ends is vital for students, because they need to complete the work that they acquire, which can be done more efficiently at home. It is simply unnecessary to require students to waste their time attending after-school when they have better things to be doing.

Finally, most students don't particularly enjoy school, they find it boring. The time after school is important for students, They can do the things that they enjoy. For example, They can play sports, play games, and they can spend time with their family, but the students can only do those things if they have the time. Having fun is not the only thing that students can do when they get home, they also have work to do. If the time is wasted at school the student wont have the time or energy to do the things that they enjoy doing. The students deserve time to themselves so I cannot agree to a proposal that disrupts that. I believe that this is not the best decision for the students, Because they will not have the time to enjoy themselves.

So in conclusion, I disagree with the principal requiring students to attend after-school. It gives no particular benefit to the Student. Second, This ''after school'' tie can be used for better things. Finally, this takes away from the students personal time. Please consider the students when making decisions like this. 