When students have summer projects, the question comes up of whether they should be teacher-designed or students-designed projects. For the benefit of the student the summer projects should be teacher designed because it can help you retain some of the information you learned from the previous year, it can prepare for what a you could expect next year, and the teacher can make parts of the project based on topics that you may not be as strong in.

First off when it comes to summer projects, it is true that students tend to put them off and focus on having fun. This causes students to lose some of the knowledge that they gained throughout the previous year. So when the student decides to do the summer project that's when they begin to regain the knowledge because they start using the brain to find information on the topic at hand or answer any questions that are asked. Doing this can help the student retain the information by linking it with a certain activity such as the summer project. I know that when I had summer projects to do by the time school started I remebered most of what I learned from the project so when school started i dint need to review anything cause I already remebered it from the project.

Another benefit of having teacher-designed summer projects is that they can prepare you for the upcoming year. Teachers know what one should expect for the coming years so they can properlly prepare you for what you should be seeing in the next school year. It does make sense that if a summer project was student- designed it would have a higher chance of getting finished, it would be do to the fact that students would make it easy and it'll cause them to not retain the information. So when teacher-designed summer project gets assigned you'll be forced to research what you will be learning so it can aid you with aquiring an understanding of what you'll be seeing later. This can make you better as a student and it can get your mind right and ready to start school.

Since teachers know what you should expect for the upcoming school year and doinga summer project helps you retain information this can give the teacher the option to make the project based on topics that you aren't as strong in so when the year comes up you'll have a good understanding of it. Especially when you are continuing on to a higher level of a previous class it is important to have the informtaion from last year locked in to your head so you don't fall behind. An example of this is when I got assigned a summer project based on the units of history that I didn't do well in so the teacher gave me a summer project so next year I have a good grasp on what I learned.

In conclusion, It would be best if students got assigned a teacher-designed project because they know what would help you and what you'll expect to see next year so they can properlly prepare you for what you'll see. So all around a teacher-designed project is the most beneficial.