I know that I always ask other people for advice on things. However, I always ask more than one person for this advice. Advice given by other people is often very useful, but needs validation. People can lie very easily, and if you only ask one person, these lies can seep into your brain like water into a crack. Therefore, it is best to ask more than one person on advice. You should always ask more than one person for advice because you can see how people react to your ideas, it can provide information on how other people think about certain topics and can challenge your thoughts.

First off, it can help you see how others react to your ideas. This is quite important because if you need this advice to make a speech, it can give you an insight on how your audience will act towards the sliver of knowledge you are sharing. The reasoning behind this is that having more than one person validate can show you how multiple people can respond to a certain topic. If you know how multiple people will act, you will see how an audience could do the same. It also helps you realize if this thought is a good or bad thought. People will tell you if they think that your thought is horrible or not. This can help you mold it to perfection.

Next, it can provide information on other people's thoughts on your topic. If people dont want to hear your ideas, why will an audience? This critical point of review will show you if people will react positively or negatively. If they are more willing to hear it, than an audience might want to hear it too. It can also show if people have certain foundations of knowledge on a subject. If they try to propose changes, this shows they are interested in the subject, and that most other people will be too.

Lastly, it can help you challenge your ideas. Asking multiple people can open your eyes to how others will want to add to your topic. This can be in the form of adding things to it, revising it, or even changing your thoughts entirely. If other people want to add things to your idea, than an audience will want to as well. This can show you how a mass of people will want to challenge your thoughts. They can ask questions demanding that you answer concerns over your idea. This can even strengthen your perception on a topic, or it could make your change your stance.

In conclusion, you should ask multiple people for advice because it can help you observe how others will react, let the thoughts of others be incorporated into your ideas, and provide an insight on the concerns of others against you. Advice is always useful, and you need to see others for advice. Without other people, you won't succeed. In fact, go ask somebody else for advice and challenge yourself to seek more sources on that piece of advice. Lots of people, including myself, ask other people for an insight on a particular topic. We all ask for advice, and we should always ask more people about the given advice.