As a teenager, attending school every morning is a normal part of the daily routine; however, some students have voiced their desires to study from home. Nevertheless, studies have shown that the vast majority of teenagers enjoy attending school because of the many opportunities they are offered there. Some people may say that attending school from home by way of online or video conferencing places less pressure and stress on teenagers. However, students would greatly benefit from attending school at an approved location because they would be taught helpful professional skills, given more hands-on learning opportunities, and encouraged to become more social.

When applying for any position or role in society, people are expected to have basic professional skills that will help place them higher on a list of other candidates for the job. Attending school at a physical location is a great way of improving the professional skills required for being a helpful part of society. One way schools teach basic professional skills is by expecting students to arrive to school and after-school events on time. Attending school at a physical location also encourages students to dress professionally. Cooperation is a skill that is extremely helpful at work and everyday life. Being able to attend school physically, would provide a greater opportunity for cooperation with fellow students.

Along with cooperation skills, schools offer many ways to encourage students to become more social. In life, being social is very important. Regarding teens, socializing is crucial for brain development. Studies at Yale University have proven that teens who are social butterflies tend to have significantly more developed brain activity. When attending school, students have a higher chance of socializing with teachers and fellow students, which would help their minds develop faster and easier. Consequently, being social is crucial for life beyond school.

Many studies at top universities like Harvard and Duke have shown the significant effect hands-on learning has on the teenage brain. Humans tend to learn faster from firsthand experiences. Therefore, attending school from home may limit the number of opportunities the students are offered for hands-on learning. When students are present at school, teachers can provide many resources to encourage students to learn through hands-on activities.

Some may say that it would be more beneficial for students to attend school from home by way of online or video conferencing because it would place them under less stress and pressure. Nevertheless, students benefit significantly from attending school at a physical location because they would be taught helpful professional skills, given more hands-on learning opportunities, and encouraged to become more social.