How should kids be today: at home all day doing chores or outside doing sports and having fun? Playing sports is healthy for your mind, body, and strength. It's also fun to hang out with friends and take your mind off of things at home. Last but not least, it's great for extra credit for future classes. Therefore; I agree with requiring at least one extracurricular activity like sports, for it is fun, healthy, and provides extra credit.

Sports could be very for kids like me. Sports are definitely great for hanging out with friends. You can practice for games with your best of friends. Also, you can take a break from home like chores and babysitting. It can also take away from some of your stress by not even thinking about it. Everyday life could be taken a break from just by focusing on practicing and playing. So you dont have to worry about everything you have to do at home.

Playing sports is also very healthy. It requires a lot of exercise, making you physically active. Practicing is exercise by planning and getting ready for everything for the next game you play a game. Games require the most energy of all, for you are doing everything planned but ten times harder. It can also be a big stress reliever. Better sleep schedules is an effect from doing a lot of practice and exercise. While practicing or playing games, it can also take your mind off of things at home.

Extra credit is a great effect of playing sports. It helps you get into certain schools that are tough to be accepted in to. High school specialty programs are tough to be accepted in to but playing sports can help. Also, playing sports looks great on any college resame. Teachers could also have an interest in the sports you play. They might be impressed and agree to have you as a student in their class. It could also be pleasing knowing that sports help you sleep better to be better focused on classwork.

I believe sports should be required as an extracurricular activity. Great effects are it could be fun, healthy, and you could receive extra credit. As kids we should be outside more, be active, and have fun. Sports could also prepare us for future jobs or side activities like hobbies. 