The Seagoing Cowboys

Many people know, and many people don't know about the Seagoing Cowboys.

In the ecxerpt, Luke was one of these.

Seagoing Cowboys are for anybody and everybody.

In this paper, there will be many details describing why Seagoing Cowboys are for everybody.

There are many details to describe the greatness of being a Seagoing Cowboy.

One detail is because if you are one of these people, than you get to take care of a bunch of poor animals.

A few of these animals are horses, young cows, and mules that are being shipped overseas.

You would also take care of people.

Some things that they would do are help their food suppliy animals and more.

Not just for the people, but for the countries that were left in the ruins.

Another detail is that you get to have a great time while you do it.

Luke for enstince, got to hang out with his other cowboys and have fun.

They would play base ball, vollyball games, table tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games.

They did these things to help pass some time.

The would also sometimes be able to go sight seeing.

Some people think that being a Seagoing Cowboy is dangerous.

Well, there not completly wrong.

Although being a Seagoing Cowboy can be fun and adventurious, it can also be dangerous.

In the ecxerpt, on Luke's second trip he had to be a watchman.

On one rainy night, he slid down the wet slippery ladder onto his back.

He shot feet first toward an opening on the ship.

Luckly, there was a small strip of metal on the edge which stopped him from ragging vigourusly into the wet and dark Atlantic Ocean!

After that he couldn't work for a couple of days because he had a few broken ribs.

Yes.

Everything in the paragrapg above is true, although, this only happens every once in a blue moon.

In the excerpt this didn't happen to any other of Luke's cowboy buddies.

So yeah it can get a little rough out there, but it only happens very rarely.

People have alot of fun joining this program and they always have a good time while they are here.

As one can see joining the Seagoing Cowboys program is for anybody and everybody.

It Is an amazing and exiting feeling once you know that your helping animals and helping people affected by World War ll.                                      