I think that you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program because you may get to see new sights. You may also play fun and exiting games while your off shift or while going on the return trips. You can also help out with fun things like feeding the animals or be put on night shift.

The sights you get to see could be amazing. The thing you get to see could be amazing. When you are a Seagoing Cowboy you get to see all types of new things like new fish or new landscapes. Some off the landscapes you might not be used to, but that means that you could enjoys the veiw! As your out on the sea you can see fish that you might of never seen before. You could also see reefs that are colorful and bright!

When your on the ship it could get quite borning. You might want to do something fun. Well on the return trip you get to play all the games etc. you want. Some games for when your in the mood for somehting sporty you can play baseball and volleyball where their are empty holds where the animals were kept. You can also play table tennis, fencing, and boxing. After you played the sports you might be ready for a relaxing game such as board games or cards. If your not into those kinds of things then you can just read or whittle. There is always a fun option.

When there are tons of animals on the ship there is always work to be done. To help out you can feed the animals and/or clean their stalls. You could also pull up bales of hay and bags of oats from the lower holds of the ship. When you feed the animals you have to feed and water them 2 or 3 times a day. To be extra helpful you could help clean. It may not be the funnest job, but it helps a lot. When we get to our destination there are tons of animals to load off the ship. You coild help unload them or if we are back at our returning place you could help load the animals and all the supplies into the ship.

Those are only some of the reansons why you should become a Seagoing Cowboy. Its a lot of fun, but it can be hard sometimes. You may get hurt, but thats okay. Thanks for your time.