Everyone wants to have the best advice they can get. If it comes to work, making the right decisions, or even simply what to wear. But sometimes people ask multiple people for the same advice. But others tend to just go with their gut and not ask anybody else. Not asking anybody else isn't the worse idea; but isn't the best idea either. But asking other people may be a good idea because there is a slight chance you could potentially ruin your life with the wrong decision. I think that asking multiple people for advice is the best way because you get different views, you can easily conclude what the best decision is, and you could prevent your self form other people getting angry at you for not making the correct decision

First off you would get different point of views. If you don't ask other people's advice then you could be making the wrong decisions and ruining yours or someone else's day. But if you did ask other people then you would most likely be making the correct decision. But if you don't know what decision to make then asking other would people would definitely be the best idea because then you would have other views on the question you asked the person and would get a good reason to do or not to do at the thing you were asking to do. And also if you ask other people for advice then you could be helping your self for the future .

Secondly, you would easily conclude what the best advice is. If you would ask other people for advice it would really easy to identify what the decisions. All the people said the same answer for the advice then it is clear, the answer they gave you is the best one. But if all of them didn't say the same answer, then just go with the decision most people said was the best. And when you still speculate which one is the best decision then just hear the reasons people tell you Which ever reason is the most reasonable than the other is probably the best decision. And which ever decision reasoning doesn't even make sense is probably not the best decision.

And finally, you could really piss someone off if you don't ask other people for advice. Lets say your going out and meeting up with strangers and you need to talk about something to make them your friends. If you don' t ask others for advice and say the wrong thing; not only are they not going to be your friend, but hey will get extremely mad at you for saying that. But if you do ask others for advice about what to talk about then they might be your friend but they might also not get mad at you for saying the wrong thing. And if you don't ask others for their opinions and they do get them mad, you don't know them they could throw a punch or whack you with something and you could get hurt because you didn't ask others for the best advice.

In conclusion, asking others would be the best choice for seeking advice. You never know what could happen when you dont get the best advice and you don't ask others for the best advice. But not asking others also not the worst idea, but asking others is the better one to choose. You would be improving your life from making the correct decision by asking others for the best decision. Asking others for the best decisions best way then not asking is because you get different views of the question, you can easily conclude what the best decision is, and you could prevent your self form other people getting angry at you for not making the best decision.