For the vote for the president of the United States, the election should not depend on popular vote, but for the Electoral College. The citizens of the United States should understand that when they vote, they are voting for the Electoral College, and that their vote will not necessarily determine who the president is. The Electoral College should be picked more carefully to avoid "the disaster factor", but not completely abolished.

As stated in paragraph 1, the electoral college is a compromise between the congress and popular vote. This can serve as a check that determines the president. Just like children are taught in elementary school about science projects, multiple tests can determine the best result. Relying on one voting could put the wrong president in place, and our country is at stake in this situation. If the president presents his campaign to multiple groups of people, it can show what people want in many scenarios. This can determine what the best choice really is.

In paragraph 9 of source 2, it states how many presidents have wanted to abolish the electoral college. It seems that they all could have one thing in common: they recieve the popular vote, but not the Electoral College vote. I could frankly say that this makes them sound like sore losers, and because one of two parties didn't vote in their favor, they want to get rid of it. I'm sure they might have some legitimate reasons as to why they want to abolish the Electoral College, but I wouldn't doubt that being a sore loser is one of them.

In paragraph 11, the author talks about the 2000 fiasco. Although he makes some good points about the legitimacy of the Electoral College, some points can be made about the popular vote as well. Many people in the popular vote can choose their vote based on things that don't relate to the campaign, and some people running for president depend on it. They will spend their time trashing the opposing candidate which will cause the voter to think "This president says that the other is bad and I believe them, so i will vote on the person that told me so". This is just one example of how just like the Electoral College, the popular vote can be illegitimate as well.

Although there are many reasonable reasons to abolish the Electoral College, it should not be abolished so that the vote is based on many trials, rather than just 1. We should carefully select our Electoral College, but getting rid of it could put the wrong president in place for the wrong reasons. This is why the Electoral College should continue to be a part in the vote for the president of the United States.               