Do you want more stress and pressure from your schoolwork and extracurricular activity? Do you want your time with your family and friends cut short? In today's world, students usually gets too much pressure from their extracurricular activities causing them to forget about their grades and schoolwork. Students shouldn't have to do an extracurricular activity in school because it adds more stress to their academic and social life and it cuts the time they can us to spend their time with their family and friends.

In addition to that, a reason why students shouldn't be pressured into doing an extracurricular activity is because it adds more stress into their academic and social life. For example, if a student joined a sport or a musical group, students that chose a sport would put their focus in practice since the championship games may be coming up. And students that chose a musical or art activity would also put their focus in their practice time to make sure to top first in their competitions. And all the students would put their focus into their practice time to hold up the school's pride. Meanwhile, their grades may be dropping because the students aren't focused on their grades since their extracurricular activity is keeping them focus on the game or competition. Making students' school work and extracurricular activity hard to balance.

Furthermore, another reason why students' shouldn't have the need to take an extracurricular activity is because it could cut the time they spend with their family and friends short. For example, students that chose a musical or sport as an extracurricular activity would have to do practice after school to focus on the game or competition, and sometimes practice can be held back late since the coaches or teachers want to make sure that the students are focused to hold up the school's pride. And with that, the time the students spend with their friends and family would cut short because of the need to focus on his/her extracurricular activity.

In conclusion, making students do an extracurricular activity would add more stress and pressure on to the student making their schoolwork hard to balance, and it cuts time off the time they spend with their family and friends. Extracurricular activities can make students' schoolwork and social life hard to balance because of their focus not being on schoolwork or social life, but on his/her extracurricular activity. Do really want to have no choice but to join an extracurricular activity? And making students have no choice but to do an extracurricular activity can really impact their school life and social life. 