Dear Principal,

I believe that policy 1 is the best policy to enforce about cell phones. This policy will allow us to contact our parents or friends if needed. The use of cell phones in class is wrong but having them during lunch will not cause disruptions. Cell phones can be an annoyance during class but having them when not in class is perfectly acceptable.

Cell phones are disruptive to teachers and other students during class. If a phone goes off while others are trying to learn it interrupts their attention and annoys the teacher. However having cell phones during lunch or free periods would not disrupt any learning because you are not in a classroom. As long as cell phones are turned off and not being used during class time I see no reason why students should not be allowed to have them.

If a student gets sick or needs something having a cell phone with them can let them call home to contact someone. Even though they can call from the office having a cell phone on hand is a quicker and easier way to contact somebody. Also if a student has some kind of after school practice and can't have their phone with them at school then they won't be able to let their parent know if practice is running late or will finish early. Cell phones are necessary for students to have.

Policy 2 states that students can not have phones at school at all. If you choose policy 2 then students will still bring their phones and use them even more. Teenagers do what they are told not to do. If you tell us we can't have our phones that will just make us want to have them more. Policy 2 will just create more cell phone usage at school and more disruptions to the learning environment.

As you can see I believe that policy 1 is the best policy to enforce at this school. It will let students have their phones outside of class and they can have them if they need to contact some one. Even though cell phones are a nuisance to class this policy only lets you have them when you are not in class. Cell phones are necessary for contacting a parent or just for texting a friend. This is why policy 1 is the best policy for our school.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME