The author says that NASA's possible solution would be allowing scientists to float above the fray like how airplanes and jets float above storms. As they say in paragraph 5 "Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landcape." NASA says the it wouldn't be as hot but it would still be 170 degrees Fahrenheit. Its not very easy but humans will still be able to survive.

Personally I think its still dangerous because 170 degrees Fahrenheit is still really hot, the tempature on earth isn't that high. Also the passage says in paragraph 6 "Researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else." The passage says that because if NASA is going to have them floating above the premises they wont be able to conduct experiments because, they won't be able to take anything. Also because if just floating above the premises is 170 degrees Fahrenheit then when you get further down it'll be hotter so that means that if they try to grab a rock it could burn through gloves and possibly leave them with serious burns.

But NASA is working on other approaches because in pargraph 7 the passage says "Some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." The author says in paragraph 8 " Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation."

In paragraph 2

it shows that they have tried numerous times to send little spacecrafts to Venus but they have only been there for a few hours which is dangerous because if a spacecraft only stays there for a few hours imagine how long a human could stay there without over heating or coming back with serious health issues.

The author says in paragraph 2 "Each previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades."But there are numerous factors to why Venus is a challenging planet for humans to study as they explain it in third paragraph.

In pargraph 3 the passage says "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus' atmosphere." Which makes it a whole lot dangerous for humans to travel there to conduct experiments. But thats why they haven't sent anything there since three decades because they wanna make sure no one gets hurt. 