Have you ever asked anyone for advice? If so, did you ask just one person, or ask multiple people about the problem? Many people ask for multiple opinions when they need advice, and this is a very effective and helpful way that will help someone make a better choice.

One of the reasons why asking for multiple opinions is more beneficial is because each individual has a different experience. When you are asking for advice, it is better for you to have a conversation with someone else that had a similar experience as you. For example, my cousin Generic_Name was involved in a conflict with his friends in 4th grade and asked his older brother for advice. However, his brother did not have a similar experience as him, and was not able to give Generic_Name helpful advice. His brother has never been involved in a conflict with his friends. However, if Generic_Name asked not only his brother, but also his teachers, parents, or mentors, there was more likely a chance that one of those people had a similar experience as him. Having similar experiences as Generic_Name will lead to giving him beneficial advice. Not only there is a better chance that you will get better advice, but also you can hear different ideas.

Another reason why you should seek for multiple opinions is because you can hear diverse opinions. Each person has a different perspective, and if you ask multiple people for opinions, you will get different opinions that will lead to having a larger range of options to choose from. A 2019 experiment from the Human Interaction Lab stated that 82% of the people that asked more than one person for help and advice while he was getting bullied were able to make a mature decision and get out of bullying, while only 27% of the people were able to do that. Dr. Bob Ross, head of the Human Interaction Lab said, "Asking for multiple people for opinions helps you form a better individuality... and will help you figure out the best choice." Along with getting to hear diverse ideas, you can also have more positive interactions with others.

You can also have more and better interaction with others when you ask for multiple opinions. While you might argue, "How does asking for opinions help people with social interaction?", a study here proves that there is a correlation between those two. A 2020 study from the Oxford Social Interaction Service stated that asking for help or an opinion makes people interact better. If the person had a similar experience to the person that asked for advice, then he will understand that other person better and create a bond or a connection with that other person. This eventually leads to forming a positive relationship between two individuals. Also, if you have a positive connection with people, you tend to have more positive energy inside you that will make you have more faith in yourself. Ultimately, having trust in yourself leads to making accurate and better choices. Leading to having better social interaction is one of the reasons you have seek for multiple opinions.

Some people might ask only one person for advice because they are 'lazy' and does not see the reason to ask to multiple people. However, if you seek for multiple opinions, then you will meet more people with the similar experience as you, hear more diverse ideas, and have a more positive social interaction. These benefits will ultimately lead to to making better choices when stuck in a problem. If you want to make a better choice, ask many different people for advice!