I believe that all students should not have to participate in extracurricular activities if they dont want to. They should be able to do what they want and not forced to do extra things, now if some students want to participate in some of the activities they can but others should not be forced to. Most students like there free time in school and not forced to do something to make them give up that free time, others may want to do the activities which is fine but others should not be forced to do the activities, and students may not find any of the extracurricular activities fun or interesting so which they may not find fun in doing.

First of all, students like there free time. Should they really give that up for something they dont want to do? If a student has free time in school they would like to enjoy it, not have to spend time doing something they did not want to do most all forced to do. Free time in school for students is like having a day off, they have time to chill and take a breather from work and many other things. If the students free time was taken away do to a extracurricular activate they would be really mad and frustrated students. Why would you want to take that away from the students, it is one of the only things enjoyable for them.

Second of all, some students may want to do that activate but others just dont want to. Now if some students would want to participate in the activities they may but forcing another to do it is not right. the students should have a choice if they want to or if they dont, if they want to they can if not its OK and they cant or should not be forced to. People dont like to be forced to do an extracurricular activities if they are doing just fine.

Finally, what if the students do not find any of the activities fun or enjoyable? Do you really want to make some body do something they dont enjoy or find fun in at all? If they dont find fun in the activity they wont do it and may end up failing the extracurricular activity they were forced to do. So if they cant find fun in it why should they have to do it. Many others may want to do something else that is fun and enjoyable and not forced.

Now if that is not enough to change your mind on having to make them do an activity that they loose free time, that some may want to do but others dont, and finally may not find any fun or interest in, then i dont have any thing else for you then. You should not have to make anyone do anything if they dont want to. after all they are human beings they should be able to do what they want.                                  