When it comes to advice it's always good to have more than one persons opinion. Everyone thinks differently and have different perspectives with different things. Some people may agree with you and others may not which it's always good to see who agrees with you and who doesn't. It can always help you out with what you want to do and what you don't want or shouldn't do.

Many people look at things differently so you're obviously not going to agree on everything with the person. But when it comes to advice it can get difficult on who you should agree with. For example lets say you want to set a goal for yourself like wanting to lose weight. You may think just by not eating any junk food and start eating healthier would solve the problem don't get me wrong it may help, but lets say you're not too sure so you ask a friend for advice. In that case it's good to ask more than one person to see what you want to do which should always be something you think is best for you.

Don't stress about other peoples opinions if they disagree with you and you know that it's something you want to do and look forward on doing go ahead and go for it. You shouldn't do something that doesn't make you happy do something you enjoy, something that make you feel good about yourself because at the end of the day it's not always about what people think if not what you enjoy doing and feel good about.

You basically get the point on what I am trying to say is yes it's good asking for advice but don't be that type of person who ask for advice and never ends up doing it. Yeah I understand if it's something you're not interstead in doing but if it's more than one person who you asked advice for and never end up doing anything. Then what was the whole point on asking for advice if you weren't going to do anything.

Just do something you enjoy and like I said everyone may have agreements and disagreements but do something which you know is the best for you and not something you feel obligated to do if not what makes you feel good about yourself doing.