To many, it is a necessity. To others, its a waste of money. Cars have been a growing industry ever since the Model-T, but over the last few years automobiles may soon start to look like a thing of the past. There have been many efforts to reduce car use because it is better for the enviorment, creates a more social atmosphere, and the best of all it is cheaper.

Could you imagine major streets, cities, and highways almost deserted of those four wheeled gas guzzlers? Well annualy in Bogota, Columbia citizens participate, or for many "celebrate" no car day. Other forms of transportation such as skating, biking, or walking are very common as violaters of no car day face twenty five dollar fines. Many enjoy the holiday like Carlos Plaza, who rode his two-seat bike to work with his wife. It is a day to be socializing with others, not locked up in your vehicle but to get out and enjoy the fresh air before it is all polluted and blown out the exhaust. The day alone has caused a blooming of parks, and restraunts throughout the city. With less drivers out on the road, this day is traffic free and extremely safe as well. This is not only a common trend in Colombia, but is beginning to be seen in the United States as well. Teens have begun using their summer-life to being in carpools or riding the bus to not only get around enviormentally, but to also meet and be with freinds and develop a more social community. This can be seen through carpooling apps and cell phones to arrange other forms of transportation.

Over the years there has been a push to use more eco-friendly cars such as hybrids, or electric cars. But what about not driving a car at all? Many have made this change in Vauban, Germany where residents of this upper-class community have gone motor free, and given up cars. This suburban area alone is a  huge effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, similar to citizens in paris who have lost their driving privledges due to the extreme ammount of smog in their city. By banning odd numbered plates from driving on monday, and even numbered plates from driving on tuesday, pedestrians hopped on trams and bicycles to commute the rest of their day. Each time you firie up your engine, carbon monoxide and other pollutious gas is released into the atmosphere, causing a widening hole in the ozone layer affecting Global Warming. In this two-day restriction, smog was significantly reduced throughout the city.

Many gimmance and frown as they fill up their gas tank, knowing they just spent forty dollars on gasoline, and will be right back at the same pump next week. Money makes the world go around, and spending less on cars, highways and other expenses could brighten anyones day. It is absolutely free to get to work on a bicycle, and New Yorks bike sharing program has significantly jumped inthe last few years as many would rather use manpower than horsepower to travel. Not just bikes but other services are cheaper as well like taking the bus, the few dollars for a bus pass or a train ticket is much less than a new toyota. The infamous no car day in Colombia has influenced money to be spent on wide, and smooth sidewalks for bikers instead of million dollar highways. Due to the recession, many are not buying cars or getting their license simply because they dont have the resources to afford one. Some believe the idea of a personal car is impractical says Bill Ford of Ford Motor Company. Bill believes it is best to use the comercial network of transportation for its lower cost, eco friendly, and a safer enviorment on the road.

Since the beginning of man all forms of transportation have been used, but are cars starting to become a thing of the past? On paper, the idea of not owning personal cars looks great. The enviorment would improve significantly, daily interactions with comuting to work develops a more social enviroment, and is of course cost reductive. So every once in a while don't be afraid to pedal the old Shwinn or hop on the Greyhound, it just might be better than you think.                    