Imagine if the world was overrun by zombies, and you just created a vaccine that could save humanity. Unfortunately, it comes at the price of the lives of your companions. Maybe this vaccine won't save humanity, but change it for the worse. Would you sacrifice your friends for the sake of future generations, or just let the zombies thrive as you and your squad live in peace? Alright, most everyday decisions will not be this burdensome, but it's nice to ask for advice before making one. Seeking multiple opinions of others can help someone make a better choice because that person gets to view other perspectives, they can help find both the positives and the negatives of a specific choice, and it encourages the person that he or she made a good decision.

Having other perspectives on possible consequences can undoubtedly change an outcome, since more than 75% of humans tend to be opinionated when making a decision. For example, let's say that you absolutely despise a band called BTS because their music is in a language you do not understand. A fan of them may go up to you and explain how you don't need to understand what language they speak to know the message they give in their songs. That fan just suggested something you never thought of. Now that you've obtained a new perspective, you then realize that even though you don't understand Korean, their newest title track talks about how they're not afraid to face the pain and and suffering that they will experience. As you can see, ideas may be absurd at first, but they can be meaningful when you go over it.

"There's beauty in everything, but not everyone sees it." This is a quote from Park Jimin. It states that everything has a positive side to it, as well as a negative one, just not everyone can see it all at once. It applies to humans like you and I. Just like how other people can offer their perspectives that you never considered, they can also pass on pros and cons of what that choice will bring. If you were given the chance to travel to a foreign country with all expenses paid for, except the place you're going is known for the amount of criminals and gangs that reside within that area, would you still visit? Instead, you asked your friend who tells you that when they visited that place, their hotel room was broken into, and they had no choice but to cancel the rest of the trip and go back home. Without knowing the negative experience your friend had gone through, you may have put yourself in danger of becoming another victim of a scam!

Like I've stated before, most everyday decisions are not very burdensome, unless you're an over thinker like myself. Maybe you just need reassurance with the final decision you're making. If your old phone broke, you decided that its time to get a new one. You're still unsure about investing in a new phone, so you ask your parents. Since they approved of your choice, as well as give you tips on which one you should buy, you feel confident that you're making a wise decision for yourself.

You don't realize how beneficial it is to work together on something until you experience that teamwork. You can even learn from them too. It can be hard at first, but asking for advice goes a long way. Other people and their opinions can even influence what you become in the future. At least for now, they can help you choose wiser decisions for yourself by providing insight and help for whatever it is you need.