The details that the author is showing through this article are the most interesting thoughts on how we should explore venus more deeply. The main thought on why we should explore venus more is because it could be the next planet we could inhabit and survive on. Venus could open a new curiosity for humans to explore into and expand off of. Venus is one the planets that closely resembles earth in the most importnant type of ways.

Venus is one of the planets that us humans could live on and strive if we just learn better ways of living on it. As the author talks about how this planet is inhospitable mainly because of the temperatures and the atm on the surface of it. The author states " almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets venus". This is one of the challeneges we have to face in order to live on this planet and make this a better planet to live on and make one of the greatest achievements humans have done in a long time.

Planet Venus is one of the planets that could open the door to curiousity and new exploration. Venus is giving us new ideas by giving us a challenge to just even step a foot on it. The author states " Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape". That is one of the many ideas we have came up with just by thinking of getting close to venus and trying to explore it indepthly.

This planet is one of which that closely resembles earth in the most important ways that scientists have ever seen. The planet has the most important features on its surface that closely resembles earth and it is like looking in a more acidic mirror. The author claims that " Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those of earth". This shows that Venus once had the features that earth did but a long time ago. Venus had many thing that closely resembles earth but something happened and now its kinda like a wasteland.

This planet had many features that could call it a twin ton earth but something happen and I don't know but it could be the next earth humans live on. This planet still has many things that we can explore but can't at this time period. Venus could also open new things to have been made towards this travel of this planet. This planet could show a lot of things in time. Only time could tell when we would able to step foot on this planet at least once.