In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author descrides the exploration and study of Venus as a worth while pursute and advancement in the Scientific field. Venus itself being a planet that is untouchable to humans or anything of this world most certainly holds many mysteries that would be amazing if where solved, but, besides that should we be putting any of our hard earned money, limite time, or reasources that could be used else where into the study of some uninhabitable planet. The author "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" never made a clear reason as to why we should care throughout his entire article.

In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author shows a clear, all out passion torwards the study of the molten planet. While having passion is important so is having a valid reason as to why others should care but instead the closest to any sort of valid reason we get is "to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight gained on the planet itself, but also human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors,"(paragraph 8, The Challenege of Exploring Venus). Human curiosity is an amazing thing and it's an outstanding ability that we posses, not to mention some of the worlds greatests discoveries started of as just someone being curious about something but ultimately this exploration is proving to be incredibly expensive and without significant results. We have people dying everyday from things such as deseases or injuries and many of the reasources that are poured into finding out whatis on Venus, if there actually is anything at all, could be use more effectively for a different cause.

In conclusion the author of the given article has done an outstanding job at not showing how this is useful or worth anything all. While, yes, the author gave us a clear description of the troubles they where facing in their task none of these struggle seem to be worth what we are paying to possible find nothing useful. I personally would love to find out what is on Venus but in the long run there much more pressing matters at hand and many areas of our current world that have yet to be discovered. We should be focusing on discovering those areas, animals, bacteria, elements, and so many other wonders we have yet to find on our own world first, before we go looking at the others just for sake of curiosity.