There are many different topics and reasons about becoming a Seagoing Cowboy but i'm not goning to mention them all if I did it would take me an excrutiateingly long time. So in cunclusion I am onley going to mention a few of them such as importance, adventure, and sites.

The importians of the Seagoing Cowboys was an extremley important person to be in that time period for saveing hundreds of thousands of cattle, hoarses and any kind of lifestock that was useful to the people. No matter how stormy it got they always tryed there best to keep on cource and never give up. They worked very hard cleaning stalls, feeding the animals, and giving them waterThey were always honored then and I think we should honor them now as well or better as they did back in the time of world war Two.

Oh and just imagian the adventure they had out on the open sea just having the time of there lives. They probably ran in to some nasty storms just think of the waves probabley huge waves the size of a mountain. In the story Luke almost whent flying off the shp but he got lucky he caught a peice of metal to hold onto. Cuold youjust imagian how much that would scare you, if you would have been swallowed by the hungery ocean. They could have even been flung overboard and eaten by sharks it just gives me the chilles thinking about it.

Oh just thnk of the sites they have seen they have probabley been all around the world. In the story it said that Luke he whent to Venice, Italy, a city with streets of water. That was only one he even whent down the Panama Canal on his way to China! can you imagian dong somthing like that !? It would be spectaculer seeing those kind of sites. He even whent on a tour threw an excuvated castle now that is like the cherry on a sundae don't you agree?

That is why I think past Seabearing Cowboys shoul be honored for there services and not just ignored like they are today. My goal is to get the word out about the Seabearing Cowboys to show there importance to this country. So they arent just forgoten and cast away and not honored.   