Have you struggled and asked someone to help? People often do this to search for the answer or an alternative. Seeking more than one opinion can provide someone with better choices because it gives them a new perspective and can better themselves.

One way multiple opinions helps to get better choices is gaining a new perspective. First, someone with the help of others can find out new and improved ways to solve the problem. A new way to solve can lead to a completely new and beneficial solution. This can result into the right choice to make. Secondly, someone who knows more than you about a subject can reinforce their idea, so the opinion seems better and more reliable. For example, if someone asked an old science professor about the parts of a plant cell, the professor will be able to answer that question confidently and reliably because they've been teaching science for a long time. This proves that getting an professional opinion can help others with their choices. Thirdly, peers could influence perspective and help with better choices. Others often trust a close and helpful friend rather than a random person. Overall, looking at a new perspective can better someone's choices by finding a new solution, getting professional guidance, and gaining the help of fellow peers.

Another way of improving the choices others make is to strengthening themselves by listening to others. People can improve themselves and the choices they make by listening to constructive criticism and feedback. For instance, I asked people to review my project and I was told some feedback. I learned from that experience, improved my abilities and I now make the right choices when I work on projects. Not to mention, people can help make better choices by getting emotional support from others. Someone could be going through a rough time and not making the best choices, but they can search for multiple view points from others. This can result in people helping that person out and leading them to conduct better choices. Lastly, people can help make improved choices by gaining motivation. Motivation from others could help someone keep pushing forward and make correct choices, so that they can improve and learn. In conclusion, getting multiple opinions can improve someones choices by listing to feedback and criticism, getting emotional support, and gaining motivation.

Getting a lot of ideas and opinions can give someone better choices and opportunities because it gives a fresh view point and can improve ones self. People consult other people to find better choices and in doing so, usually benefits the people involved. All in all, an open perspective and improvement in themselves is why gaining multiple opinions helps result in good choices.    