There are many times where you might need to make an important choice, but you don't know what to do; so, you seek advice from individuals you know. Asking for people's opinions when you're unable to make a decision happens often to many people; whether, it's the smallest of things or the biggest. It can be like asking your friend what to wear to the party on Friday or consulting with your teachers and family on which college to attend to. However, it's always preferred that you ask advice from numerous people. Seeking advice from multiple individuals is crucial so you can hear multiple opinions and views about your problem, and it will assist you to making the best choice possible by having reliable opinions and choices.

Asking for different people's advice can help you seek varying solutions and options to help you make a decision. To know all the pros and cons about the choice your making, you'll need to hear a variety of views and opinions from different people, so you can also avoid all bias. When I was picking out my high school electives I didn't know whether to quit French and start learning Arabic or to continue French. At the time, I had to conference with my counselor, discuss it with my parents, and even ask my friends for their opinions. Seeking all those differing opinions helped me consider all possible choices and outcomes. In the end, after I had asked everyone for advice I agreed with most of them that I should't quit learning French, as most said that I should do the class that I liked best and that was French class. In conclusion it's smarter to seek multiple opinions in order to know all the possible choices you can make and the consequences of them.

Another reason why you should seek different opinions is so you can pick the best advice by having multiple sources and people's views to rely on. Sometimes listening to only one person might not be as beneficial for many reasons; they might of had never experienced with the situation you're dealing with, they may be uninformed, and of course they can be biased. For example, asking your fellow friend for advice for a class project even though they're not the most attentive in class nor are they amazing with projects might not be the safest of ideas. However, if you were to ask your teacher and a other fellow classmates you can hear their advice for how to improve your project for class and have reliable opinions. In the end, you should ask numerous people for their advice, so you can pick the most logical choice.

Overall It's beneficial to ask for multiple individuals for their advice for a problem instead of just one person, since you can take in all possible choices and options and know their consequences, and so you can obtain numerous reliable opinions to make the perfect choice for your problem. Asking different people for advice can help you hear about a variety of information; and you can even come across new ideas that you never thought about. You can also ensure that you can hear from different sources and hear the most accurate of advice to make the best choice possible. To sum it up the next time when asking for advice for a personal issue or a choice you have to make, try asking different people and see what they have to say about it.