I strongly agree with cell phones being banned while driving. I can honestly say that I have been the car with people who has almost run in to someone's back on numerous occasions because they was focused on texting on their phone. I think driving while using cell phones should be banned because of the many car accidents they are causing, it is causing ones insurance to rise, and it is causing concerns to people health issues. The question is people more concerned more with their phone more than they are with their safety or safety of others

Although cell phones have not been around for a very long time, they have become a key part of our lives. People use their cell phones for just about everything. Unfortunately, people are also choosing the wrong time to be using their cell phones while they are driving. People are willing to risk our personal safety as well as the safety of others because we can't put down our cell phones. While the cell phone has many positive attributes like keeping people in touch, the cell phone becomes very dangerous when a person decides to drive and use it. Many States has passed laws that stops texting and driving such as Georgia hands free law. When driving, sometimes it is difficult to focus on the road which makes it easy to forget that the roads are shared by everyone and not for your own use.

Studies have proved that drivers who use cell phones while driving are more prone to cause accidents. Driving while using a cell phone to drunk driving, in both cases, a person does not have enough focus and mentally to carry out a dangerous activity like driving. Banning cell phone while driving will keep a safe distance from accidents. One cannot focus fully on the road and the other vehicles, if one keeps talking on phone consistently while driving or keeps looking down at their phone.

People whose work depends on a cell phone like lawyers or businessmen say that they always have to be available to answer the phone to keep their business running. However, because of their habits, they can create dangerous and hazardous situations like an accident. Business issues can be stressful and dangerous while driving because it can cause emotional reactions that can lead to tragedy. Because of the conversation they might get upset and this can lower their driving ability that can lead to lose control over the car. So if people don't make a decision to put away their cell phones their routine can harm innocent people.

Concluding if cell phones gets banned everywhere while driving it will decrease the accident and death rate of using a cell phone while driving.   