Driverless cars should not be made, because so many things could go wrong with the vehicle and then who would get the blame for the problem the company or the person in the car? Honestly its such a big deal nowadays to have automatic, robotic stuff but really their is no reason for America too have all these robotic things doing stuff for us. I mean yes they are all really cool and such but they also can be very dangerous and can malfunction very frequently and eventually someone is gonna get seriously injured. But this is a bigger deal because we are talking about driverless cars. I mean how can you possibly make a driverless car safe? Because their are so many stupid people out driving wreckessly and if someone gets injured while someone is in the driverless car then who's fault would it be, the company's? The person in the car? That is the big question because i doubt the company is gonna want to take responsibility for what happened if their was a wreck. All these companies are building all these new robotic things and it isn't safe at all. Their is a kid that had a drone and the drone malfunctioned and it shot up in the air and almost hit a helicopter but luckily the pilot turned away in time now that incident could have costed a life and now you want too make driverless cars. Their are more people who drive and you think that would be safe?

Well with all this stuff going on in the world why would we need driverless cars that should be the last thing we worry about i mean we are spending millions of dollars on these new things but we still have world hunger and we have homeless people in the world still but we choose to make a car that is driverless just because we are too lazy too drive ourselves. Plus why dont we use the money that we have too pay off debt or get homes for the homeless and food so we dont have people starving. Their are so many things we could be doing with this money but we choose too use them for stupid things like cars, drones, robots, etc. Their are wars that are going on why cant we use some of the money too help end the wars so people can see their husbands and wives, and sons, and daughters. But apparently all that matters right now is cool toys right? See we make these things that are cool for now but eventually we will all forget about them and begin building something else. But the thing we really need too be fixing is getting people jobs, and food, polution problems all that kind of stuff. So we can make the world a better place instead of just letting forgetting about all those things why dont we push towards fixing them. Plus the article even says that the cars arent completely driverless so whats the point of calling it driverless and wasting all that money on something that really isnt completely driverless. So now you are going too put more money into it and keep puting more and more and more until finally you figure out how too make the vehicle completely driverless, but until then you have too keep putting all this money into it when you could use that too make more jobs and get food for people who are needy and give them shelter and warmth. But no I think driverless cars should not be made unless its for a specific reason that will help the world but otherwise I dont think they should be made for just anyone cause that is extremely dangerous and could cause even more accidents. And it could cause deaths and destruction.