When asking for advice people want real opinions or information. So most people try to ask the person most skilled in what they want advice for. For example if you want advice for biking most people will not ask their math teacher. People want the best information they can get. So here are some reasons why asking several people for advice could be helpful and allow you to get better information.

One reason why its a good idea to ask several people for advice is because one persons opinion can be bias compared to several people who can give different and new opinions. When you ask someone if for advice for getting a dog someone could say it the best thing that ever happened to me. But if you ask a different person they could say my dog ruined my life. And if you had never asked another person you could have bought a dog without knowing the risks as opposed to just knowing some positives. This situation could be applied to most situations when asking for advice. And to get the least bias information you can ask as many people as you want. This is one reason why you should ask several people for advice.

Another reason to ask several people for advice is more detailed and overall better advice. If you are doing a school project on your family you will most likely ask your family for information of your families traditions and other information because you want your paper to be as detailed as it can be. So asking more that one family member could and will almost always give you more and better information. Because if you had asked one person unless your family if famous there will almost certainly not be a whole ton of information on your family on the internet. So you will probably not have a very detailed paper to turn in. This is just one more reason why asking several people for advice is helpful.

The last reason I will be talking about is different peoples views and different experiences that you will get when asking for advice for something. If you are a news reporter and you are reporting at a crime scene you should ask as many people as you can for information to get the most detailed information possible. If you ask one witness their story could be completely different from someone else who has a different story. You can also ask the police and many other people. People want different views on news so it can be as correct as possible. So when asking for advice for what happened or anything remember different people have completely different views and experiences with what it is you want advice for. This is the last thing I will be talking about but there are many reasons to ask several people for advice.

In conclusion asking several people for advice is a great idea. Because one persons opinion cold be completely bias on something. And because when asking several people for advice you will get more detailed and overall better information. Lastly you can get more than one view when asking for advice which could change an entire story. So these are some of the reason why you should ask several people for advice when asking for advice.              