For a better student performance and development, I think teachers should design summer projects, to assure we still learning while we are out of school. Teachers always have clear objectives and they know everything that might support our learning process. I think that teachers have also the biggest background knowledge that we will need, I mention that because teachers always will be there to support us in whatever we need and to see our performance as a students. An adult person always would see things different than us, In this case teachers are the best persons that will evaluate what we have, or what we have to work on because of the knowledge that they have already mastered.

Teachers always have clear objectives an they also know on which part of our school development we are on, and what else do we need to success. It seems like projects are not necessary, but for sure they are; because the knowledge that we acquire from those projects is not only helping us just while we are at school, if not that it is the key to success. However, teachers knows what we need to work on, and we just pick whatever is faster and easier to make without taking care of the knowledge that we are not acquiring, just because we want to spent time watching our cell phones playing video games or simply doing something non-related to the school.

I feel that teachers have the biggest knowledge and experience than anybody because of their journey. And a clear example of experienced people is Mrs. Generic_Name, my English teacher is a woman full of experience, that is why I respect her so much and also try to do everything well as she do. She have something special that motivates me to put my best effort on learn everything I do day by day, because I know that experienced people always tells everyone the right and if they ask someone to do not do something is because it already happened to him/her and they know the consequences of doing that.

Sometimes when a teacher or just someone else told us that something is wrong in our work, being honest before we analyze and find our mistake we get mad at them, but all that they want is to let us know where do we need to keep on practicing to success. Having a teacher design projects would be better to review what we need and not what we want, and then when someone revises our work have all the requirements that they asked for instead of we making our own project without requirements and when someone revise this we are just going to invent thousands of excuses about why did not made it well.

I believe that having a teacher design projects is a better option for us to continue learning because we all still learning day by day, but we have to place on practice what we already know until we mastered that. Since having our owns projects would not help us to grown as a student, and in case of having our owns student design projects we have to mature and think about our futures we all are not going to live the whole life with our parents, we have to stop for a second and ask ourselves

"what do i want to be in the future?" we have to put our best effort everywhere and try to stand out and be someone.          