How can students benefit from taking online classes? I believe that taking online classes or video conferencing with a teacher is more benefiting than taking classes at school. Teachers at school need to teach a whole class instead of just one student, because of this, online classes are a more of a one-on-one way of teaching. A one on one way of teaching helps the student focus only on the subject and the teacher, this can improve a student's skills. Students would definelty benefit from taking online classes instead of physical classes.

Taking classes from home is much more efficient than taking classes at a school. Online classes are much faster than classes taken at school, students can start with online classes anytime of the day, while classes taken at school would make students have to wake up early and and drive all the way to school. But with online classes students are able to quickly go on the computer and start learning. Students benefit from this because they are able to move with the lesson at their own pace. The more the student knows about a subject, the faster they are able to master with the lesson and move on with their day. As a student I know that sometimes classes taken at school can move a little slow and I know that other students feel the same way. Classes taken online helps student who feel like they are going slow in school by making them move on their own pace.

Stress can have a major effect on a students' mentality. The more stress a student builds the harder it is for them to be able to focus, taking online classes could help students with stress levels. For example, students find it hard to wake up early and go to school for seven hours a day but online classes provides aid with that. I know that waking up early is a could get repetitive, online classes usually don't require you to wake up early and start learning. Something as simple as getting the sleep you need could positively have an effect on students' stress levels. This allows online students to be able to focus on the teacher and the lesson.

Taking online classes helps students focus more on college. The time spent on online classes is significantly smaller than time spent on school. Students taking online classes are able to focus more on college applications or entrance exams. If student are able to focus more on college then it allows them be able to figure out what major they want to take and what university they want to attend. Seniors or juniors in school might find this a much better option because students are able to focus more on college instead of school work and homework.

On the other hand, building a connection with a teacher helps with teacher recommendations for college. But online classes can improve a students writing and communication skills. Having a one-on-one conversation with a video conference teacher can improve a students skills by just having a teacher to ask questions to. Going to classes at a school can also help student with such skills. But online classes can bring out the best in a student due to the one-on-one conversations.

Students would definelty benefit from taking online classes instead of physical classes. Online classes is not for everyone but I believe that taking them can benefit the student in many ways. Students can benefit from online classes by reducing stress levels, being able to become more efficient with school work, and being able to focus more on college. In my conclusion taking online classes or video chatting with a teacher is much better than going to school. This is why I conclude that students can improve their skills from taking online classes.