The natural landform on mars which is called Face, is most definetely natural and with facts it can easily be proven. Such as the original picture that saw the face was all the way back in 1976. Also the camera was so old the pixels it produced we 43 meters per pixel according to paragraph 10 of "Unmasking the Face on Mars. One more thing that proves that it was just a landform is that if it was an alien artifact, NASA would most definetly have got a good picture on the cloudless day in 2001.

First off, the technology back in 1976 may have been good for the time, but that technology didn't even compare to the picture in 2001. When you look at the difference in the pictures, you can easily tell the 1976 camera was simply not a good camera and simply couldn't take very good pictures. This was most likely why it looked like a face in the first place because the camera did not get a good picture; which in turn made it not look like what it actually was; a natural landform.

Some people might argue the fact that the picture was clear enough to tell it was a face, but that is simply not true. Think about trying to take a picture of something big, but your camera only gets 43 meters per single pixel. It would look like a bunch of colors blurring together. That is what happened with the 1976 picture from the Mars Global Surveyor. The colors blurred together causing the picture to look like a face. Also the human mind has an instinct to distinguish faces from pictures and in our daily life. That instinct is another big reason why people think it looks like a face, even though it is just a natural landform comparable to a mesa.

Lastly, and the best reason, is if there really was aliens, NASA would definetly have got a good photo in 2001. In "Unmasking the Face on Mars" in paragraph 11 it states " So if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" This proves that nothing was close to it and there was no sign of transport or living quarters. More than likely if something had built a statue there, there would be some type of housing or transport nearby.

In conclusion, there is no 100 percent proof for either side,but evidence leans strongly towards that it is a natural landform. This is why you should also belive that it is not really a face, but you should believe it is a natural landform. There is much more evidence and basic scientific proof that is a landform, and was not created by aliens.