Dear Principal,

I think you should consider allowing students to bring phone's to school and let them use them during lunch period's and other free times, just as long as the phones are turned off during class time. I think this because, wonder if it was an emergency? They're parents try calling the office but the secretary doesn't answer, so they text the child but the teacher's don't let them answer it or else the cell will be confiscated. But the parent need's to get a hold of them! What do they do? By not answering the parent could be risking something very big.

Also, if the kid wants to use they're cell phone to show his/her friend a really cool recording of his best friends band! Or if they want to call they're father that they never see or get to talk to, but school time is the only time he isn't at work so he can answer. What's the problem with that? There is no harm done whatsoever! Or, maybe they just want to take a picture of his friends to put on 'face book' or one of those shindig websites. I don't see what the problem is as long as it isn't done during class time. When the students walk into class, teacher's should check if the cell phone is off, just to prove that the kid isn't texting or playing games on his/her phone during the time that they are supposed to be learning.

I honestly don't understand what the problem is with having cell phones during lunch and free periods! I just don't get it! It's not like they could kill somebody with they're cell phone or create any harm. I understand how they aren't allowed to be on during class time, that's understandable. But not the fact that they cant have it on while they are not in class. In lunch time and other free periods, they aren't learning ,kids are usually hanging out with they're friends. There is no problem with using they're cell's while with friend's.

I think you should take this letter into consideration and consider allowing cell phone's to be used during lunch and free period's, but not during class.

Thank you,

Student of Your School