"All students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity this school year. Whether it's a sport, like football or cheer leading, Or a club such as theater, you must choose at least one activity to be in." Said Principal Generic_Name as he spoke loudly into the school's mic. A handful of students in Mrs. Generic_Name's 7th grade homeroom groaned and complained from hearing the announcement made over the intercom.

One reason I believe that students should be able to decide if they want to do extracurricular activities is because, students might already be doing another sport or club outside of school. For example, he or she could be on a travel basketball team or cooking club and have practice everyday after school, so they do not have enough time to participate in any extracurricular activities that the school is forcing them to do. "I already play on a travel basketball team and have practice everyday for 2 hours, i'm way too busy for this!" Generic_Name shouted grumpily.

Another very important reason students should not be forced to do an extracurricular activity is because, he or she might be involved with a religion that requires them to go to church frequently. For instance, one student might have bible study on Wednesday nights. Another student might have to go to church every Sunday and won't have time to join a club. "I have to go to church a lot because of my religion," said Generic_Name adding on to Generic_Name's comment.

The next reason is, some students might not have have enough money to buy or rent the sports gear they need. He or she might not be able to afford the proper items you need for a club or sport. They might be embarrassed because they cannot afford what the rest of the students can. The other students might make fun of them for not having what they have. Generic_Name walked up quietly to the teacher's desk to tell Mrs. Generic_Name something. "I don't think I can afford to buy what the other students can buy." Whispered Generic_Name. "Do you need to go to the counselors office?" Mrs. Generic_Name asked. "Sure" Said Generic_Name. Mrs. Generic_Name quickly wrote him a pass and sent Generic_Name on his way.

Finally, another reason I disagree with this decision is because some students might be trying to focus on their grades or keep them up. Whether it's so they can get good final results on he or she's report card, or wanting to impress and make their parents happy, getting good grades is a great thing to focus on. "Mrs. Generic_Name, I want to be able to focus on my grades so they can be high." Generic_Name said in his unusual, nerdy voice. "To be honest, i'm just not interested in doing any activities." Generic_Name complained. "I might as well send all of you down to the counselors office at this point!" Mrs. Generic_Name said as she was laughing. She quickly scribbled all 4 kids a pass just as she did for Generic_Name.

"Good Morning students, welcome back to another day of school." Principal Generic_Name exclaimed into the mic. "Yesterday as you know, I told all of you that you had to do at least on extracurricular activity, but since we got so many complaints about it, I have decided to give you a choice. You can choose whether or no you want to do an extracurricular activity." Principal Generic_Name said. All of the students who complained jumped out of their seats and shouted with joy. "Phew!" They all sighed. "So much stress is lifted off of our shoulders!" The kids said excitedly.                  