Did you know that car ownership is the number one cause of death in the united states? I hope you don't, because that isn't true. However, there still are some benifits to letting go of the wheel. Eveyone knows how much damage cars can do and have done with the energy they release into the Ozone, but it's not a lost cause. Research shows that if we all stopped using auto-mobiles, then overtime the Ozone layer could vastly improve. True, not all the damage can be reversed, but a lot is better than nothing.

Also, the number of car usage per person in the united states is drastically dropping already, so you might as well get ahead instead of getting behind. The number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005, and began to steadily decline thereafter. As of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was almost 9% below what the country was in January of 1995. These statistics are still moving further down their respective directions to this day, so it would be wise to be prepared.

Traffic acidents are one of the biggest causes of death in America, and how can we fix that? Well, no traffic would be a nice start. I mean, this one is just common sense. You can't be in a car crash without cars. If we completley got rid of car travel, THOUSANDS of lives would be preserved annually. It's a simple solution to a major problem, and just maybe could be the biggest advantage of limiting auto-mobile usage not just in the United States of America, but all across the globe.

Cars and other auto-mobiles have become an established part of our culture, and have been for generations, but just because something has been established for a while, that does not mean it is going to need to stay forever. Several places have aleady began car-usage limitation, most notably Vauban, Germany. I feel there are several benifits to it, some that are life saving, so I see no harm in at least giving it a chance in certain areas.                                                            