Dear Mr. Principal,

I have thought about your idea of not letting students participate in sports or other activities. I am against this idea for these reasons: One, some students might not have the ability to get a "B" in a certain classes that they are not strong in. Two just because someone doesn't have the right grades, It doesn't mean that they should be taken out of the sports or activities they do. Lastly the students might be extremely good at a sport or passionate about the activity to do. Taking it away from them can lower their success in that field in the future.

I think it is unfair for students not being able to participate in activities if they do not maintain a "B" average. I think you should lower it to a "C". A student might be strong in a class like reading, but not good in math. If you take that student out for only grade in a class, then its unfair. Not all people are the same. Everyone has different abilities and fortes. You should keep it at a "C" average instead of "B".

Just because a child doesn't have a good grade in their class doesn't mean you should take them out of the activities and sports they do. Students need their activities and sports for different reasons. Some people use their activity or sports to vent out stress and anger.

They use it to release their feelings and not to keep things bottled up on the inside. If you take their activities away from them, then you'll see many un happy and angry students wandering the halls and skipping classes. Students need their own "escape". Something that can keep their minds off of things. Something that will keep them away from drugs, gangs and violence. I know that students that will not be able to maintain that "B" average will resort to activities like these.

Taking away a students activities, because of grades is like a double sided knife. It could: A. help them focus on their grades and become more successful. Or B. lower their success for that field in the future. Even though It's important to maintain good grades, I also believe more strongly in people doing what they are passionate about in the future. Cutting them off from their activities won't hinder them from pursuing the jobs that they are passionate about. Some kids want to become famous in acting, art, or sports. Kicking children out of these activities and making them focus more on academics could break their dreams of becoming what they want to be.

So, before you make up your decision about chancing the policy from maintaining a "C" average to "B" average, Please review my letter and take the time to think about how this could affect the students future. Take my letter into consideration. Thank you!

Sincerely,

a concerned student      