The thought of taking classes from home doesn't sound as pleasing one would think, here's why. Taking classes from home can cause more problems than solutions. Learning from home puts more stress on the students by relying on them to stay focused with no help. In my opinion, I believe students can't benefit as much from taking classes from home due to lack of focus, little peer help, and barely any teacher overview.

People tend to get sidetracked easily when taking classes from their home. There are more variables at home that cause distractions to the students. For example, a student is trying to understand the lesson, but his little sibling won't stop bothering him causing him to be off-topic. Furthermore, students are more likely to be focused in class due to being in a true learning environment rather than being in the comfort of their home. Being in class allows the students to put their thoughts solely on their work. These positives of being in class are gone when students decide to learn from home.

Peer help is limited when learning from home. In some cases, listening to a peer has proved to be more helpful than constantly listening to a lecture from the teacher. The sound of a new voice explaining the matter can really be beneficial. At home, it's just the teacher in the video explaining the lesson and the student trying its best to understand. If it comes to a student being completely lost, a classmate is usually there to get them on back on track. Also, group work with peers is another way that benefits learning; however, that ability is hindered when learning at home due to the work being placed on just one student.

Teacher overview is missed when learning at home. The presence of the teacher teaching connects to the students more instead of hearing or seeing a lecture online. Moreover, being face to face with a teacher trying to teach a student is more beneficiary than just looking online. When the teacher asks students if they need any help, it causes the students to be more comfortable, which leads to better learning. Also, if a student starts developing that connection with a teacher, the fear of letting that teacher down can prevent grades from slipping.

The negatives of taking a class from home outweighs any positives. There are certain elements that are missing when learning from home, but are present from working in school. Plus, there are variables that can cause more distractions at home than at school. In my belief, online schooling is not as much of a benefit.