I stand behind the development of driveless cars. I think they could be a great improvement to transportation and commute.

As Google cofounder Sergey Brin envisions in the article, there could be a public transportation system composed of driveless taxis that I think would be greatly beneficial as transportation. They would conserve fuel, which is good for the environment, and offer more flexibility for people who need to commute. Plus, if this system is made true as a public transportation system, it might reduce spending for people who use it and normally might spend more paying for fuel for their car, and/or car maintenance. People spend a lot on making sure their cars are working fine; with driveless taxis as a mode of transportation, you wouldn't have to worry about mechanic and/or fuel costs. A driveless taxi system could be dependable enought that you wouldn't even have to learn to drive or get a car, which could save you not only the cost of a car, but also time.

Driveless cars could also reduce accidents. Currently, they're only programmed mainly to assist, and do basic driving, letting a human cut in when there are road or traffic issues and accidents. But, if one day, driveless cars were to be the main mode of transportation, and there were enough of them in circulation within an area, they could reduce accidents in that area with their smart-driving programming. Just assisting, as they mainly do now, is still a great improvement

- they're programmed to drive safely and smartly, and likely would not be the cause or part of an accident. Current traffic laws assume that the only safe cars have human drivers, but I think driveless cars could be entrusted with keeping safety standards for these reasons. After all, it's humans that cause accidents - I don't think driveless cars could be programmed to be so reckless.

Driveless cars are a great innovation. They would be useful and beneficial to so many people, and could reduce many risks that are issues with human driving today.   