Introduction

As we all know today, the majority of humans own and operate cell phones on a daily basis.

I will explain if drivers should or should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

Primarily, I believe that drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle but then there are always extenuating circumstances and we will cover both why I believe that drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle and the extenuating circumstances that may arise.

For instance, let us look at my home State of Georgia.

According to the Department of Driver Services, "Drives are allowed to use hands free devices (specific ones) and voice to text with hands free devices and allowed to use permanent mounted GPS, Drivers are allowed to make emergency calls and report hazardous road conditions" (Source:

dds. georgia. gov).

Further according to DDS Commissioner, Spencer R. Moore, "Georgia law currently prohibits all drivers, regardless of age, from using a wireless telecommunications devise to engage in writing, sending, or reading any text-based communication.

Teen drivers under the age of 18 who possess either a learner's permit or a provisional license are prohibited from using a wireless telecommunications device for any reason, including voice communication, except in cases of emergency or if the care was lawfully parked" (p. 1)

These laws were enacted because distracted drivers claim lives and injuries.

I am an 18-year old driver and I have the mindset of an 18-year old so speaking for myself, I do not use a cell phone in any capacity while driving not even my navigation system.

Similarly to adjusting my mirrors and my car seat, I set up my navigation device prior to starting the ignition.

To me, personally, it is far more important to me to arrive alive and to not harm others than to have the conveniences of a cell phone while driving.

Conclusion

In conclusion, primarily, I believe that drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle but then there are always extenuating circumstances and I have covered both why I believe that drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle and the extenuating circumstances that may arise.

References

Source:

(www. dds. georgia. gov)

Moore, Spencer, (2017).

Georgia Department of Driver Services (DDS) Commissioner Spencer R Moore addresses State Distracted Driving Study, Georgia, p. 1.

Cell Phone Usage While Driving

3 | Page         