I agree that we should have to be involved in an extracurricular activity because we need to take a break from school, get involved and try new things, and so we can meet new people and develop social skills. When we are involved in something more than just school and we can develop good relationships. We also just need time just to step aside from school and do something we enjoy.

First Reason why I agree that we should be required to do and extracurricular activity, is that sometimes we need a break from school and having to do work. I know that some extracurricular activities involve school, but it's not like you're doing worksheets for an actual class. I believe that we should have an outlet. An outlet is something that helps you calm down and relax. We should have an outlet that we choose, it should be something fun, something that we like to do, and something that we won't get to stressed about. When I'm doing my extracurricular activity I feel so relieved and stress free, because I don't have to worry about any grades or school work, I can just focus on something that I like and enjoy doing. Everyone needs to have that feeling, that outlet.

The next reason why I agree is because we need to get involved in something and try something new. What I mean by getting involved in an extracurricular activity, is get involved because you what to do it, not because maybe your friends are doing it or your parents want you to do a certain sport, do it because it involves your interest and what you want to do. If you are not sure what your interest are, then try something new that sounds appealing to you. They're a lot of extracurricular activities out there that you may like. Maybe you think that a sport is right for you, and that's all you do, but you might not know that your a really good artist, because you haven't tried it so you wouldn't know.

My last reason why I agree is that you can meet new people and develop social skills. I think meeting new people is important because you need to have some people that you can count on and that can help you through something. You never know when you could meet your best friend for life. Also if you try something new and you meet new people, you develop social skills. Examples of developing social skills are like how you go up to someone and introduce yourself, or how to include someone in your conversations.

Taking a break from school, getting involved and trying new things, and meeting new people are the reasons why I agree with having every student be involved in an extracurricular activity. When you have something else than just school, you look forward to that one thing that you like doing, with new people and friends, and something that you really enjoy. That's why I think you should Agree with all students should be required to do an extracurricular activity. Don't you agree?           