Driverless cars have many advantages and disadvantages. A few advantages are easier transportation for older people, handicapped and mentally challanged, also there will less accidents once the cars are completely driverless. Some disadvantages are how expensive the cars are with all the new technology and mechanics all around will have to learn an entirely new method of fixing cars.

The transportation of older people, the handicapped and mentally challanged will be one of the greatest triumphs. Once a person gets old, their senses deteriorate causing them to drive slower and possibly cause accidents. With the handicapped it will give them the feeling of driving again, more so with people who have lost their ability to walk and can not transport themselves. Finally, with the mentally challanged, they will experiance driving themselves without causing danger to other people and will not have to completely rely on their parents or care taker to tote them around everywhere. With the driverless cars, the new technology will make it safer for these types of people to get around and still have others around be safe as well.

On the other side of the spectrum though, there are many disadvantages to having driverless cars. One being, the cars will be very expensive, they have so much new technology that goes into them and so many safety features. The price will set many back from trying to buy one and what would be the use if only the people who did not need them, had them? Next, many mechanics will have to learn a brand new method of fixing driverless cars, more so all the types of sensors and trackers. The learning process can take many months to someone who needs it fixed right now and will set many other from trying to be a mechanic.

To end off with, there will be fewer accidents once driverless cars are all around. The sensors will take away the need for the driver to stopgo and yeild to tother vehicles and pedestrians. This will be a big leap from how many accidents we have each year and revent untimely deaths. This is also big for people who text and drive or drink and drive. The risk for drinkers and texters is greatly reduced if not prevented from driverless cars.

Finally, the driverless cars has multiple advantages as well as multiple disadvantages. many advantages are old people, hanicapped, and mentally challanged have a way to get around and fewer accidents. The disadvantages are the cars will be very expensive and all the mecahnics learning a brand new way to fix a car.