Distance learning, taking online classes from home, is becoming more popular in this new generation of technological advancements. Using online classes, video conferences, and online resources, schools are officially starting to offer distance learning to their students. However, students do not benefit from distance learning because it provides less help and makes school more difficult, lessens kids' social interactions, and is harder to accomplish due to distractions in one's home.

Distance learning does not benefit students in school because it provides less help from teachers and instructors. When students learn new material or are struggling at home, they have no one-on-one help from teachers. Not only does the lack of hands-on support make classes harder, but it also causes confusion and questions from children that never get answered. The situation negatively affects kids because a understanding of their classes sets them up for worse grades and makes future classes more difficult. Also, another negative aspect of distance learning is that students do not receive a personalized learning environment. When studying online, teachers have a worse understanding of how specific students learn. For example, some kids learn more efficiently with lectures, drawings and pictures, or videos. However, through online classes these distinctions are not possible and all students learn from the same videos or conferences. Finally, an important aspect of school is the atmosphere. Learning with other students and teachers, sharing ideas, and working together to advance one's understanding is a very important part of going to school. However, a consequence of distance learning is that you are not able to partake in these groups and classes, which results in the loss of this valuable experience.

Taking online classes and not physically going to school provides kids with less social interactions and relationships while also taking away important social life lessons. When students do not go to school they are unable to spend time with other children and adults, ultimately resulting in less friendships and personal connections with teachers or other adults. The loss of friendships and potential mentors in one's life is very detrimental to their future, as these relationships can help one grow and become a better student and person. Another important aspect of school that distance learning strips from students is group projects and assignments. When working in a group, one creates friendships and important life lessons about how to work with others to accomplish a task. However, during online classes students lose the opportunity to develop these group skills. Finally, not developing these friendships and connections in early life leads to the lack of proper social skills later in life. Not being consistently exposed to other kids and adults may lead to isolation and less relationships in the future.

Distance learning is not beneficial to all students because some home lives are unstable and distracting and others do not have access resources necessary for online schooling. Some students have very chaotic and hard lives at home, which may include family or economic problems. These unstable conditions in a household make it very hard to study and take classes in this atmosphere, which is a major downside of distance learning. Also, in these conditions you are not provided with the the guidance and discipline from teachers like in school which makes homework and classes much more difficult. Another large setback is that there are many students who are unable to pay for or provide the resources necessary for distance learning. Not every family is able to consistently access internet or have laptop computers or cameras needed for video conferences and online classes.

Technology is very useful and can positively impact student's learning during school, however, distance learning, attending classes from home, is not beneficial to students. It leads to the lack of personal help and guidance from teachers, the negative impact on children's social skills and relationships, and because it is not available for all students. 