In today's society, when people are asked if they would give up their cars, they would be shocked. No would be the most common answer. However, the advantages of limiting car usage are great. General stress decreases, and polution to the environment also decreases. People are not only helping themselves, but also helping the ecosystem.

Stress. Everyone has it; but what if it could be decreased just by using personal transportation less? In Germany, there are certain communities that ban car usage. No cars are allowed inside the city. Street parking, driveways, and home garages have become obsolete. One citizen of one of the towns said, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" (

In German Suburbs

). The anxiety one gets when driving a car is almost unreal. Most kids 16 and up now just do not get their licenses just because the thought of driving scares them. Citizens of cities that have just one day where cares are prohibited, such as Bogota, Colombia, love that singular day out of the year. Most say its a good opportunity to increase mental health (

Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota)

. Stress not only is awful for mental health, but also physical. 75% of those who have high levels of anxiety, or are exposed to it, are tired all the time, often feel weak, or sometimes may even cause heart issues. The number one reason people have stress is by driving. So using cars less is the best way to decrease stress, and promote good mental health.

Most people that read or watch the news know that the environment is hurt, and that the human population is at fault. How? Excess usage of motor vehicles. As stated in

In German suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

, passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe, and up to 50% in some car-intensive areas in the United States. These statistics are horrible. Paris, France enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city after days of near-recorcd pollution rates (

Paris bans driving due to smog

) Not only was nature being hurt, but the population of France. Breathing in smog is unnatural. Thehuman body can not take that many polutants, and so it tries to fix itself. In doing this, lung cancer rates rise, pnumonia rates rise, diseases in general become more abundant. Paris took action. When enforcing the driving ban, congestion was down 60% in just five days. The only partial solution to this rising amount of smog is to decrease driving rates, and to use deisel gas less. I hate this test so much why am I even writing this I feel like a robot just going through the motions and its your fault. I blame you.

Rome was not built in a day, so getting state legislatiors or even government officials to agree on a partial driving rule may take a while. However, citizens can spread the word of the evils of driving. You, dear reader, can fix this problem. Try carpooling to work, riding your bike to places near you instead of driving. Do what you can to reduce polution and stress. Influence your friends and family to do the same. Together, we can rase awareness of the evils of driving. Together, we can rule the world.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    