Classrooms in this time period are filled with high-tech computers and new innovations that are useful to teachers and students. It seems like every month something new is added to classrooms that can help stimulate learning. Some of these new inventions are something that no one would of ever imagined. That's what makes them so appealing and why people grab them off shelves the first chance they can. This technology, you can't quite grab off the shelves, but it is something that is worth installing. This new software, Facial Action Coding System(FACS), relys on facial muscles to identify what emotions someone is feeling. One can only imagine all the different possibilities someone could have with this software, but a major possibility is installing it in classrooms. This technology would be useful to have in classrooms because it can advance learning, prevent bullying, and help identify mental disorders.

There are countless times, when one starts to daze and daydream instead of paying attention in the classroom. Daydreaming is just so much better then having a teacher talk about spectator ions and how iconic compounds can be net or not.

However, this new technology,FACS, could be very useful in the classroom for this reason. The reason being is that it can advance learning like we never would of thought. This computer would have the ability to stimulate lessons that would keep kids enterained and focused. In turn, they would be more likely to learn more and retain the knowledge. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored"(D'Alto). If this computer sensed that the child was becoming unfocused, it could do something about it, unlike teachers who sometimes don't always catch when a student is falling asleep or daydreaming. However, this computer would know and it could fix the issue right away so the child would be learning throughout the day. Since the computer keeps the child focused and learning for a longer amount of time, the child would have the ability to become more intelligent because it would be spending more time learning. This could lead to all different sorts of opportunities for the child, like special education programs, scholarships, etc.

Bullying is a serious issue. It can sometimes be hard to spot and to solve, and no matter how hard people try, it never goes away. It's always there in the hallways of some schools, lurking over some and haunting them. Yet, what if there was a way to reduce bullying in a big way? Well, now there is with the help the FACS. FACS could reduce bullying because it would be able to identify if, for an extended period of time, a child was feeling sad and/or scared. Then a teacher would know something is up. "By weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions..."(D'Alto). Since this software can recognize mixed emtions, it would be able to tell if a child was showing the side effects of being bullied. By recognizing that if a child is being bullied, would help the child because they could talk to an adult and hopefully the problem would be solved. Also, if bullies knew that this software was in schools, then they would be less likely to bully because there would be a greater likeliness of them being caught. Overall, lower levels of bullying would result in higher self-esteem and confidence which then can be reflected in acedemics.

Everyday kids walk through the halls of school and feel like they are totally alone in how they feel. They feel like they will have to live the rest of their lives feeling the way they do, and they become hopeless. This effects their acedemics because they are less focused and might not care how they do in school. However, if FACS was installed in schools, maybe kids could get the help they need. "For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling by simply looking on her face"(D'Alto). In some cases, this quote might be true. However, when it comes to having a mental disorder, most friends can't just guess how their friend is feeling. This is where FACS would come into play. This system would be able to know how a child is feeling and then, if those emotions are typically out of the range of what a normal teenager might be feeling, they could be sent to a professional. This professional could then diagnose the teenager whose been feeling this way and possibly have therapy. Overall,

they would help them so they will feel better. After all this is done, and the teenager starts feeling better and being able to focus on school, their acedemics could skyrocket.

With all the new inventions and innovations that have been becoming known to society throughout the years, FACS is one of them that could have a postive affect on the public and, more specifically, classrooms. This technology would have the ability to advance learning by sensing when a child is losing interest and then change the lesson to keep them entertained and continue learning. It could also prevent bullying by knowing when a child has been feeling a certain way for a long time, and then other mearures could be taken to help the child. Lastly, this technology could help children with mental disorders figure out why they feel the way they do and educate them about it, while also helping them not to feel that way anymore. Overall, this technology belongs in the classroom because it could solve problems that end up helping teenagers acedemics and result in opportunities to advance the child further.               