With my drooping eyes, aching head, and numbing hands I was unable to function in school due to endless nights of studying. I felt like I was an emotionless doll who only knew how to work and never stopped for a simple bathroom break. As teachers gave me more assignments, I thought I would never stop working like a factory worker in a large assembly line, doing the same action repeatedly. However, there came a time when I was able to take charge, thus, giving me the ability to breathe and take control. Although some may believe otherwise, summer projects should be student-designed because the project will be created to fit students' busy schedule and will give students a chance to create a project based on their interest.

Like all creatures, humans have a limited number of days before they die, causing humans to busy themselves to reach their goals before their inevitable death. By giving students the ability to create their own projects during the summer, they can produce a project that can accommodate to their busy summer schedule. For instance, last summer, I was gifted the chance to volunteer at summer camps, create outreach programs for my robotics club and travel with my youth group. I had a few days in the summer where nothing was planned and I could relax at home, but, those days were mostly spent working on my summer assignments; Even with my hard work, I was unsuccessful when trying to complete my summer assignments. By giving students the ability to create their summer project, students are able to adjust the time needed for their project so they can manage their time easily,especially teens with summer jobs. Another example is my cousin, Generic_Name, when he was in high school he struggled with his online summer projects because he traveled to China the entire summer, causing him to have no internet access to certain sites banned by China. When he came back to America, school had already started, causing him to be behind from everyone in his class. If students were to create the project, Generic_Name could have been given his assignment early and completed it before he went to China instead of having his teacher post the assignment during a certain time period in the summer. Moreover, giving students that ability to plan out their summer better and managing their time wisely.

Similar to food, humans need to feed their fiery passions in order for them to develop into leaders who enjoy their craft and work constantly to improve it. As young teens grow into adulthood they will produce their own aspirations, therefore, by having students create their summer project they will be able to base their projects based on their interests. Ludwig Van Beethoven, one of music's most prominent classical composer struggled in life because of his hearing loss, as a passionate musician, he did everything in his power to play music, even laying the piano down onto the floor so he could hear the notes. By constantly playing and composing, Beethoven was able to develop his music skills, later, making him an inspiration to all musicians. Similar to Beethoven, giving students the opportunity work on their interests by creating their own summer project, it will fulfill their passions and encourage students to follow their goals. My friend Generic_Name is passionate about programming and creating apps, however, this year he feels disinterested in computer science class, because it is not challenging enough for him. Therefore, making him doubt his love for computing and his goal to one day become a programmer for a large company. One day, he received an email from a small company asking him to participate in a project that would challenge his programming skills, helping Generic_Name reignite his love for programming. By giving students the ability to design their project they would be able to further study the subjects they love and eventually evolve that passion into a career.

Some may say that students are lazy and if they were to have control over their own summer projects they will produce easy projects that will not prepare them for the upcoming year. Since this generation have students who have access to devices that makes life too easy for them. While understandable if a project is designed by a student it does not mean the students themselves will be grading the project. Since students are designing their project, there is still a rubric to follow and a teacher to grade it, so students, fearing a terrible grade will give their full effort in achieving a high grade to start the year off. For instance, I was given the power to create my own project about a book I had read during the tenth grade. students were able to choose the way they wanted to present the book, letting students have the chance to procrastinate and use little energy for this project. But the teacher still graded the project, giving the lazy students low grades and the efficient ones a high grade. Moreover, students the chance to create their own work, they will create better projects that will show off their fruitful efforts.

Overall, students should have power over summer projects because by having the power to make one's own project young teens will get to have a small taste of freedom and independence. Helping future leaders learn to value the ideals of an individualistic society where they can help others gain the of justified freedom. Making the world more hopeful and happy, which is everyone's ultimate goal. Besides, this projects give anxious teens worrying about their future a chance for them make projects that could help their developing interest, helping them understand their purpose in life. Creating more passionate and independent workers that could impact the world by creating new technology or helping socially. So please, reflect and think about giving the today's youth some independence, so they can help make the future a brighter than before. 