How do you feel about school itself? Im guessing your not a big fan, but what if your principal said that every student has to participate in one extracurricular activity? Your probably not on board yet so i'll tell you some reasons why these activities could better you and the school. Extracurricular activities can make you new friends in school, they can help you find a hidden talent, and it can make you enjoy school more.

So how can these activities make you friends? I'll tell you. For example, if your not certain who signed up for the same thing as you, you might meet new people who have the same things in common with you. You guys both could be really good at something and thats what you talk about. Another thing is if your on a sports team the players and you could go play whatever sport outside of school. Even in school, during practice it wouldnt be nerve racking because you guys all know each other.

Everyone has a talent, just others show theirs better than others. Well the extra activities could bring out the best in you and your abilities. If you play basketball, but you dont do it that serious why not try out for the school team? Who knows you might make the team and do really good the season and then the next season you can come back better than ever. Lets say your struggling in math and you really need the extra time to do good, But after some time of the help your one of the smartest people in the class and you help people who were in your shoes.

Not a lot of people like school. Believe it im with you im not a huge fan of school myself but i still manage to enjoy it a little bit. You see, if you and some of your friends joined the same club or did the same activity do you know how much fun that would be? All of you could talk and do something you guys might enjoy like sports, yearbook, and the student council. One more thing is what if you really wanted to play for the school basketball team but your grades are holding you back? Well everyone has to do an activity so you could play and enjoy it with your friends. That doesn't mean dont worry about your grades because that always comes first.

So would you be on board with this idea? It will get you new friends, help you find something inside you that you didnt even know was there, and it will make school much more enjoyable. I think every school should use this format for these 3 reasons i stated. Even though picking something you might not be good at or you dont know is a learning curve you could still have a blast with your friends.