Why do people need advice? Typically it's to make the best decision possible. Now some people only ask for one opinion on their situation because it's easier to only listen to one person, but this isn't helping you make the best decision. People should ask for multiple peoples opinions instead of just one person. Different people have different ways of life, different ideas and opinions, and different experiences.

Everyone has a different way of life. One person might be rich while the other might be poor. Obviously these two people probably have different opinions on your situation. Any person could. Many people have different mindsets and different styles of living. One person might give up easily, while another pushes through. Then there might be a person who doesnt give up or push through, they find a different solution. The way you live your life alters your mindset. Thats why its so interesting to hear others advice and their opinions.

Everybody has different ideas and opinions. No one person is exactly like the other. My parents are very different from each other, but that's why I love getting advice from both of them. My mom is more of an pessimist while my dad is a realist. They have completely different outlooks on life, but both outlooks help me make the best decision possible. Although people can have similar ideas they are probably different in at least one way. So I encourage you to find advice in the diversity of two or more peoples thoughts.

Different people have different experiences. If you ask a person for advice they might not have gone through what you are going through. On the other hand if you ask multiple people you have a mix of experiences and maybe some that are very similar to yours. You get to have the option to listen to someone who has been through what you're going through and hear about what they did or didn't do. You can also learn about what regrets that person might have from back then and apply their experience to your own life. Even if you get advice from someone that hasn't gone through what you are their lives have formed them into who they are. They may have been through more than you know and their advice could be the best out of every ones. Just because everyone has a different life doesnt mean that they can't have similar experiences, and even if they don't have similar experiences that doesn't mean that they cant give great advice.

Some people only get one opinion on a situation while others get many. Multiple opinions is better than one though because everyone has different ways of life, different ideas, and different experiences. Next time you need to make a decision ask many people for their opinion. You might just be surprised by how much it helps.