According to the National Safety Council 6 million crashes occur each year due to using cell phones while driving. In 2018, 4,637 U.S citizens died because they or someone else were using their cell phones while operating a vehicle. Now imagine how many people died or have been injured within a decade. In my opinion people should not be allowed to use their cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. In my opinion these are three reasons you shouldn't text and drive while driving; It puts innocent lives at risk, you are more likely to crash, and is also very illegal to text and drive. I'm going to ask you three very important questions to make a compelling argument.

You would be surprised how many innocent people have died because the driver was on the phone. Answering a quick text or glancing at your phone your selfishly putting others in danger. According to the CDC, " more than 3,000 people die every single day because of a distracted driver. That is a lot of people everyday that die because you want to answer a call or text someone. I personally think someone life's more important than my phone, my phone can wait.

Why text and drive if it's twice as likely you crash if you're driving while on the phone? Studies from Drivingtests. org show that those who text and drive are 23% more likely to be involved in a car accident. You are quite literally forcing yourself to pay the price for making the mistake of texting and driving. Crashing not only increases your car insurance, you also have to pay to fix your car. I feel like it's important to know that after you texting or on a phone call and get in a crash because it was your fault you will pay for a lot.

Last question I have for you is if you know it's illegal to text and drive for your safety why do it and put everyone around you in danger. If you get pulled over you could get a Monetary fine that can range from as low as 20-500 dollars. In some states texting while driving can result in criminal misdemeanor charges. If the offense has resulted in bodily injury to another driver Jail or Prison time is a possibility. If you hit someone and they die you are looking at 20 years and a fine of 250,000 and Yet again my question is why do it if you know it's illegal.

In conclusion to this I hope that you agree with me now based on the reasons I gave. Don't text and drive for you and others safety. I feel that those three reasons not to text and drive are the three most important reasons why not. What's sad to me about the three points I said that's common is that everyone knows who drives that these three things can happen to you.   