Dear TEACHER_NAME,

The year is 2011, almost every kid in the 8th grade has a cell phone. If we could only use it when we aren't in school than what's the point? If kids were able to use their cell phones in class, it would allow children to focus more in class and they would respect the rule of turning their phones off in class.

I believe that it would be a good idea to fallow through with policy number one. During free periods and lunch hours, there is no harm in allowing students to use their cell phones. Because there is no headphones that go along with cells, students will be able to hear the instructor during an emergency situation or any situation. In fact, according to scientific researchers, when children have a full break at school with the technology that is given to them they will be able to focus more in school, because they were given access to their cell phones.

Last year when my brother was fighting cancer, I wanted to check my cell phone every second of the day to make sure my mom didn't text me to tell me something went wrong. Because I was not given the privilege to check my phone, I could not focus on what was being taught to me. I was too worried about my brother, not being able to know if he was okay. Also, if we were given cell phone use children would be able to communicate to their parents with out disturbing people in the office. Every time I need to call home to tell them my practice or game was cancelled, i feel like I am intruding in the offices business. If we were able to use our cell phones it would also be a faster way to communicate with people in or outside school. Because it is a free period or lunch there is no way that we could cheat in class or be disrespectful or rude by using our cell phones.

If kids were able to use their cell phones when they aren't in class, they will respect the rule about having cell phones in class and they will accept the privilege given to them.

Because we don't have cell phone privilege in class now, children use their cells in class. Covering them with a book or texting below their desks. If we had the opportunity to use our cells during out free periods, kids wouldn't need to use their phones in the class. They would accept the challenge of trust that the teachers are giving them and move on to fallow the rule. If teachers check that the phone is off during a regular class or even take them away during a test, there would be no way to cheat during the exam. In fact, if teachers take away the cell during a quiz, the student could do their exam and then get their cell right back after class. Both the student and the teacher would be happy.

According to teen magazine, "It is the parents idea to give their teen a phone. Why should the teacher take that right away?"

If children were allowed cell phones in school, they could focus better and class, and they be able to respect their teachers rules better knowing they are trusted enough to have their cell phones in school.            