This article, "Driverless Cars Are Coming", should prove to anyone who reads it that the idea of driverless cars should not become an all out reality. The technology is simply not there and even in the future when our civilization is far more advanced, it is so easy for a mistake to be made in the manufacturing of these cars. Also, as humans, we would not cope well with having driverless cars. After years of getting used to them, they would be taken much better but in the begining it would simply be too hard for everyone to stay focused while at the wheel. Therefore, driverless cars, while very advanced, should not be manufactured.

The technology part of this project alone is enough for anyone to object. Cars are already dangerous enough with many people getting in accidents every day. These things could already easily kill a person, without putting all of this very sensitive technology into it. To make driverless cars happen, there would have to be a ridiculis amount of intricate technology worked into the car, and if one thing messes up, who's to say how much damage can be done? Putting all of our attention into our phones is one thing, but to put our lifes in the hands of a machine is much more of a risk.

Even if the technology worked, it would still need some sort of human control at first. Many humans can barely pay attention to the road when they are the only ones driving let alone when they are waiting for their turn to drive. Say, a driver has a particularly hard night and happens to fall asleep in the car on his way to pick up his child. If the warnings don't wake him up, this tiredness could cost many lives. This could result in lawsuits filed against the car manufacturer and others starting to fight and protest. Even in the article it asks, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault - the driver or the manufacturer" (Paragraph 9)? This would be a tough situation to make laws on and a dificult thing to prove if the driver claims the technology failed. How would it be proven? People can barely handle driving now with the new technolgy that they have, and adding more would just make things more dangerous.

Driverless cars should not be manufactured. The technology that we have now is already making life more dificult in general, and adding to it would do less good than bad. There aren't even any claims to why it would be a benificial thing to our society. The reason for that is that it won't be benificial. Car manufacturers are doing it just for the sake of doing it and it could potentially be a very dangerous thing.              