I think that our principal should let teenagers use their phones during school. During free time will be the best policy. I agree that cell phones need to be turned off during class because you will not get an education or succeed. Why should we have cell phones during free time and not during class? Students need to pay attention in class and not goof off. They wont succeed if they are to busy texting someone. Free time is the best time that students need to use their phone or at lunch.

Why I think people should use phones during lunch or free time is because someone in my math class texts one of their friends while my teacher is talking to the class. Since I am a middle school student that is a big deal! Phones are the best thing in technology right?

Free time or lunch is the best because the teachers are watching us when we eat and they wouldn't really care. During class is a whole different story. If the teachers saw one of their students text someone or using their phone in any sort of way they would give you ISS or Chill out. But if we use it during lunch while we are not being taught something it wouldn't really matter.

While teachers are teaching a lesson while writing on the board they rarely turn around unless someone is asking a question or letting the students write down the notes.

My math teacher is always telling someone to make sure they write down their notes. Most of the time while that person is texting someone, our teacher doesn't even notice! That is the part I don't get. Why wouldn't a teacher walk over or something to see why that person is not taking their notes? If I was a teacher I would go over to that person while the rest of the students that want to succeed in education are taking the notes and see why that person wouldn't be taking any notes. And if I noticed that person just put their phone or ipod into their pocket I would say let me see what you just placed in your pocket. If that person said I didn't have anything I would say I just saw that you put something in your pocket, you deserve Chill out. Think about this for a second if you were a teacher would you want your students to excel in education and go to college or use their phones during the class while your giving a lesson?

I don't agree with not having phones at school at all. Why? The reason is that if someone forgot about a meeting that they have to attend after school, they could go to the bathroom and call their parent or guardian to let them no that they will not be riding the bus or getting picked up. What do you think about not having phones at school at all?