Studying Venus would be a worhty pursuit despite the dangers because it would provide great information and it is very unique. Venus is like no other planet; but if it is so dangerous, why do scientists want to find out more about it? Astronomers are interested in Venus because there is a possibility that Venus was the most Earth-like planet in the solar system years ago.

To start off, even though Venus is very dangerous, exploring it would provide a lot of intreging information. With an atmosphere of nearly 97 percent carbon dioxide and 800 degrees Fahrenheit, scientists are already trying to find out more, but they are not sure how, without having to be on the rocky yet toxic surface. "Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape"(5). If NASA can put the blimp tactic in motion, scientists can start getting a much more magnified look at the mysterious planet. Even if the danger is extremely high, one scientist one of these days eventually is going to try to explore and find out more amazing facts and imformation about Venus. So why wait now?

In addition, exploring Venus would be worth it because of it's uniqueness. If any group of scientists were to go on a safe trip to observe the Evening Star it will probably be the most memorable day of their lives. Because there is nothing like Venus.

"Numerous factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us"(2). This shows that scientits have already attempted to learn more about the mystery planet, but haven't been very succesful. These scientists need to take flight. The only way that they will be able to get as close as possible and get the most accurate and approximate information is by being inside an aircraft hovering above the gasous planet. If the practices are completely correctly and safely and all of the precautions are met, there shouldn't be a problem with trained professionals to take on the unique ball of gas.

In conclusion, Venus is a mysterious planet that needs some research to figure out all of the different functions it has. And it's purpose for our world and solar system, because if it didn't have a purpose, it would't be in our galaxy. Studying Venus is definetly worth the risk because there is so much information that scientists could use to their advantage and to truly see how unique this planet really is. 