Should students be allowed to design their own summer projects? Over the summer, many students find it hard to roll out of bed and prefer to procrastinate their summer assignments. The dreaded math packet holds the number one spot, but what if the students could choose how their homework is designed. There needs to be a way to inspire students to keep up with studies and find pleasure in the chosen topic. If students design their own projects they may find more interest in completing the assignment, a passion for their chosen subject, and a project to boost their grade in class.

Teachers always struggle to find a project that students will be interested in completing. Students want to enjoy the summer and not have to worry about taking time out of their day to study. When they design the project themselves they can incorporate the work into their daily lives and activities to make it fun. One student may choose to solve math problems around the mall while others, choose to shoot a soccer ball every time they mention a scientific kingdom. This will be an easy way to learn while completing many daily things and students will feel proud of their accomplishments.

When a teacher gives out a packet, students are not always pleased or excited about it. They normally consist of long word problems and that can often bore students, but lets say each word problem is a coordinate, one that leads to a park in the neighborhood or a friends house. After the student takes this long adventure they designed, they may find themselves enjoying the trip and the exploration they got to do. They went outside and got some fresh air while completing a summer project. In the future maybe the student wants to fly plains and travel. Now they can solve the math to accomplish those travel plans.

At the end of the year students stress about grades and the most common complaint is; how can I get my grade up for the end of the year. The teachers also have to search for simple projects to close the learning gap after SOL's. An easy way to accomplish this would be to assign a project, one that the students will keep with them into the summer. The students will be required to make their own, exciting, project by themselves. Instead of some boring old packet with 120 questions, this packet is tailored to their creative ideas. The packet they made may send them on an adventure through the mall or even a park. They will turn it in and the teacher will hand it back, after grading, for them to fill out over the summer.

Designing their own summer projects left the students inspired to reach for their goals and go into the next year with a more developed brain. All of this was possible because their ideas could become a solid base for amazing adventures. Students should get to design a project they feel best suits them, it may help them find themselves and their future in school.