In a time where technology is creating more and more opportunities and options, there is no longer a need to maintain all traditional education methods. With new technology, online learning is becoming more and more prevalent in many parts of the world. Regular schooling has been a great benefit for centuries, but is becoming almost antiquated through its limitations in today's world. For the modern student with busy schedules, on-campus learning seems to be a time-consuming ball and chain. Although this may be the case for most students, the second option is becoming more popular. Online classes are beneficial to students because there is no longer a need for students to physically show up to class, and there is no longer a need for teachers to come to school.

First, without the need for students to physically be at school, several limitations are already eliminated. With the introduction of online learning there will be fewer absences. For example, when I was sick with bronchitis for a week near the end of the marking period, I had missed out on two tests and could not turn in one project. I would've benefited from an online course, where I would've turned in my project and take my tests online When students are sick, or lack transportation, they lose the opportunity to learn and grades suffer; Through online conferencing, the lessons are still being given and students still attend class. Though it can be said that students will not be motivated to attend online classes, the freeing of student schedules will make learning feel like what it is, an academic opportunity, rather than a chore. Without the shackles of classroom learning and bad school lunches, students will jump at the chance to become career ready and guarantee their future.

Then, with online lessons and video conferences, there is no longer a need for teachers to come to school. Without the limitation of the classroom, teachers would not have to have substitutes. I can remember many times where substitute teachers did not teach lessons, but only passed out busy work; It was a waste of a class period. Our entire class had done nothing but two word searches for hours. Students won't benefit from busy work periods, which only makes school feel more like a chore. In addition, students would not have to stay after with teachers to make up work or to tutor. With online classes, lessons can be reviewed and questions can be asked online, eliminating the need for after-school tutoring and the worry of student transportation.

In conclusion, with the diffusion and development of online classes, students have much to look forward to. Although classroom learning will be changed, it will most likely not be completely phased out by online learning. Instead of discarding traditional learning, schools should still maintain important values such as individual learning and support from teachers. It's important to hold on to time-proven methods but to also be inviting to change where beneficial, as we should do with all things that are out with the old, and in with the new.