Phones can be found nearly everywhere in the world since they allow you to look something up on the go or text friends and family. They are very useful when it comes to speaking to someone who could be in another country or state. The only time it is not accepted is when you're driving. Phones and driving do not mix well unless you have self control. Most driving accidents are from distracted driving and the leading cause is cell phones, and some states have banned cell phone use when driving due to this cause, and there are many ways to make sure you focus on the road. There are many consequences that come with texting and driving.

There are many accidents when it comes to driving. The main cause is distracted driving and that mostly happens due to cell phone use. Many people have gotten injured or have passed away due to car accidents that come from texting while driving. This means that out of every other cause, phones are more dangerous than drinking and driving. Texting is the main type of distraction when it comes to driving. Texting can cause you lose awareness of your surroundings.

To combat cell phone use while driving, many states have outlawed the use of cell phones while driving completely. This is meant to protect you and others inside you car and others on the road. States such as Georgia have laws that require you to not use you your phone at all. This is strictly enforced by police officers in the state.

Breaking these laws could get you a fine or jail time. This is one of the main things police officers look for when people are driving on the streets.

There are many things you should do on the road when you have your phone with you. One of the main things you can do is to put your phone on Do Not Disturb. This can help you focus and make you pay attention when it comes to your surroundings. Not bringing your phone can also help a lot. This makes sure that you won't be distracted at all.

There are many accidents when it comes to driving. The main cause is distracted driving and that mostly happens due to cell phone use. To combat cell phone use while driving, many states have outlawed the use of cell phones while driving completely. There are many things you should do on the road when you have your phone with you. This can help you focus and make you pay attention when it comes to your surroundings. This is why you should never drive and use your phone at the same time.   