Would you owe a "Driverless cars." if possable? Driverless cars should be stopped from being created. Driverless cars sensors can suddently stop working and can cause an acsedent. They can also are not fully in control someone always have to be in alert and ready to take over. The also mentions 'safety is best enforce within alert drivers."Driverless cars" should stop being funded because it can cause an accident, a human will still have to be aware and ready to take over, and the law also states that.

Driverless cars sensors are nothing new of course, but they may also fail at occations. When sensors fail at anytime it may cause an accident. If the person in the vihcle dose not know what is going on it may lead to a extream unfortinit case. It may leave the passengers extreamly hurt, or even worst it may lose a life. In which case we do not want to occure. Technollogy may fail.

They are also not fully controlled on it is own. Someone always has to remain ready to take over when ever is needed. Why will someone want to do that when not having fully controlled or no controlled at all. People would offten lose sight of the road. People may also get annoyed. They also say that they may place cameras on vhicle to watch the driver stay foucesed on the road. If the car cannot do that on it's own i belive it should not be a car to be able to use.

Lastly the law it's own belives that 'safety is best reenforceed with drivers alert. When only people think that it is not quite a big deal but when the law belives the same way it is something major. As that have been said most states it is illegar to even test a driverless car. Some of those states are The distric of Columbia, California, Nevada, and also Florida. Whitch i agree and it is a great idea to enforce.

That is why Driverless cars should not be funded nor try to be created. Driverless car sensors may fail and can cause a tragic. They are also not self conntrolled on it's own. The law also said 'safety is best reenforce with alert drivers.'

Would you still want to own a car like thing? I hope this changed your mind if so. 