The Challenge of Exploring Venus as the author suggested to study is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it can happen. The reason Humens should explore the Unknown Venus is becuase it was the closest planet to Earth terms of density and size. Venus is dangers for a humen to explore but not an unman spacecraft to go near the surface. Venus is tricky and challanging to explore becuase of the high temeratures that average 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the Atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than Earth. Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. Even though Mercury is the closet to our sun.

On the depths of the surface of Venus there is alot going on, as in erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightign strikes. Scientists are already discussing how to visit the Venus surface which means they also want to explore and study Venus. Venus once have been like Earth-like planet in our solar system. It has some land features if rocky sediment, Valleys, mountains, and craters. Venus is sometimes our nearest option for a planetary visit, given the long time frames of space travel. The Value of returning to venus seems unlikly.

NASA is creating a blimp-like vehicle to hover 30 or more miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. The almost easy task for the vehicle would use solar power becuase the sun would be above it all the time. Even in high altitude the climate is still pretty hot that is around 170 degree Fahrenheit. The downfall to being so high up above 30 or more miles is not much research will go on becuase the limited view we well get. More importantly is that scientist can't get samples of rocks, gases, and anything else since the spacecraft will be high up.

Scientist is now looking at old technology called mechanical computers. The "old Technology" uses gear and levers but not electronics at all. Modern computers are more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. mechanical parts are more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces then a computer. What I think is that Venus is worth the pursuit despite the danger it can bring. Venus does have value to be explored because who doesn't love a challenge? I sure do love a challenge.   