Dear Senator,

I know  you have a lot of things on your mind, but I really felt the need to address the way we vote for our president of the United States. Instead of using the Electoral College, I think we should select the president by popular vote. We, the people should be allowed to control who our president is and that not always likely to happen. We can't control whomever our electors vote for. If you keep reading you will see my reasonings for not favoring the Electoral College.

First of all, I favor changing to election by popular vote because of something we might call the "disaster factor." Us Americans should consider the fact about how back in 2000, there was one of the biggest fiascos of the century because of the election process. Just think about how state legislatures can just pick electors, and those electors they chose can defy the will of the people. Even if we go back even further to the 1960's the segregationists of the Louisiana legislatures almost succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new ones, who would oppose John F. Kennedy.

Secondly, I would perfer that he election was decided by the popular vote becayse some people refuse to vote. "These electors are called "faithless" electors. They refuse to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please"  stated in souce 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong, in paragraph 11.

Last but not least of all, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Only because of the winnwer-take-all system in each state. Because of this system, candidates don't spend time in states they know dont have a chance of winning. They mainly focus on the tight races in the "swing" states. Back in 2000, 17 states didn't see the candidates at all, which is not right.

In conclusion, I would like to say that I would rather have the decision to vote for our president by using the most popular vote. I feel that we don't actually get to make the decision of who our president actually is. I would like to say that the electoral college is unfair, irrational and outdated.  All in all ,My opinion is that Bob Dole was right: Abolish the electoral college! Any way I really hope you take this in consideration, not just for me, but for the people.

Sincerly, Diamon    