Driverless cars are the future of the world.

They undoubtedly will overall help the constant struggles drivers face in todays economy.

Driverless cars would have a postive impact on the world like coping with chaotic gas prices, having advanced technology to travel places without the assistance from humans, and by having fun while also safe heads up displays for entertainment purposes to help cope with the stress of driving.

The increasing and decreasing of gas prices throughout the whole world is a rather chaotic and dissapointing time.

Many people spend a lot of money on gas which sometimes is needed very frequently.

With the help of driverless cars, the conservation of fuel will save the average gas consumer money.

Driverless cars are able to use considerably less fuel than taxis today.

This is one of the many solutions that society needs without having any other major changes occur.

There has been a major increase in sensors in todays cars.

With the updated sensors throughout the years, it has been easy for car companies to put that technology to use.

Many cars have sensors embedded within them which can help alert the driver the possibility of danger.

Driverless cars with updated sensory can allow the car to speed up or brake when needed, sense other cars and objects around it, and many other major increases in technology.

With the help of these sensors, the world is one step closer to having driverless cars.

All that is needed now is technology and sensors that can help detect construction and other interferences so that it is able to control and drive without the assistance of a human.

Lastly, watching movies, texting, talking on the phone, etc., have always been huge no no's while driving.

With driverless cars, there is a possibility of many different options with heads up display.

Many manufacturers are beginning to look into heads up displays that can serve as entertainment systems or that will allow you to use your cellular device on, but automatically shuts off in the case of an emergency or when the driver needs to take over.

This major and otherwise impressive improvement to cars will help people deal with the increasing bordom that comes with driving.

With all of these changes and improvements in technology, it is easy to see the reality of driverless cars in the future.

First, driverless cars will help with the insane gas prices that are in todays economy by taking half the gas that a normal car would normally need.

Second, with the improvement in technology, driverless cars will be able to go to and from places without the assistance of humans.

Lastly, the addition of heads up display entertainment and allowance of cell phones being shut down when assistance is needed from humans will help people to cope with the stress and bordom of driving and will also add safety to the equation which is most important.

These are all the more reasons why smart cars will have a positive impact on our society in the future.     