Driverless cars sound like an exciting concept. In paragraph two it even says how people have been fasinating with cars that could driver themselves for ages now. But, in my opinion I believe driverless cars wouldn't be a good idea.

The passage gives many reasons why driverless cars would be good and why they'd also be bad. In my opinion they'd just cause more trouble than regular cars already do. In the passage it says how they have a lot of sensors, and gadgets to make them "safe," but what happens when one or a two of those sensors go out? And then the owner of the car doesn't have the money to go out and buy a new one. They're going to be driving a car that not only is putting themselves in danger, but also the people around them.

Another reason why I believe that driverless cars wouldn't be a good idea is because of what was stated in paragraph 9. What's going to happen when the car gets in an accident and causes damage to another driverless car? We already have laws that go along with regular cars, and to whom is at fault when an accident happens. These cars are going to cause so much more drama than there already is! There are going to be accidents, there is no way we can avoid it. There are going to be malfuntions in the driverless car. There are still malfunctions in the cars we drive today and you see how long we've been dribing them around! Driverless cars are only going to cause more problems that we don't need.

Let's say driverless cars become a reality, and they're everywhere. What's going to happen to the cars we drive today? I absolutly love cars, and the reason I love cars is because as a teenager that just got her license not too long ago; this is what I've been looking forward to since age seven! If manually driven cars get taken away from us how are we going to know who's worthy of driving on the street? Driverless cars are going to be everywhere. They're going to be the cars teens take their drivers test in. How exactly are people going to be able to determine whether or not they're going to be safe on the roads if a car is doing all of the work for them? I just don't see how people expect this all to work out, but then again this is probably what people were thinking when they were transitioning over from hourse and buggies to automobiles.

I believe driverless cars are a bad idea. There are dozens of details in this article to back me up on this. I've always believed why change something that's already good? It's like your mom making your favorite apple pie. It's the best apple pie you've ever had in your life. And one day your mom decides she wants to change it up a bit, and that change just completly ruins it for you. It'll never be the same again because of that one time that she decided to change it up. And that's how I see driverless cars. I see them as something that'll just ruin it for everyone. Manually driving a car gives you such a rush, it's the first thing in your life that makes you feel independent. It makes in feel like you're finally in control of your life for the first time. I feel as though it would be a shame to take that away from the people who haven't experienced it for themselves.