Many cities are experiencing perhaps the biggest economic change being implemented into society since the invention of the Model T. People just simply aren't interested in attaining a personal vehicle, or even a license for that matter. As a result, many personal vehicle companies are starting to become more "mobile" to stay with the times, or become bankrupt due to being stagnant in sales. Not owning a car has actually proved to come with more advantages than if owning a car. Such as, less carbon emissions in the air, less stress in certain communites where car-free zones are being implemented, and finally restaurants and stores becoming more "cropped up" due to rush-hour restrictions; essentially boosting the economy.

The lack of car use has fundamentally benefitted the environment as an entirety. Cars emit carbon emissions into the air that are not only harmful to many animals, but to humans as well. According to Source 2, in Paris, France alone, it was shown that "due to the use of diesel fuel over regular fuel, there were 147 micrograms of particle matter per cubic meter." Comparing this to other major cities in Europe that find more use for regular gasoline, you'll find that the results are less. In Brussels, there were 114 micrograms of PM per cubic meter, and in London, 79.7. Even though areas that used more regular fuel over diesel fuel were significantly lower in micrograms of particle matter, even 79.7 micrograms can be potentially fatal, and cause lung-related health problems in the later lives of the people occupying these areas. Officials not only in Paris, but also in major cities such as Bogota, Colombia and New York City, New York have also began to take a stand. In Paris, France for example, "there are certain days in which cars cannot be driven by people with license plates ending in even numbers, and the next day by people with license plates ending in odd numbers. This new way of thinking has been implemented into the French law system to help decrease the amount of pollution in the air." (Source 2) Bogota has also found a unique approach to a less polluted environment. "Car-free day is a day in which no cars are driven, with the exception of buses and taxis." (Source 3) Finally, New York City has implemented a "new bike-sharing program in which bicycles can be rented for a cost-effective amount. In addition to this, bridge and tunnel tolls have also reflected these new priorities by skyrocketing in price." (Source 4) These new implementations have proved beneficial in decreasing the amount of carbon emissions in the air. Many communities have not only found a way to reduce pollution in the air, but also live a more stress-free lifestyle.

Stress and rush-hour are known to have some corollation, but newer communites are starting to take a stand by limiting the amount of car usage in their area. Vauban, Germany, a newer community only just established in 2006, is an example of one of these communites that has started to "smart plan." Over 70 percent of Vauban's occupants don't own a car, and 57 percent have sold a car to move there." (Source 1) A happier lifestyle has appeared as a result. According to Heidrun Walter, an occupant in Vauban. When she had a car, she was always "tense." But now, she's a much happier mother of two, and the distant hum of an occasional motor vehicle is drowned out by the "chattering of wandering children." (Source 1) In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is suggesting that we start implementing these "car reduced" communities in our nation to better society, as well as to provide a more stress-free environment for these new communites' residents. (Source 1) Even in Bogota, people have said that the use of no cars is a "great opportunity that has taken away stress and lowered air pollution." (Source 3)

Not only has pollution been reduced in all of this or the fact that a factor attributing to stress has also been removed, but areas where these communites are starting to form, have also boosted the economy. In Bogota, it has been reported that due to Car-free day, that both "parks and sports centers have started to appear throughout the city. In additon to this, sidewalks have been replaced by more broad, smooth sidewalks. As well as, rush-hour traffic has been cut, allowing new restaurants and upscale shopping districts to flourish." (Source 3) "Cars are starting to become a thing of the past," according to Mimi Sheller, a sociology professor at Drexel University. Even her children (19 and 21) don't have licenses. "They say they're interested, but it's not a priority for them," she later goes on to say. As a result, gas money is saved, and people can spend more money on things that matter to them.

In conclusion, it has been displayed that the advantages of not using a car are starting to outweight the benefits. The lack of car use in these car-free communities is helping to reduce stress and tension on the road, boost not only the community's economy, but also the entire nation's economy as well. In addition to this, the lack of car use is also helping to preserve the environment, by reducing carbon emissions into the air. According to many sociologists and business professionals, the downfall of the car may well be on its way, but it may not be such a bad thing.                                                                                                                  