Have you ever thought about why there are so many deaths in the world? Most leading deaths are from vehicles and the driver behind the wheel, wether they are texting, talking on the phone, or under the influence. I believe it is a great thing to live in a city where car usage is very limited.

Living in a world where everyone has to walk or ride a bike to go from place to place also means that everyone gets their daily exercise. Today, in society people are usually sitting in a car, others they ride a bike or take a walk. While doing these activities you have to worry about anything hitting you, for this instance a car. What I am trying to say here is less people die as less people drive.

Another reason to limit car usage is weather patterns. You never know what the weather is going to be like, therefore you will never know what you might run into. There have been some cases for pile-ups from smog. smog is a mixture of smoke and fog, making it impossible to see. Diesel fuel doesnt help the case for smog either. The diesel helps the smog by polluting the air around the area.

In Bogota Colombia, a program that is set set to spread to other countries. This program is called "Car-free day", millions of Colombians hike, bike, skate, or take buses to work during this day. This day also brings avoidment to traffic jams. Some citizens say it is a good way to lower air pollution. Less car usage is helping to clean the air. This generation needs to understand that if we want a clean future for ouselves and our families.

President Obama has a goal to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions. Recent studies shows that Americans are buying fewer cars and getting fewer licenses as the years progress. It is said that the number of miles driven in the U.S. peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter. Doug Short of Advisor Perspectives, an investment research company says "as of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly nine percent blow the peak and equal to where the country was in January of 1995". Some people have cars and the rarely use them, living in big cities where taking a bus or riding a bike would not be necessary if having a car.

Some other things why limiting car usage is a good thing is gas prices, they are so overated now. Gas used to be .97 cent per 9/10 a gallon. Now, you cant find a gas station anywhere without the ranging prices of $2.45-$3.75. That price is ridiculous, who wants to pay $37 for 10 gallions of gas? I sure dont, that is another reason why some people find it easier to ride a bike. They save money! Yes, I understand that the economy is bad. Bad to the point where i do not feel like going anywhere anymore? Things are changing in this world and it needs to continue.              