When your parents tell you to go clean your room, you most likely dont want to do it. But when you are put to the same task on your own time and rules, then you're more likely to do it. People like to be in control and have things to their benefit. When you're on vacation you dont want your professor telling you to do an assignment when it's your time off. Even if you must do the project, you would much rather have the project based on your needs than having the professor assign it based on his views. This is why summer projects that schools assign should be student designed.

When these projects during the summer are assigned, students should be interested in the topic of it. If it doesn't seek their interest, they will get lazy and procrastinate since it is the summer time. Typically, students think of summer time as vacation and fun. For example, if a student is interested and passionate about sports but the teacher assigns a summer project about researching plants. Then the student will do a less efficient job on the project, thus resulting in the student not learning as much as they could've. Continuing to learn during break is the whole point of a summer project. So it's better that projects are student based to do it efficiently than to just half way do it and turn it in.

During the summer many kids are either working at jobs to earn money or on vacation somewhere. This is where student designed summer projects benefit the most. Since most students know their schedules and what they're capable of, then that means they can design projects that are flexible enough to work around their schedules to help them complete the assignment. Nobody wants to be in Hawaii with family having fun and then remembering that you have to do an assignment when maybe it's the only time you get to relax. Schools assign the summer projects to assure that students continue learning over the break, allowing students to design the project would be a great way to get students to take interest in the assignment and have time to do it.

Most people know what it's like to be a student in high school and college, the students get lazy and procrastinate on things. Having the summer project student based would increase what they learn about the subject and they would feel less forced to do it because they personally designed it and is to their benefit. It's like saying, would you rather buy someones shoe that they made or be able to make and design your own? Obviously you would prefer to be able to make your own shoe to make sure you have the colors and type of style that you like. The same goes with student designed projects over the summer. If you were to put yourself in a students point of view, you would want to be the one designing the project so you feel less forced to do it since you're the one that designed it.

However, some people may argue that summer projects should be teacher designed and not student designed. They say that because some people believe that the teacher knows best for the students because they are the ones that really know the material and subject. But by having teachers design the projects themselves, it could interfere with your job or schedule leaving you stressed out over the summer when you should be more relaxed. It is always very important to make sure that you get rest mentally and physically. The teacher could also leave an assignment that you have no clue or interest in, resulting in you not learning as well on the project as you could have. Student designed summer assignments have the benefits for both the teacher and student. The student will learn and have fun while doing the project, and the teacher doesn't have to worry about people not turning it in because the students will be interested in their project that they personally designed.

Overall, By schools allowing summer projects to be student designed, more will get done while not feeling forced to do it. Many kids over the summer have jobs and by the students themselves designing the project, it will be more flexible around their schedule. Also this will allow the students to learn a lot more by being interested in the topic that they have chosen themselves. Then the teachers won't have to worry about people not turning it in or doing it last minute. This is why schools should make summer assignments student designed, based on the fact that it has more benefits to the teachers and the students.