Phones and Driving

In the state of Georgia, it is illegal to use a cellular device while operating a vehicle. I believe that drivers should not be able to use cellular devices in any capacity while operating a vehicle. Over the past two decades phones and technology have expanded and so have the dangers of getting behind the wheel with a cellular device. I believe that no one has a reason to be doing anything other than driving when in a vehicle. Cellular devices have become a major issue whether you're a senior citizen or a beginner at driving.

Over the past few years that technology has expanded into many forms more and more casualties have occurred on the roads. The United States Department of Transportation reported that cell phones are involved in about 1.6 million auto crashes each year meaning that these 1.6 million car crashes involved cellular devices being a distraction to drivers. Some of the cell phone related car crashes lead to deaths of the distracted drivers and even the people who weren't even behind the wheel. There are many different ways to be distracted by a cellular device. This includes texting, maps, email, and social media.

Emotions over text messages could also effect a driver's state of mind while driving. If a driver were to get mad or upset over something they saw or read they could get distracted and lose control of the vehicle. Also could affect others that are driving. Other drivers could be in danger if someone can't see because they are distracted texting someone back. Overall this means that emotions could overcome someone if they used a cellular device while driving.

The law in Georgia is called the hands free law in my own words I think of this as both hands on the wheel. This is the way that drivers should drive all the time with both hands on the wheel. Using one hand to call someone could cause you to not be able to react in an emergency. If an animal jumped in front of a car of someone using a hand to see the map on their phone for directions it could lead them to crashing and harming the animal because of the panic and only one hand to steer. I think that both hands is an important safety when it comes to driving.

These three major points support my reason as to why I believe that drivers should not be able to use cellular devices behind the wheel. Emotion effecting the capability of someone driving, casualties because of distractions caused by cellular devices and, two free hands that will make the possibilities of crashing slim to none.                  