"The Challenge of Exploring Venus" talks about the different aspects and dangers of Venus. It tells of what we have learned and what we have been trying to acomplish since we (Scientists and Nasa from Earth) first attempted to land spacecrafts over three decades ago. So the question is, Is Venus a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents? The author of

"The Challenge of Exploring Venus" supports this idea using facts about Earth and newly learned facts about Venus.

What have we done to further investigate this planet? According to this article,

"The Challenge of Exploring Venus" we "- have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud-draped world." The author reports that not one spacecraft lasted more than a few hours, luckily we sent the missions "unmanned". He says this is the main reason why no one has tried to explore further. Although this setback we still continue to work towards learning more about Venus the "evening star", coming up with different ideas for example from the article we could hover over the planet at a safe distance. But we still struggle to land and bring back samples.

Why is Venus so dangerous? Well according to the author of the article

"The Challenge of Exploring Venus" in paragraph 3, it is not only covered in "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide-" but the planets surface is " -over 800 degrees Fahrenheit" Which where i live it can get up to average 90 degrees fahrenheit from what i have experienced. That is almost nine times as hot and would kill most living things that land there if you think about that based on the authors facts. Also due to atmospheric pressure being so high those together is mentioned in paragraph 3 line 4 to , "- crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals." Which makes this planet not only dangerous but inhospitable.

So why are we so addicted to learning and exploring this planet? Why won't we leave it be? Venus is, according to the author of this article "often referred to as Earth's twin" Most people who have learned about the solar system would know this neighbor planet "- is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size". The author even says that, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth" Most scietists just want to learn more about the planets that surround the world we live in.

In conclusion,

Is Venus a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents? According to the author of

"The Challenge of Exploring Venus"

he supports this idea. He does this by using facts about Earth and newly learned facts about Venus. He also stresses the point that we shouldn't let danger stop us by saying in paragraph 8, " Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation."      