After-school activities offer a variety of things, and students often choose to stay after school to enjoy them. However, being forced to stay past school hours to participate wouldn't be much fun for something that's supposed to be an activity to enjoy in your free time. Students should not have to participate in after-school activities, because some students may have other matters they need to attend to (family, jobs, etc), may already be doing a time-consuming activity outside of school, or may not have transportation home.

Students may already have things to do that take up after-school time: for example, they could be needed to babysit younger siblings, to take care of another family member, to do household chores, or to work an after-school job. Requiring students to do an after-school activity would take up this time, where they might be really needed.

Having students participate in things beside schoolwork is important, but not more important than family or work needs. They might be leaving a younger child alone, just because they have to participate in a sport or student council. There are things more important than extracurricular activities.

Students may also have an outside-of-school activity to participate in at the time. Many students choose to take lessons or sports outside of school. For example, they might have private instrument lessons, a neighborhood science club, or a sport team that isn't school-involved. These activities are just as important as school ones, and they shouldn't be forced to miss them because of requiring extracurricular clubs. The outside-of-school activities are often paid for, or require money in some way. This would lead to a loss of money for the parents, paying for lessons that the students can't attend. Students may lead busy lives, and they shouldn't have to have them taken up by even more school-required things.

Another reason school clubs shouldnt be enforced is that while buses and parent pick-up are often available at the end of the school day, it is not always the same when it's already been an hour after school. Parents also often have busy schedules, and they can't always be available to drive their student home. That is one reason why some students choose not to participate in extracurricular activities. But if students are being forced to stay after school, they might not have a ride home. This would create a problem, because then most of the school would need a bus ride home, and that would require a lot of buses and bus drivers. This would be very financially taxing for the school, so it would be better to just let students go home at the end of the school day. They have already been required to attend school for seven hours; it would not be fair to make them stay longer for something that isn't even education-related.

In summary, students have busy lives already, taken up by chores, family commitments, possible after-school jobs, schoolwork, and outside-of-school activities. They shouldn't be forced to add more things to their schedule. Extracurricular activities are meant to something fun and enjoyable in a student's free time, a choice to partake in something they find interesting. Making students attend extracurricular activities would take the fun out of it - it's supposed to a chance students can take, not another thing forced upon them. These students have lives to live, things to take care of, other time-consuming responsibilities in life that are more important than school-related ones. Let extracurricular activities remain as a choice for students.