Summer is the season where students like to have nothing but fun and relaxation. During this time, expanding your learning capability in subjects like reading, science, history, and math is never a bad thing. Some schools in the United States are now requiring that students complete summer projects during the break to ensure that students are not getting far behind. But this raises the question of if students should design their program, or if the teachers should design the program. Teachers should design any and all programs designated for students because students are not always trustworthy, teachers have better insight in knowing what each student needs to achieve, and if a student chooses, whose to say they have not picked something they have already completed prior to summer.

One factor in why teachers should design the program is that students are not always trustworthy. When teachers designate programs in the summer, they set up programs that are for educational purposes. To most students "educational learning" is playing Fortnite all day until they win a battle. Or calculating how many miles it takes them to drive from work, home, a party, and back. For example, a young man by the name of "Generic_Name" was well known in the Generic_School community. He was a football, basketball, and lacrosse player who was class president the first three years in high school. As president, one of his major duties were to plan the student summer program, and he knew that the summer program was meant to be educational. The teacher sponsor of class council decided to show up at one of the program meetings one summer day before senior year, and to his surprise, he found out that Generic_Name "summer program" was a summer long improve tournament.

What some students fail to understand, is that teachers know exactly what they are doing and what each student needs to achieve. As everyone knows, not all students are the same. Whether that is in the way they learn, look, speak, or comprehend. Another student that was popular in the Generic_School district named "Generic_Name", was always strong in most subjects except science. So during his time at his summer program, the teachers always gave him science stuff to work on, while also adding his strongest studies here and there. Generic_Name friend Generic_Name was a strange case. Generic_Name was smarter than Generic_Name by a landslide, and that is saying a lot being that Generic_Name was a genius. Generic_Name pretty much passed any test you threw his way, but Generic_Name, his AP Spanish teacher, felt that he could be better in Spanish, even though he finished with a "B". He had to give up his swimming camp with Michael Phelps, just to spend the summer practicing Spanish with Generic_Name. As a result, he got a perfect score on his AP test, and came to college with six credits just from that class.

Being a kid, you are born into a terrible skill of being sneaky and sometimes getting away with it. If students were able to design programs during the summer, how could it be known that it is not a program they have already completed? Generic_Name was the first third and fourth grader to complete all 12 multiplication tables in under a minute at Woodbrook Elementary School. Because of this, he needed to do something different for his summer program, but because he was able to choose what students had to do, he completed the same 12 multiplication tables year after year. He even had the nerve to put on his college application that he has been in charge of and participated in math camp for nine years. And of course, the Business school of Generic_School accepted him.

Now what is not always true is that every kid are not capable of designing their own summer program. In fact, there is a great amount that would not only help themselves, but also help others in excelling in their learning capabilities. But facts are the facts, not every child can be trusted. And what hassle is it to have a teacher be in charge of designing when they already get paid to teach? Some people will not understand, while others will, but in reality, the help from an adult can go a long way!