Dear, Principle

Hello. I'm STUDENT_NAME. My home room teacher is TEACHER_NAME. I'm writing because, I feel that Community Service for children or young adults is a good thing to do. I say that because it will keep students out of trouble at school, home, and on the streets. To do Community Service says a lot about one person. There are many reasons why we should do Community Service, but i' m only going to state three purposes.

Keeps The Environment Clean And Healthy

To want a healthy environment should come natural to a lot of people. Why would somebody want their surroundings a "dump". When someone does a bad thing, they get in trouble and have to do Community Service. My opinion is it shouldn't take someone to get in trouble to clean their own area. They should willingly want to keep there environment safe and healthy. Clean and Healthy environment will stop killing a lot of habitats for animals. Will also, stop polluting the air we breathe.

Keeps You Out Of Trouble

A big reason is it keeps young adults from doing wrong choices, and keeps them out of a lot of trouble. When your cleaning your occupied with what you are doing. Say you weren't Cleaning and someone ask, "Do you want to go smoke?" Sometimes young adults do or say things to impress a friend. Some people do it because of bullying or peer pressure. Peer pressure And bully is a bad habit for a lot of kids now. I don't fully understand what causes people to bully but, I have an idea. When your cleaning you usually don't think about what is happening out on the streets. You think about how good it makes you feel to clean your community.

It's The Right Thing To Want To Do

By doing Community Service will make you look good to other people. Some people think that when you do Community Service it's because you've done something bad. It don't always happen like that. Some times you even get rewarded for a good deed. A good deed is something that people will cherish you, because you helped save our environment by cleaning it up. I would personally free willingly want to clean up our surroundings.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME

Feb.2,2011