Firstly, I disagree because some kids around here may not have the money to do a sport, when you do a sport you have to buy the pants,shoes,the shirt everything that goes with that sport you'll need to buy for the activity or sport. But I do recommend trying to find something to do out of school so your not In your house all day long,but do something that you don't have to pay for, for example help out with a church group or ask people to walk there dogs stuff like that. Anyways i disagree most families out here in the real world don't have much money to spend money on everything your going to need for that activity that your going to do,now if you talk to the school or a teacher an tell them that you really would like to try this sport or this activity maybe they'll help you out with paying for the things but most of the time schools aren't very good with helping you with things like that.

Secondly, some kids may have to watch there brother or sister because there parents have to work or just maybe they only have one mom or just one dad. We never know what might happen if we leave them at their house by themselves. For example one time when I use to live In this big white house when I was younger my mom left to go work so I decide to go to a friends place that wasn't very far from my house so I left them there by themselves,my friend decide to pull up a stop sign but I wasn't involved someone saw her do it an called the cops on us,next thing you know the cops was there then I got in trouble because I've left my brother and sister at home with no one there to watch them. So thats why students should have a choice to not do a sport or a activity, so they don't have to leave their siblings at there house by themselves.

finally, most kids like sports and doing fun activities but I've known some kids and people that don't like to do sports or fun activities. The reason Is I've seen kids get Into big fights over who's going to go first an this an that,thats part of the reason some kids don't get out much to do things but the other reason Is maybe they feel like they'll get judge by what they look like or how they dress trust me i understand that problem. The other thing is sometimes kids have to get a job to help pay bills and get food on the table because there mother Isn't making much money so they have to go get a job and help there mother with stuff they need. People all around the world have to do these things It's sad that they have to but they got to do what they have to do. So that Is why i disagree students should have a say In this to not just the principal.