Have you ever just gotten home from school and had nothing to do, most likely became bored very quickly. This is may be because you don't participate in any after-school activities. These activities can range from yearbook to sports in or out of school. All students should be involved with extracurricular activities because they're most likely to become more involved with their school, it gives them a chance to be more social, and they get to be more active after school.

Students that are doing extracurricular activities tend to become more involved with their school. Being in these activities gives them a chance to get to know the people in their learning environment. Studies have show that every student who gets into activities are performing better in school and receive better grades. When I got involved with extracurricular activities I felt more welcome in my school environment because I could recognize more faces around me. So I'm assuming that other students would feel this way too once they join an after school activity.

When joining an after school activity you get a chance to meet more people and make new friends. Students that have joined activities are more willing to talk in class and ultimately become more confident. It feels better when you know more people at or around your school. Extracurricular activities give you a chance to be more social. Which is good for you, allowing you to express yourself in ways that you might not have felt comfortable doing before because you didn't know anyone around you.

Each after-school activity is different but most allow students to be active. This is great for kids who have a lot of energy but can't get it out during the school day. We all know most schools have kids sit around all day but according to specialists this isn't good for development because it doesn't allow students who learn better when using their hands or moving around get that chance. Which is okay because some activities let the students move around whilst learning. Of course there are extracurricular activities such as sports that allow these students to play and run after school as well.

Some people may think that extracurricular activities aren't necessary for all children but that isn't the case. There is a wide variety of activities that can fit any persons interests, whether they enjoy chess or track and field. So I want you to make a difference in your school and join an after school activity it may be fun, you might make new friends, or get more involved in or around your school. Everybody I know that has joined an extracurricular activity has enjoyed it so much they wish they had though to join them earlier on. These activities open up this new version of yourself that allows you to be you.