Dear Reader,

Students should be aloud to bring cell phones to school. there might be troubles going on at home and they need a way to get a-hold of that student quick and easy.

I agree to the fullest extent that cell phones at schools is very appropriate. Yeah they are a distraction but they can leave them in their pocket and turn the ringer off. It is not that big of a deal to have a cell phone at school its just the teachers make it a big deal which angers the students.

All teens have cell phones there life revolves around them. You cannot just take them away if they have them out. I mean a break is the right time to have your cell phone out. As long as before class you turn them off. I am very sure that when you where our age and you had a cell phone you would have wanted to use them at school. so all i am trying to say is that cell phones are what students need at break and lunch or any free time.

I think that the school board should really reconsider letting students have their cell phones at school. It would be really helpful for then to contact their family relatives and their friends. so being able to do that will help them out a bunch. And yeah they can go off but all you have to do is make them turn it off when they enter the door and put them in a tub and get them back after class.

That is a great idea!!! you can have a meeting with the school board and talk to them about letting teachers do that so that cell phones will not be a problem during class periods so they that both sides get something and can be happy that way there is no fuss. I think that is what we need because, teenagers these days need their cell phones but they also need an education. so both end of the bargain get a good deal :D<3

So cell phones being aloud at school is a good idea. I mean they are not allowed now and look how many kids text during class and bring them anyways. So it would be best to make a new rule that benefits everyone so no one is left out of the bargain. CELL PHONES SHOULD TOTALLY 100% BE ALLOWED AT SCHOOL DURING ANY FREE TIME ANY STUDENT HAS!!!!! Except during class:)

thank you for reading this.

GOOD BYE! THE END! i <3 STUDENT_NAME:P