The Face on Mars was not made from an ancient alian civilization. We have proof of this because our cameras are ten times sharper than the cameras we had to orginally photograph the face, the shadows just create an illusion that the formation is a face, and the Face on Mars has been confirmed to just be a mesa.

The first photo we had of the Face on Mars was taken in 1976 by Viking 1, which would not have had the most advanced cameras. The photo is blurry and unclear, not a very reliable source to base alien belief on. Even the photo in 1998, "snapped a picture ten times sharper than the orginal Viking phtos." Compare the photo from 1976 to the photo taken in 2001. The 2001 photo clearly shows that the Face on Mars is in fact not a face at all. Any belief that the Face on Mars was created by aliens should now be wiped away because of how clearly the photo shows that the Face is just a landform.

When the original photos were taken in 1976, there was the illusion that there was a face staring right back at the Viking 1. Shadows around the Face created this illusion that made it look like and Egyptian Pharaoh. When the 1976 photo was released for people to see, the caption read, "huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." Even the experts immediately recognized the Face on Mars as just a natural landform with shadows.

Though some people believed the Face was an alien artifact, this theory is disproved quickly because in truth the Face on Mars is just a mesa. The Face on Mars is in the area of Mars known as Cydonia. Cydonia is known for having lots of Martian mesas. Martian mesas are very similar to mesas or buttes found in the American West. Chief scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program Jim Garving quotes, "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho." Which is a lava dome the takes the form of an isolated mesa, and is approximately the same hight as the mesa known as the Face on Mars.

Though some theorists still believe that the Face on Mars was created by aliens, it turns out to be just a Martian equivalent of a mesa. This is proved true by the advanced camera quality, the proof that it was just shadows creating the illusion that the Face on Mars was actually a face, and the fact that the Face has been confirmed to just be a mesa.