Today in this essay, im going to tell you why we should us this on students. The should also use them on not only on the students, This new technology should be used on the teachers and staff as well.

The main reason i believe this should be used in schools, is to see how the students reaction is the they way teachers are teaching them. Think about it. If most of the students are 80 percent bored, 10 percent happy, and 10 percent angry because they aren't learning in a way they should in schools then, it might be time for change. The teachers should expirement with this new age technology. As they try to change there teaching style, they can use the facial reconizion to see if most student like they way he or she is teaching. If this were to be in schools then, the studend could be more like Mona Lisa, 83 percent happy, 9 percent discusted 6 percent ferful and 2 percent angry.

Not only should the students have to use it, the teachers should have to use it as well. Some people might wonder " Why would the teachers have to use it, they aren't the ones learning?" Ill tell you why they should have to us this facial emotion dector. If the teachers are grumpy all the time or, if they aren't happy at there carrer, they need fired. Now tell me this. If the teachers are always mad and hate there job, how do you expect the students to learn if the teacher is mad all the time. They'll just throw a paper at them and tell them to work. With this new equipment, you can use it to see if a teacher is happy. You can see if the teacher can make the class fun so the students will be happy.

In conclusion, I believe that the emothion reader should be in schools. This should be used not only for the students but, for the teachers as well. If the teacher isnt happy the teacher is always mad, the kids will be unhappy and bored in class. The student won't get the quality education that they could've from the start. Thank ypu for taking time out of your day to read my essay and, have a wonderful day.         