Do you think students will have time to do at lest one extracurricular activity after reading this? Doing an extracurricular activity might not always bring good things to students. This can affect students in a lot of ways with other things they do after school. I disagree that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students might not have time, they can have other activities after school, and students can get stressed and tired.

To begin with, one reason why students should not participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students might not have time. Students will not have time to do their homework after school. They might not have time to finish a project they been signed or to study for a test. Students will not have time to go out and hang out with their friends or spend time with their families. For example, students will not have time to eat dinner with their families.

Next, another reason why students should not participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students might already do other activities after school. Students might already participate in after school sport but no play a school sport. If students are 15 years or older they can start working and some students might want a easy after school job. They probably want to do other fun and enjoyable activities after school. For example, take dance classes or instrument classes.

In addition, another reason why students should not participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students can get stressed and tired. If students get stressed their grades can go down and their parents can get mad. Students can get tired and sleepy in class and teachers will keep on saying, "keep your head up" during class. It will be hard for students to keep up with their work in class for example, they will not finish on time.

Finally, students will not have time to finish their homework or projects they have and no time to be will their families and friends. They will want to do other fun and enjoyable activities after school like other classes. If students do get into a extracurricular activity they can get stressed or tired and their grades might go down. This are the three reasons why students should not participate in at least one extracurricular activity after school.