Although simple technology doesn't obtain the availability of emotion or feelings, the Facial Action Coding is a valuable resource in the classroom enviornment. If there could be something that helps us better the next generation, why deny that? Why push away something that is only bettering the world?

In the clsssroom a simple tacher can't determine when every single student is confused or getting bored besides the simple fact of asking them. Even then, the students will deny they are confused in fear of fellow students picking on them. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... Then could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." The Facial Action Coding can save the teacher time in trying to figure out who is bored and who is confused, in the end helping out both the student and the teacher.

This technology can be useful in any situation. People don't always share their emotion out loud. We are forced to see how people are feeling simply by their facial expressions, which is sometimes hard to read. Often times people will hide thier emotons by forcing an opposite facial expression for the pleasure of someone else. Wouldn't it just be eaiser to have something that did it for you? " Most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried. ect." People are forced to read others emotion by their facial expressions which is one of the hardest things to do.

This technology can help so many things in more ways than one. With this technology there could be more realistic virtual things. "The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive-for video games or video surgery." With the Facial Action Coding we are only making the world better, it isn't doing any harm so why not use it? The main goal of every school is to make sure that every student has a safe learning enviornment and to make sure that they have the best resources to help them become the next president or the next surgeon isn't it? This is the best resource so why keep it from them?

Our main purpose should be to make the next generation better than the last. If the Facial Action Coding can help do that, then that is what needs to happen.               