Imagine this you're in a very populated city. Lets say New York, New York, U.S.A, London, England or any densily populated  city for that matter. Now aside from the sounds of car horns blairing and the sounds of the thousands of people around you there is one thing that would most likely stand out the most to people; the smell of car emissions mixed with the food street venders sell. Now they may not be a huge surprise but think about this, a city or suburb without cars. Now some may say that limiting the use of cars is a terrible idea and would hurt the working call citizens, but it may be better then you think. The reasons why these "car-free" places might not be so bad is it helps reduse the growing percent of greenhouse gas emissions that cars give off. You wouldn't have to deal with smog, and there wouldn't be as much noise pollution as there is with cars. Yeah these points may not seem like they are worth not having a car but there are comminties that actully don't allow cars because of those reasons. So maybe after this you may think a little differently about your car and may think about moving to one of these places that have alread choosen to go "car-free".

First off, probably like most people around the world you love your car, bt do you ever think about the car emission you admit into the air just driving to worl and back home. Now that does seem bad but, as shown in paragraph 5 of,

"In German Suburb, Life Goeson Without Cars",

an essay by Elisabeth Rosenthal, she writes that experts say the passsenger cars alone are reponsible for about 12 percent in Europe, and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the U.S for greenhouse gas emissions. Now 12 percent doesnt seem like a lot compared to the 50 percent but that is still a lot of greehouse gases getting put in our atmosphere year after year.

Now think about this idea of a "car-free" suburb or city again. An example of this kin of place would be the city of Vauban, Germany. Now in Vauban drive ways and home garages are forbidden; now car ownership is allowed but there are about two places to park. Now that place to park is a large garagw at the edge of the developement where as well as buying your house you have to buy a parking space for $40,000. Now because of this 70 percent of the families don't have cars and 57 percent of them sold their car to move there. Since there aren't car used here the air is much cleaner and because of not having little to no cars there they don't pollute the air.

Secondly, another reason to think about moving to one of the places is that there isn't any noise pollution from cars. Beause of the lack of car noiseses these suburbs and cites let you hear nature a little better and also allow a kind of peaceful feeling making these p;aces probably a lot more chill and "sleepy" in a since. making them good for people who don't want to live in a noisy city but don't want to live in the middle of no where.

Lastly, another good reason to move to these little areas would be that there is no smog there to make it harder to breath. A real world example of this would be from the informative essay, "

Paris bans driving due to smog"

, by Robert Duffer. Which basically states that due to near-record pollution Paris put a ban on driving to try and clear the air in the city. Now to help inforce the ban the put a 22-euro fine($31) if you where driving on a day your licsens plate was not allowed to drive. Now because some people did follow the ban nearly 4,000 people were fined and 27 people had cars impounded because of the reaction to the fine. Now because of this some companies complained about lost renvenue and the transit of free of charge according to the BBC. And because of these efforts the smog cleared enought that the ban was lifted. Now that probably isn't very convinet but in car-free areas they don't have to deal with making it eariser to get to work on more accessible public transportation options like a bus or a bicycle.

Now think about this idea about car-free places one more time knowing what the benifits are compared to the risks you get. Maybe noe you just might look at these places a little more carefully and acually think about making a switch to live there in this greenhouse gas free, noise free, and smog free zone.                                                                            