Hello there my name is Generic_Name and I was wondering if you think students would actually attend the class from home rather than a public or private school? Well i'm going to tell you how I feel about it because I can imagine half of the students not taking it as serious as others would. Most students would actually attend the classes and taking it serious so they can get their education on time. Half of the students wouldn't take it serious because they are at home and feel like they can just do anything because there's no teacher in their face. More students would do it because they feel more comfortable and safe at home doing work than in school. The students are going to take it as a joke and lack because they aren't with their friends.

Most students would actually attend the classes and take it serious so they can get their education on time. The students who actually take it serious are going to graduate on time and also be something they always wanted to be in life. A lot of parents would make their child do the work so they won't be a failure in life. The ones who take it serious wouldn't be behind on the work because they are actually attending the class on time. I would allow kids to do the work at home because they can focus more and really do the work and turn it in on time. The parents shouldn't allow them to have no tech time until their work is actually done and turned in.

Half of the students wouldn't take it serious because they are at home and feel like they can just do anything because there's no teacher in their face. A lot of students would fail because they feel like they can just do anything they want to do. Most of the students would not do any work. A lot of students would just be lazy and sit in the bed and do no work and not graduate on time with their friends. I feel like the classes at home should be mandatory so all students can graduate on time instead of being a failure in life.

More students would do it because they feel more comfortable and safe at home doing work than in school. The students sometimes don't feel safe around other's because of how they act. More students feel more comfortable and safe at home because they know their environment more. All students don't feel the same at school because some feel more violated than other's. Everybody can work in different environments than other's. More young people like to work in quiet and alone places because they can focus on the work and also feel safe.

Most students would actually attend the classes and take it serious so they can get their education on time. Half of the students wouldn't take it serious because they are at home and feel like they can just do anything because there's no teacher in their face. More students would do it because they feel more comfortable and safe at home doing work than in school. I'll rather work at home because I feel like i can focus more better and actually do the work. Certain kids would rather do it at school than home because the teacher can explain the work more better in person.