In "The challenge of Exploring Venus" the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The author gives alot of examples and support on why venus should be explored. Although the dangers might be to dangerous for anyone to physically be on it, the author shows how we can avoid making contact on the planet and how we could gather information of the planet. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author gives us many examples on how NASA can study Venus without being harmed.

The author mentions all of the dangers Venus comes with. For example, the author mentions the atmosphere being 97 percent carbon dioxide. (paragragh 3 line 1). In this case the crew on the ship will have to be very careful because if they are exposed to the carbon dioxide in the atomosphere, they will suffocate to death. Another danger the author mentions is the planets surface tempeture and the atmospheric pressure. The surface is 800 degree's Fahrenheit and the stmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on Earth. These dangers are very serious and will be very harmful if any human comes in contact with it. After naming all of the dangers Venus presents, the author gives many examples on how to solve the issues.

In the story, the author supports his idea of studying venus by listing examples on how to avoid the dangers. For example, he mentions how NASA is compelling an idea for humans to study Venus. NASA's compromise is to allow scientists to float above the planet. The author gives us readers a mental picture by having us imagine the scientists floating about the surface of Venus studying the atmosphere and the surface itself. The author lists how the scientists would feel in the blimp like vehicle icluding the tempeture and pressure level but states they would be able to survive the climate.

NASA is also working on some electronics to withstand the pressure and heat of Venus. For example, NASA has made elctronics out of silicon carbide, which has been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface, that can withstand the climate for three weeks. That would be enough time to gather the information the scientists need and return the gadgets home safely. Another project is looking back at old technology called mechanical computers. These computers were used in the 1940's during World War II. These computors are ran by gears and levers and does not require any other electronics. This importanat computer can be very helpful because it can withstand the heat and pressure in the atmospher of Venus. These examples can help persude other scientists to want to do research on Venus and not be effected by the other dangers.

In conclusion, the author showed me that studying Venus is worthy enough to study. The author lists many percautions on how to prepare for the rough climate the scientists will face. The examples the author gives on how NASA is working on getting scientists on venus with new technology is phenaminal. The author gives us a life lesson by stating that dangers in the world should not hold anyone back and that people need to get out and explore. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author gives the readers many examples on how NASA can study Venus without being harmed.                  