Distance learning is a learning process that can be made online providing students with an alternative way to learn. Furthermore, you will be able to attend class from home or any place of your choosing outside of a classroom. Learning from home is a less productive way to learn, considering the different adjustments students have to make that can affect their grades.

Being lazy is a strong gesture for humans noticing the fact procrastination and long breaks take an action on laziness. Working from home creates laziness. For an example, you get an assignment on your laptop that involves handwork and time, your first instinct is, "I will work on that later." It defeats the purpose of working online where once you get an assignment, your main priority is to work on that assignment until it's finished. However, working in the classroom gets work done immediately when its due because it is a higher chance that it will get forgotten about or incomplete. Laziness could take control of grades if working from home became an option for all students.

Listening to a teacher online than in person can differ with learning skills, meaning it will be easier to day dream while trying to perceive information through a screen. For instance, if you're on a computer staring at a screen with no interaction with the teacher, your mind will wonder simply because there will be no activities involved nor discussion with classmates. Working with a teacher online is not he best option pertaining to bad learning skills and maintaining information.

Working with others brings in new ideas. In addition, you may learn off of other people and obtain information from classmates rather than from a teacher. However, learning online prevents interaction with classmates because there is no option for face to face conversation with classmates online. Different assignments like public speaking is a huge aspect when going to school. Say you have an interview for a job, you have to speak to the boss in order to get the job. Though, you have no experience, so it may be difficult to exchange conversation with one another. Whereas going to school you have speaking assignments to prepare you for public speaking anywhere including higher education like college. Interacting with people is important as school experiences relate and connects with real life situations

Some people argue, online schooling is beneficial because it excludes distraction from friends. However, distance learning can cause a decrease in grades and be a less productive way to learn. Think about how students lives will be different if their only experience of learning was through a computer, their mindset would be different knowing their responsibilities differ from someone that goes to school.