Some years ago before my uncle became a doctor, I saw how he was struggling with anxiety attacks of too much studying time at medical school, but he noticed that he needed to do different activities to get distracted a little bit and at the same time get rid of all the stress. Every student participating at least in one extracurricular activity is a really good idea because they could do sports, get in book clubs or help around doing community service. If all the students would do extra activities , they're lives could be really different and better in many ways with variations of experiences and less stress.

Students doing any sports would be really helpful for their health. Mostly every student at school is seating on a chair for hours and at home they are probably just also seating on the couch for more hours . A human body needs to move and do some exercise to have a good health. Sports are really a good ting that makes your body feel or have some changes just like on teens they're metabolism makes them get taller or develop their bodies. Even if the students do just 20 minutes a day stills helpful for them.

Book clubs are something really interesting and fun for students to do. Do you ever just feel like your mind needs a break? Well books are the best option as a break , they take you to many different places around the world even places that dont even exist without moving from anywhere you are at. You can find new adventures, drama, romance and some things you never experienced; just like transferring your mind to another world, and distracting you from your regular life. Making you have and enjoy some good time without going somewhere. In the book clubs you can discuss with people about all those thoughts you have about what you just read, and could also find someone that thinks the exact same things as you.

Doing community service not only helps others, it also helps you! You might be asking yourself right now how? Well, helping your community it's teaching you as a student how important cooperation is , helping others brings you happiness, and that feeling of how responsible you are becoming. Also, community service helps students a lot with credits for an advanced diploma or even a scholarship for college. If you never have helped your community thinking is nothing fun, you should consider it as a extracurricular activity that you can do.

Every student should do an extracurricular activity after schools so theyre body and mind can have an productive break. Any type of activity helps you and relax's you when need a break. Choose something to do that you like and after school finishes then do everything you can in that time.