In society, students can learn in many different environments and on many different platforms. People can learn in places such as school, while traveling, or at home. Although many claim that learning at home would help students grow as individuals because they have more freedom, students would not benefit from attending classes at home because there would be a lack of social experience, people's days would be less structured, and there would be more distractions.

To begin with, without school there is a strong lack of social encounters with others. School can be a fantastic way to make friendships, and learn at the same time. For example, a student could be struggling with the information to know for a test. With the help of another student, they could both learn the material and create a bond of friendship that could last a lifetime. However, if a student were to take online classes or video conferencing they would not step out of their comfort zones to meet other people. Without seeing others everyday, students would start to feel very lonely. Therefore, grades would drop because of the feeling of discouragement in their social lives. When students stay at home and do not see fellow students, their days would become long and tedious.

In addition, when students do not have school, their days are less structured. Without certain times for classes and school, there would be less focus for academics. An example of this is if a student were doing online school and decides to sleep in every morning. When they wake up later every weekday, they would have less time for schoolwork. This would cause laziness and stress due to the change in time and schedule. Also, with online school there is no school sponsored extracurricular activities to structure people's days. When students have activities to attend to after school, they are motivated to get their work done and are excited throughout the day. Without an activity, the students will believe they have more time and accidentally overlook the online schoolwork. When the pupils are busier, they are forced to block their time to get work done and are more focused.

Therefore, when learning at home students would be more distracted. While learning with video conferencing or online school, students have the options of TV, books, movies, and access to phones. These would distract from learning, and potentially cause cheating because no one is watching the students to make sure they are following an honor code. For example, a student could be learning online and takes a break because they are bored of working. A five minute break can turn into an hour and prevent learning with no teachers to watch over the student. However, if a student was learning at school they would have less of the distracting luxuries that we use at home. With proctors and teachers that want the best for the students, when using traditional methods for learning the pupils grow as individuals.

In conclusion, students would not benefit from learning at home because they will be less socially advanced in society, there would be less structure of the pupil's days, and the students would be distracted from their schoolwork. When online seminars and classes become a part of a child's day to day life, society will advance less over time. However, if people continue to send their children to schools, the new adults will have social skills, academic intelligence, and will be fantastic additions to the world.