The technology use to read emotional expressions of students can be valuable. The reasons why i think this is because if you can calculate emotions you can see from all the emotions like, happiness, surprise, anger, digust ,fear and sadness. All of these have their own facial muscles. Like when your surprised your eyebrows rise which is your frontalis par lateralis muscle. Another reason why this might be valuable is people who have emotion problems. It can help doctors determine weather its a muscle that isn't working properly or some kind of nerve. It can be helpful to people who are depressed some people may have trouble showing their emotions. They can show a web ad and ifyou smile, a similar ad migh follow. Which that is very true. Some people aren't intrested in things as others are. A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. This is also an amazing thing for the perfessors out there and teachers. Some students are shy and won't go up or raise there hand for help. I was like this all the way up to my sophmore year of highschool and that isn't very good. That's why some students are struggling at this very moment. Their confused, needing help but won't speak up. Knowing one or more of your students are confused will help you. People can tell by your expressions what and how you are feeling. By trying to see if someone is trustful look at how they smile. The mouth being stretched using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. Faces don't lie to you. It satisfying how when practicing or moving your facial muscles not only express emotions, but also may help produce them. Puttingna smile on your face will help you alway be happy and keep one on your face. It crazy how much you can learn by just reading something with so much science you never would have known. This computer device will help to determine what makes a person feel the way they feel which is a brilliant idea. Because not only is it useful for entertainment but also for serious problems or issues. I agree that the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is very valuable.   