Have you ever tried to make a decision on whether or not you should do something? Did you ask for others opinions? In most cases of this people don't ask for others opinions because it makes them think that they are very wrong and are afraid of what will happen if they get different views. This could be true but it would also be better to ask for different views because it can sway you away from doing something bad that could change your life forever. This is why more than one view can help you make the right decision, you open your mind to more than one point of view, it can help you ask for others opinions more, and it can help you with your work later in life.

Opening your mind to more than one point of view can help you make the right decision in a few ways, such as being able to hear the consequences of what will happen if you do it. Another way it helps to make the right decision, is that it helps you to see if that is something that you would or if it something someone that you wish you were would do. This means that logically and for your own protection it would benefit you to get more than one point of view.

By getting more than one point of view it can help you to see that asking for peoples' opinions is better. This can help you in many ways, because it can help you to see making decisions by yourself may not always be the logistical thing to do. Another way it helps you, is you see that others have experiences with these things and you can learn from others and the way they see, hear, and interpret things they hear and know. That is why asking for others opinions help you to make better decisions throughout your whole life.

Another reason that having more than one point of view can help, is later in life for work you must be able to hear others opinions and be able to process them to be more successful. With this you must be able to be a good listener which helps when you start off by already being used to hearing other peoples' ideas. It will also help you with work because you will be able to have more experiences when other people ask for your opinion on a topic. Lastly, it helps you be more open to new ideas for your work and other things that will be in your everyday life. This is how it will help in your work later in life.

This is why more than one view can help you make the right decision, you open your mind to more than one point of view, it can help you ask for others opinions more, and it can help you with your work later in life. You may have already heard people talking about this, but it really will help you make better decisions because you will hear many ways that it could go wrong or go right. That is why hearing more than one opinion can help you make the right choice in different situations