Does your principle want all the children in your school to participate in at least one extra curricular activity? Well mine does and I completely agree. Extra curricular activities can be a very good thing for a student. If a student participates in at least one curricular activity it will be like opening a door that leads to a whole new world. They will be able to do so many amazing things like making new friends, participating in sports, which help the student to get a good amount of exercise, and students may find new interests that they may have never even thought of and which could possibly be something they think is suitable for their future life.

Making new friends is a huge part of every person's life. And you can make many with extra curricular activities. Friends are important for everyone because they support you all the time and they try their best to help you. With friends you can do so much more than without. Also, true ones are always going to be there for you. All the good friends that you will make in these extra curricular activities will make it so much more joyful and it will make you feel happier than ever.

In extra curricular activities, students may want to participate in sports. Sports are good for everyone because they help you get a good amount of exercise. Exercise is important for all students because it will make sure that they stay fit and healthy. Sports can be very fun and enjoyable. You will learn all about teamwork and why it is important. This is why doing a sport as an extra curricular activity can be important.

With extra curricular activities, you will most likely find one that creates a path for your interest straight to it. You may even find something that you never thought of, and possibly an activity you may find suitable for your future self. Extra curricular activities.

There is a huge variety of extra curricular activities that students can participate in. There is also a huge variety of what you can actually do in those extra curricular activities. Students can make a lot of new friends, take part in sports, and find an interest they didn't expect of. Students may even find an activity and possibly think about pursuing a job in the future related to that like computer programming. So, students should take at least one extra curricular activity.