What are your thoughts and opinions about how the face of Mars was formed? According to the article, Mars is just a naturally occuring thing, that was created by a nartural landfrom, not by aliens. For a while, many scientists believed that the face on Mars was actually an alien artifact,

but, on April 5, 1998 Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Mailin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture, ten times better than the original Viking photos. Tons and tons of anxious wb searchers were waiting for the first image to appear on a JPL wedsite, although it finally revealed what was known as a natural landform (land formed by natural causes and natural ways) unfortunatly, there was no alien monument after all this time. Even after finding out it was just a natural landform, astronauts still didnt give up on looking for more artifacts, so on April 8th 2001, on a cloudless summer day in Cydonia, Mars's Global Surveyor drew in close enough for a second look,

Malins team captured an extrordinary picture using the cameras new "absolute maximum resolution" Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to fourty three meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking picture. "as a rule of thumb, you can discern things into a digital three image, times bugger than the pixel size, so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian style pyramids or even really small shacks, you could see what they were. But, what the picture really turned out to be is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, landforms commonly around in the

American

West.

"it reminds me of most of the Middle Butte in the

Snake

River Plain of Idaho," said Garvin. "That is a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face of Mars." So,

according to the story "unmasking the face on mars", Mars is not an alien artifact, it is indeed created by natural forms of life and it is just a natural landform, now do you believe me?