When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Some people are great at giving advice while others are not. When I ask for advice, I go to my 3 closest friends. I think it is a good idea to talk to multiple people when asking for advice. Seeking multiple people for opinions or advice can help, for it will reduce stress, have more choices to choose from, and receive wise words.

To begin with, when someone is going through a situation where they do not know what to do, they will start having a lot of stress on them. stress is not a really good feeling, it can make your head hurt or make you over think about things. For example, when I am going through a situation where I am confused or do not know what to do, I start stressing out and worry a lot. So I go to multiple people for advice and it calms me down a bit and everything is almost back to normal. Getting advice from at least 3 or 4 people will reduce the stress and make the situation better.

Also, going to multiple people for advice will give person more choices to choose from. Going to one person is not bad but when the advice they give is a little bit sketchy or have a feeling that it is not the correct way to go then, going with more than one is better. having more choices to choose from is always a good situation. Sometimes it is hard to choose which is better but at least the advice is good. It is like a multiple choice question on a test where you have 4 or more choices to choose from and one is the correct answer out of all of them.

However, going to one more person for advice is not good all the times. He or She will probably try to give bad advice while making it seem like it is good or will go tell others about the situation. I have been in that situation once where a person I asked advice for told people and then everyone knew. There are some people to trust and others to not trust.

On the contrary, seeking for advice from other will also help with getting some wise words or a good talk about the situation. When a person gets some type of wisdom received from someone else, it will make them think on what they did and why they should not do it again. From experience, I stopped doing some things because someone gave me a wise lecture on them. Not all the time will someone get some wise words or lecture but it does help here and there. An adult or parent can help with wise words because they always give good advice most of the time with a wise lecture.

In conclusion, seeking advice from multiple people will help out a lot. The more advice a person seeks, the more they learn and know. Advice will always help with making better choices in life. It is not a bad idea to always seek from help or advice from someone, even if the situation is not a a big deal. So, seeking multiple people for opinions or advice can help, for it will reduce stress, have more choices to choose from, and receive wise words.