Do you ever wonder why the world is becoming so much warmer by the minute? Not many people stop and realize what's the real problem. Us humans are the major problem in this situation, we don't see that we are taking what we have to an advantage. To our factories, cars, or even trash. The main one that is causing our greenhouse gases to rise is our Power plants, but following behind the power plants are vehicles. Cars have become a major impact in our lives, from hurting one another, to hurting the place we live on. Car-free cities are going to help make a big, helpful change in peoples lives.

In the city of Vauban, Germany 70 percent of the families do not own a car. Vauban is called a "car-free" place, cars aren't allowed on the streets of vauban. Many people sold their cars to live in vauban, all around vauban wants a healthy way of living. Vauban allows car ownership, but the cars are only to be parked in two places which are the garages. "When I had a car i was always tense, I'm much happier this way," Heidrun Walter said. It is a much healthier and less stressful way of living, new ideas will always come in handy. The United States Enviromental Protection Agency is promoting "Car Reduced" communities. Hopefully they get someone to tag along with this promotion, and get supporters to enforce it.

Bogota, Colombia is going on their third straight year of a "Car Free" city. They are wanting to reduce smog, so buses and taxis are permitted. "It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," Carlos Arturo claimed. There was a consequence to the ones who didn't follow the rules, which was a $25 fine that they had to pay each time. Eventually, Two other Cities in Colombia, Cali and Valledupar, latched on to the idea of a "Car reduction." You see many people walking, running, riding bikes or skateboarding. A lot of people like this new idea that people are going by,  it's an great way to step foward to save the earth and its problems.

Over time, Americans haven't been buying cars, driving less, and over years less people get their license. America is hitting its driving peak, The number of miles driven peaked in 2005 and then decreased signifigantly since then. Not many can afford a brand new car, or the insurance, most people are unemployed and dont work at all. Cars have been around for a long time, but over that time period it has caused major life impacting issues. "Different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a long-term cultural shift," said mimi sheller. Many people aren't aware of this "Car Free" idea, which is an disadvantage.  If this idea was spread through televison, newspapers, or even social media many people will pick it up and take it into consideration.

In an overall sum up, it is better to live "Car Free." You wouldn't have to stress yourself out about gas prices, fixing your cars, or your world becoming a big ball of heat. If Transportation and power plants are the two major impacts in our lives, we need to knock one out. Until, we can get some second options on power plants our best choice is to forbid cars. We have many other options to get around our city, running, walking, riding bikes or etc. The "Car Free" idea is very creative, not many people would take inisuative to help make the world a better and safer place. With an exception of a few, buses and taxis will be there for long distance trips. Cars caused a huge impact on our lives, but hurting us and our home which we call earth. The business plan is "pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve saftey." Think of all the advantages cars have given, but think about all of the disadvantages the cars have showed. Which one out weighs the other? Cars aren't always there to help us, life is all about choices, it's time to make yours.    