Having to do school work over the summer? Summer assignments is a great way for students to not forget everything they learned over the school year. If a student goes from June to September without reviewing their course material from the previous years, they are bound to forgetting lots of important information. Students have very creative minds and should be able to come up with their own way of studying or going over past information. Teacher designed assignments can force students to do unnecessary research which can waste a lot of time. Summer projects should be student designed because it allows each student to put their time in to something that interests them, teachers can learn more about their future students, and teacher designed projects sometimes dis encourage students to complete them.

There is nothing better in school or in life when you are interested in a subject. It is much easier to pay attention and a lot more information that sticks with you. Doing a lot of research into a topic your not interested in is more or less a waste of time. A project led by a student could influence others to a career choice. Having to do work is never fun especially in summer but if students get to be creative they can find a topic which makes it more enjoyable. Teacher designed projects limits students into following certain formats and structures which limits the thought process being taken into place thinking about the project. Once again interesting topics lead to better productivity and work which is why students need to design their own projects.

Forming relationships as a teacher is something that can change a students life forever. There are many kids in today society who feel like they don't belong or fit in. Knowing and appreciating someone the smallest can impact them more than someone can imagine. A student who creates their own project or structure will definitely tell you something about them. Engaging students with each others work is important to show the passion one may have for what they made. Student designed projects open up the opportunity to really show how much a subject matters and what can be done to change a way in society that is failing. Teachers knowing more about their students is important for students to want to come to class and for teachers to know when someone is not appearing to be feeling their normal selves.

Teacher designed projects are usually straight forward. When a student designs a project they complete much more work. Now I would say that if the students are below 5th grade having teacher designed projects is the better option due to most students at that level not being educated enough to think outside of the box. Regardless learning will take place on both sides and that students will dive deep enough into a subject to break the ice. Relationships will form from students bonding over ideas and sharing them with each other.

When the question "should a teacher or student design a summer project?" comes up, I am aware that both sides has an argument but that students designing it is way more impactful to themselves and others. Career choices can easily be introduced while just selecting a topic. Forcing students to be oppurtunitive and aware student designed projects open it all up and enable them to select something that is interesting and important. Teacher designed projects are good when there is not a lot of time but having the whole summer gives each student many hours to work on an design their own masterpiece.