Ever scence the invintion of cars people have been making advancements and modifications all to revolutionize them and make them better than the last model. Well what if I told you that the next model you buy might even drive itself? With todays technology self driving cars are no longer just the fantasy of a persons imagination. Self driving cars exist right now in fact google has had self driving cars scence 2009. Don't get the wrong idea however, the self driving cars have a ways to go before they hit the streets of America.

Cars that drive without the use of humans will have a much bigger impact than just not having to remotly drive it. A resurcher named Sergey Brin envisions a future with fleets of self driving cars transporting the public. Humans will no longer need to buy cars wich could save a lot of money for ordanary people who dont have alot of it. With less human driven cars Sergey foresees that the fuel used will be half of what is used today. That will have a huge impact on our environment and natural resources. Having to import less fuel means that America can spend that big chunk of money some were else.

The self driving cars of the future will be equiped with the latiest and greatiest technology. Todays cars already have radars that can stop your car from backing up into an object or even emergancy stop for you. Motion sensors can now beam lasers that form a constantly updating 3D model of the cars surroundings. A self driving car could use those 3D images to know when there is on coming trafic, See road blocks up ahead and even stop if a deer were to run out into the road.

Some people do not like the idea of a self driving car because it takes the controle out of there own hands. The Self driving cars that are currantly in use right now still give the driver controle over the vehicle. The cars even need some human help. The cars have been equiped to tell the driver to take over when human help is requred. Some cars will have a vibrating seat or flash light on the wind shield, or the car might even just tell you to take over.

Over all a self driving car in my opinion would be a helpfull thing. Once all the bugs are worked out and proper laws are made total human controled cars will be a thing of the past.