Dear Steve Southerland,

Believe it or not there's people in our country who go out and vote and dont even know that there's something called the Electoral College , much less know what it is! The Electoral College is a compromise between election of the president by a vote in Congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens established by the founding fasthers in our constitution. There's been a debate going on in our country for years over weather or not we should keep the Electoral College or do away with the whole thing. Everybody has the right to voice their personal opions on the subject and im writing you to voice my opion. Sure yeah, i bet you get millions of letters like these coming into your office everyday. But I think you would really enjoy mine considering the fact the fact that your reading this so there must not be anything exciting going on in that big office of yours.

My personal opion intake on it is all is to get rid of it. People in America need to wake up and realize what is really going on in the world around them today." The Electoral College is widely regarded as an anachronism a non-democratix method of selecting a president thatr ought to be overruled." America is suppose to be a country the people run, a democracy. Many people seem to think that when they go to the polls their voting for our president when in reality their not. Instead what they're voting for is actually a slate of electors. Downside to that is that voters cant always contol whom their electors vote for. "The single best argument aginst the elctoral college is what we might call the disaster factor."

What does Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole,The U.s Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO all have in common? They all agree on abolishing the Electoral College! They're not alone according to a Gallup poll taken in 2000, over 60% of voters would perfer a direct election. The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational.

From,

Wewahitchka High School Student                     