Dear State Senator,

I believe that something should be brought to your attention. I'm concerned about the way we are handling the current election process of presidency. You see, at the moment we-us Americans-use the Electoral College. But it is becoming a major issue. I understand that "the founding fathers established it in the Constitution." But "The Electoral College consists of 538 electors." Why focus all of our time choosing Electors, when we could be allowing citizens to vote directly for their President themselves. Office of the Federal Register states,"The Electoral College consists of the selection of the electors." Did you realize that "a majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President"? We have millions of people in our country that could be doing the work themselves.

I understand that life is not always fair, but I do believe that as a State Senator you could use a hand. "The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party." They could use a helping hand as well! "The presidential election is held every four years." In those four years, American citizens wait eagerly and anxiously to choose a potential new president. Why don't we give the people what they want? "Most states have a 'winner-takes-all' system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate. However, Maine and Nebraska each have a variation of 'proportional representation.'" These complications could be avoided if we listened to what the citizens have to say and allowed them the freedom to vote for their president directly. America is the land of freedom after all, is it not Senator?

"According to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60% of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." A recent article by Bradford Plumer says,"It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. And the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best." Rather than worrying about "certainty of outcome", "everyone's president", "swing states", "big states", and "avoiding run-off elections", why not just let our beloved, fortunate, intelligent American citizens be happy and choose who they would prefer run their life?            