Working at home would rather than working in school is beneficial for students learning. Online classes help kids who like to work quickly on assignments and students who need more time on things. Working at home allows you to wake up any time and get your work done. Also distance learning is beneficial for students who get sick. Although students who don't have access to WIFI at home may be a problem. Overall being able to work from home is more beneficial for students.

First it is a fact that some students pick things up faster than others. Working at home would be good for both learners. The people who work faster can move quickly through assignments and get their things done. While the people who work slower can take there time and not feel pressured by other students. That feeling when you are the last one working on a quiz is not a good feeling. It just makes you feel like you need to hurry up an finish because everyone is finished. You won't need to worry about that when you are at home by youeself working.

Next waking up early in the morning and coming to school begins to get annoying. Some mornings you wake up with a lot of energy and are ready to go to school. And sometimes you just feel like laying in bed a little longer to get some more rest. With distance learning you can wake up at anytime and start your school work. And won't haft to worry about being late or missing the school bus.

Finally distance learning is beneficial for students when they are sick and stay home. Some students stay home so that they don't get other people sick. If they stay home they still can get their work done online. A great example for this is the current virus that is going around coronavirus. Staying at home will lower the rates of this virus spreading which means you have a lower chance of getting it. Distance learning will help you stay healthy and stay on top of your school work.

In conclusion distance learning is a very effective way to learn. And it is beneficial for students to be able to take classes from home. Schools should offer distance learning to all of their students. And distance learning is an great idea for many diffrent reasons.                    