We should keep with changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. Because it is logical and is very fair, these are my reasons why.

For one, it seems a lot more leveled out. The Electoral College is not as fair, because the electors help the president, the the president helps the electors. They could have past experience or an old relationship of some sort. Braford Plumer quotes, "The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational." He clearly says Electoral College needs to be abolished, over & done with. Because they don't have logical information on everything they do. And they only have practical reasoning, not liberal or conservative reasoning.

Next reason, their method is not bulletproof as they claim it to be. No method is perfect, but the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope in succeeding. Richard A. Posner quotes, "Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote..." He is saying the way the method is set up, makes it seem worthless to even vote for the person you choose or chose.

Finally, my last reason to why we should keep with changing to election by popular vote is confusion. The Electoral College is unfair to voters. Some candidates don't spend time in states the know they have no chance of winning because of the winner-take-all system. Richard A. Posner quotes, "During 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad." That is pretty selffish and ridiculously unfair.

However, having the election by popular vote has it's flaws as well. Such as the certainty of outcome. Electoral College having a dispute over the outcome of an election is possible, but it's less likely than the popular vote. Richard A. Posner quotes, "Because almost all states award elecroral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state."

He is simply stating that if there is a difficulty in the popular vote election, they have an electoral vote to choose the winner.

Those are my very important, detailed reasons why we should change to election by popular vote. Recap, fairness is important & is needed in any method, the Electoral College method is not as solid as they believe it to be, & all of the confusion the Electoral College puts off to some states.             