Throughout the world one out of a thousand students need help on their projects. There is an on going debate over students should complete summer projects to continue learning during their break. Those who disagree, student designed should not be a summer project state over thinking and not going to finish but this not true. Although some disagree, summer projects should be a teacher designed.

There are a variety of reasons why there should be a teacher designed project. One reason is that students have a guide. Teachers will give students directions that may help them with the project. For example, students might need to see how to do the project. Another reason is students can get done faster. For instance, teachers prioritize on projects; therefore, the students can be done faster over their summer break. Also, the teacher may already have some projects in mind over the break. There should be a teacher designed project because students want to get ahead. Furthermore, teachers may want students to finish it to turn the project in on time. For instance, teachers probably want the students to get ahead in there next year of school.

There are further reasons why it should be a teacher designed project. One reason is it helps students understand. In addition, some students may not understand how to do the project on their own. For instance, teachers can help students understand if they do not know how to make up their own project. Another reason is it expands students learning. Some teachers want to help the students; also, it helps the students mind to be refreshed when they come back to school. For example, teachers may want the students to be able to know what they learned for the last few years. Doing a teacher designed project is better because of an easy grade. Therefore, students might turn the project on time after there break is over. For instance students probably want an A at the beginning of their course grade.

Ultimately, although some may disagree, summer projects should be a teacher designed this is the case due to student guide, get done faster, and expand learning. Those who oppose state over thinking and not going to finish but this is not true. students should have a summer project to continue on learning