In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", paragraph 1 states that Venus is often referred to as Earth's "twin". It has features similar to earth such as mountains, valleys, and craters. The author says, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans, and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth.

Since Venus is similar to Earth, It has caught the attention of many Astronomers.

Despite its dangers such as the extreme temperatures, a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide, and the atmospheric pressure being 90 times greater than what we experience here on Earth, it is worthy of being studied.

NASA has came up with ideas to exploring the planet. One of the ideas is to "allow scientists to float above th fray" as stated in paragraph 5. Hovering 30 miles above the landscape, there are problems that come with that.

When floating, the temperatures would still be hot, being around 170 degrees Farenheit. The pressure would be close to the sea level on Earth". Solar power wouldn't be a problem and radiation would not exceed Earth's levels. Although the planet is not in the best condition, it's survivable for humans. There would be problems trying to explore Venus since the scientists would be floating high above the surface. The author states, "researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else from a distance". In order to explore the planet to the fullest, the only option would be to get up close and personal.

Since modern day technology is delicate, a different type of technology would have to be able to withstand Venus's conditions. A cell phone, tablet or anything related to that sort of technology wouldn't be the greatest considering it is easy to break. NASA has came up with the idea of using mechanical computers. These computers make calculations by using gears and levers and don't require any electronics. It has stronger material and is more likely to survive the conditions of Venus. The passage says, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of immagination and innovation". To me this proves that Venus is worth exploring.                 