Often times, when someone wants advice, they go to multiple sources. Seeking many opinions can help someone make a better choice. There's no question why, for they just want to make sure they're doing the right thing. Other voices in a situation can prove to be beneficial, but why?

It's great to get multiple opinions when you need help. The people you go to can give you different viewpoints, so you have all the possible solutions. In asking others for help, it expands your knowledge, growing your mind so you are able to fix the problem. For example, I had an issue with my friends the other day. Feeling distraught, I went to my siblings for help, knowing that they have had the same problem when they were my age. Once they told me how to fix it, I was able to use that knowledge on other siuations.

In a recent survey, 2 out of every 5 middle schoolers don't know who to go to for advice. This can be detrimental, as they never get help on the situation. It depends on the issue that they are having, but the best people to go to are the ones closest to them. In a situation like friend problems, it may be best to go to a parent or a relative. If you are having trouble in school or sports, you could ask a teacher or coach, for they would be happy to help. A friend could help you out if you had a hard decision to make on whether you should take a class or not. The people closest to you are the best advice givers you can get.

On the other hand, many people think that advice isn't good. When asking others for help, they may argue that their opinion is best. When in fact, it's best to get multiple sources. No one piece of information is the greatest. Others think that it can get confusing to remember everything and apply it to your siutation. In the long run, if the advice given doesn't help, take your own opinion, not theirs. It's all about your descision.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. The advice they get will help them later on, by gaining more knowledge. It can strengthen bonds between the people you ask for help. Advice will never hurt you, it will always help in whatever you need.       