Some schools that have an option for student to have attendance classes from home. Do you think that students should attend classes from school. Some people believe students should attend class from home while other people believe students would not have benefit from being able to attend classes from home. To attend classes form home, students would not benefit or help about their learning because school can improve teamwork skill, can make friends, and can ask the teacher.

Firstly, students can improve their teamwork skill to work as a group with other student. School have group work or the project that students can join together and work as a work. To illustrated, when the teacher give work to students that is a group work, and students should have a partner to work together, students have to talk to each other to plan what they need to do and help other understand what to do. Students can learn how to work with other person. The teachers must have group works for their students. Student should have teamwork skill because it will help them in the future when they have jobs to work will other person. Thus, for improve teamwork skill of students, they should attend classes in school that they can work as a group.

Secondly, Students can make friends in school. Students can relax and enjoy to attend classes when they with their friends. For example, after students finished their group work, they also have a good relationship with their partner. When students have friends, their can teach each other to understand to the classes and help to do their homework or class work. Students can make a lot of friends and help each other to pass the classes that maybe hard or easy for them. Therefore, to make friends is not hard to do when students are in school and school have many classes for help students to learn.

However, not everyone agree with this statement that some people believe students would benefit from being ale to attend classes from home because students can work and learn with their own way, have classes that they very want to learn, and help them to work in the computer. Nevertheless, look overs as an important point that student can ask questions to the teachers when they are not understand. When their friends can not help and do not know what to do students can ask the teacher for help. For example, When students do not understand in the class, and they can ask the teacher to explain or speak slowly for them to have more understand. The teachers also have to help their students to pass the classes, so teachers ready for students to ask them any questions. At home, students can not ask to the teachers if they are offline or no internet, and then they will ask their parents, but not all questions parents can answer. Therefore, the teachers can help students if they need help every times when they are at school and attend classes.

In conclusion, students should have attendance classes in school. Students can have to improve to their teamwork skill to work with their friends or other person in the future. Student can make a lot of friends, enjoy to the classes together and help each other work. Student can ask teachers whatever they want to know about the class, and teachers always help and answer the question that students asked. All of this are in school. Student will also get more experience from work as groups, friends, and ask the teachers. School can help student to attend classes because in school already have tools for student to learn.