Forced activitys doing more harm than good

Imagine bein a student you have homework, chores and if you have little siblings you might have to watch them. Your stressed, overworked and pressured to do better. It is time comsuming and you have little relaxation now with this new rule you have even more to do. Your being forced to take up a club. Keeping that in mind do you really think its good to force student to take up a club with all of their prexisting responsibillitys? If your not convinced think aout what kind of clubs you have. Do you think each student, each indivdual will like your limted choces?

Students have countless tasks with homework, chores and taking care of siblings. Students do not get much time for themselves. With so little time to relax they become overworked and stressed which is bad for productivity taking up a club gives them even less time to relax. Student grades can and probibly will sufer with this kind of change.

Although many schools have all sorts of diffrent clubs with such a wide and diverse student population it can be hard to please them all. No doubt you will have students whos intrests do not line up with the clubs you have makeing them to join a club they dislike insted. Imagine all of your clubs are sports related with socer, baseball, football, basketball, track, ect and you have a student who hates sports you can not make an exeption to the rule so what do you do? The only choice there can be is to make the student take up something they hate which can cause acting out from the student as they try to get out of the club.

Now some may argue saying schools have enough clubs to satisfy everyone. This may be true but I would imagine you have over one hundred students or even with just one hunded students you would be pushing the limit of how many students one techer can watch not to mention the teacher dose not get paid to watch students after school. They may also have children of their own they need to take care of. Another posible arguement is that a club builds confidence and I would agree but students could very well dislike being told to do an activity and if they dislike it alredy it will not end well.

Clubs are fun and enriching but should never be forced onto someone. Now I have given my side I pose the qusetion to you, do you still think its a good idea to force a club on students? My answer is no and I hope yours is the same. This rule is only going to do more harm than good.