Cars have been around since the 1800's and have been popular ever since. Although, in recent years the number of cars bought and lincenses attained have been dropping. Car usage has also dropped, which is a good thing. Because of limited car usage, people are helping the environment and benefiting themselves.

Cars emit pollutions which harm our health and the environment's health.

"...Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." Cars make up a large amount of the emissions that do harm to the environment. When car usage is limited, less people drive, which in turn limits pollution. "... but also in the developing world, where emissions from an increasing number of private cars are owned by the burgeoning middle class are choking cities." Again we see that cars are polluting our world, and it's caused by us. " it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants." Cars and other transporation are releasing emissions which are harming the environment. Limited car usage clears up the pollution which helps us and the environment stay healthy.

Many people are taking up new ways of transporation due to bans and such which are due to limits on car usage. They are taking public transportation, walking, carpooling, and so on. All of these methods of alternative transportation are beneficial. "They organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or car-pool with friends." It is better to limit car usage because not only are you helping the environment, but you're also saving money and helping yourself out. Due to the lower amount of people who buy cars because of limited car usage, car corperations are also changing. "He proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which 'pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commerical and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resoureces, lower emissions and improve safety.' " The way people live will benefit from lower car usage. Our lifes will be much safer. Although some people may be upset if they can't drive their cars when they want, in the long run it benefits all of the community.

As bans continued to be passed and people are choosing to walk or take the bus instead, limted car usage continues. We can see that it is beneficial to us and will help our environment in the long run. Limited car usage is truely a good thing for us and will hopefully continue.                    