The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because,One,it can help the teachers keep track of what the emotions of their students are,Two,it could benefit not only a classroom,but a whole school to know what each student is feeling and what their reaction might be and,Three to see how students express how they feel about a certain thing in school without showing emotion on the outside of their faces,in other words to see what kind of bad emotions they hold on the inside, and prevent something bad from happening.

First this technology can be very useful for teachers to help their students out,by being able to see how their students are feeling. Sometimes students in schools don't get to much attention from teachers,but with the help of this technology,all teachers have to do maybe in the morning,when students arive to a classroom,check a computer that will help them know what their students are feeling. According to this article it states,"a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored" which means not only does the teacher have to look at a computer everyday,but if the teacher tells the students to each get on a computer,The teacher doesn't do anything because the computer will let them know.

Next,the benefit could be for schools with this new technology beacause it can help them keep track of students who maybe are not having a god day,or who are very excited and happy. Another benefit to the school is that they can put this technology in each of their classrooms and it works as if it was another proffessor in the class. In this article it also states,"then it could modify the lesson,like an effective human instructure",which clarifies that this could be a help for teachers and that way schools wouldn't have to worry much about their students having issues with their emotions or tough days they have.

Finally, this technology can also help teachers and staff, not only see the emotions students have on the outside,but on the inside. Students will never tell a teacher when they are feeling very mad or angry or what actions they want to take,therefore if a teacher notices those expressions on a students face, they will know how to deal with their situation. In the text it also states,"most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication",which means this technology can read what emotion a student might be feeling inside.

This new technology can be very useful in schools and in classrooms, so I would say that since it can read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom,its very valuable. These were some of the reasons why this new technology can be very valuable and very helpfull as well so this technology has a big impact for a classroom with students in it who have emotional expressions.