Many citizens in the United States rely on cars as a way of transportation. What they don't realize is that there are multiple options to consider instead of a car. "Why consider a new method of transportation?," you may ask. If we limited the car usage we would have great amouts of adavantages as a result.

One important result that would come if we limited car usage is having nearby store locations near by. " In this new approach stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in a malls along some distant highway."(Source one: In german Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars; paragraph six) Limiting car usage will result in new buildings, stores, houses to become at a fair enough distance to walk.

If we had stores nearby enough to walk, there's no need of a car. If car usages reduces, the amount of walking, or riding a bike would increase. This will lead to a better life style. Recent studies has showed that walking daily can improve a persons mind. "When I had car i was always tense, I'm much happier this way."( Source one: In German Suburb, Life goes on Without Cars; paragraph three.)

Another major positive affect that will result in reducing car usage is improving our atmosphere. One disadvantage cars cause, is air pollution. One example would be smog. The smog that we breath in is not good for our health."It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."(Source three;paragrpah twenty-four). Not only if we reduce car usage we would gain positives outcomes but  we would reduce  pollution.

"Passenger cars are responsible for twelve percent of greenhouse gas emmisons in Europe...and up to fifty percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." (Source one; paragraph five.)  We would be doing positive thing for ourself but a positive thing for the enviroment.

Our generation does not need to rely on a piece of mechanic to take them to their destination. We have the ability to get to our route, and have other options that are helpful for us and for our enviroment. We have multiple advantages if we would consider to reduce car usage. So the question would be, why dont we stop using cars, and start helping ourself and our enviroment knowing the  advantages we could be recieving in return.                                                        