Dear State Senator,

In my experience, I strongly believe that you should get rid of the electoral college to a popular vote. If you do that, the votes would become fair to voters, and more voters would actually pay attention to the campaine. On the other hand, i do see why you would want to keep the Electoral college, but let me explain to you two of the many reasons why you should get rid of it.

First, people do argue that the electoral college does pay attention to some of the regiment in voters. In Plumer's article he says," - thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election" To me, the voters who do like the electoral college pretty much just want to see that they can trust them just for the popular votes to succeed. But honestly, I think they still shouldn't be the ones to choose. Even if they may help the popular votes a little, they aren't fair in a lot of ways. Way more voters are against them than with.

So let me explain one of my reasons, I believe you should get rid of the electoral college is because it isn't fair to voters. A lot of the time voters don't trust that the electoral college pays attenetion to the votes sent out. Acorrding to Plumer's article, 'The Indefensible Electoral College:' he states, " In the same vein, "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please." When voters hear that, chaos starts. They want to have say for who the next President will be not just the electoral college's say. There have been some real incidents where the electoral college has voted based on what they believe and not other voters. For example, in Hawaii in 1960, The vice president, Richard Nixon, validated his opponents votes. Voters worry and get angry when there trust is broken. They want to be the ones to vote because of course they trust themselves. If you do get rid of the electoral college, voters would be more satisified and feel that their vote would be fair.

Lastly, the second reason why I believe that  getting rid of the electoral college is that voters would pay more attention and actually put thought in who they vote. If they think that their vote won't matter they won't care who wins. They would most likely jot down a random candidate and send it in. In the article, ' In Defnse of the Electoral College:', Posner states, " Republicans in California. Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were to be picked by a popular vote..." With that said, there is support that states people would have beter interest in voting if they had  popular vote and no more electoral college. I believe people would actually spend more of their time on debating who should deserve to be President.

To conclude my reasons, please take them in consideration. Voters would be treated much fairly and pay more attention to voting than they do now. I believe you should get rid of the electoral college so there will be less arguing.

Sincere, PROPER_NAME    