Finding a good friend is like getting a box of chocolate, you obviously don't know what they bring with them ; When people ask for advice they sometimes talk to more than one person. Seeking advice can be easy but following or or making a good decision from it could be a little tricky. In my response I agree to asking multiple people about advice for you can get different opinions, less stress by asking someone who has had experience with a situation and, also ask someone who might not be as close with you just for you to make a easier decision about things.

To began with, asking multiple people for advice can be less stressful in some way. For instance, you and your best friend are having a disagreement and you ask someone for advice about it but they tell you to just let it be. You are not necessarily going to just let it be like that you would obviously want to fix things. So you ask another person what they think about the situation and they say to talk things out between you two. You will think about the advice that person said and what the other person said, and think about which advice is better for you to follow.

Secondly, when you are scared to go trough something you have not done before and you are nervous. It is sometimes better for you to communicate with people who have gone through the same and something similar to it. For example, If you had an accident before and the result of that happens to be for you to have surgery for the first time. You would be nervous or even scared, not knowing how it feels after the operation. For a person to not feel like this would be to talk to a person who has gone through it before by their experience towards it. It can also help you be more confident in yourself and be less nervous.

However, asking for advice to your closest friends might or always be the case. Some people have the idea in mind that since they are your best friend they will say what you want them to say. But it does not always go like that, For instance, you get accepted to a university you had applied for a while back. however, in order for you to go you will have to leave your best friend, so you ask advice but they end up saying for you not to go because they do not want you to go and they will miss you. Later on, you talk to another friend of yours for their opinion and they tell you to follow your heart and do whatever you have to do to follow it.

In conclusion, It is better for one to ask different and multiple people about how they see things for it brings to more easier decisions upon yourself, less stress about over thinking about it and, gives you an idea of what you actually want.                    