Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Some may agree that students can benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Taking classes at ones house can make them feel better about learning. Benefits of learning at home rather than having to go to a school include: concentration, comfort, and attendance to get ones education.

To be comfortable in whatever one wants to wear and seated wherever a student chooses to be in their home, can really help the student focus. Students have been aching and sore whenever it comes to sitting in the same plastic chair for hours every day to get their education. One can also take as many breaks and move around freely to do simple tasks like getting a glass of water and using the restroom. There are also not as many strict rules such as certain times someone can eat or dress according to the schools policy. Some students are introverts that dont like interacting with others and may be too shy to do thinks such as ask questions, which could result in a problem related to their education. With online programs, it can be easier to participate more and communicate with confidence.

Focusing on the lesson is the key to getting a good education. Many problems that students face in a school are distractions among peers and personal relationships with faculty and staff. In ones home, they no longer have to be concerned with who or what is going on around them rather than to concentrate on their education. students can also learn according to their own schedule. If for some reason one has to leave out of town on an emergency, they can still learn and do their work as long as they have a computer or another electronic device. It can also be less time consuming like not having to get on a vehicle, go to school, and walk between classes.

Some may say that getting on an electronic device rather than going to school to attend classes can be more tiring and stressful, because that would include staring at a screen for countless hours. Some may also complain that there isnt a person teaching the subjects, but whenever one gets tired or needs to rest, they can simply stand up, walk around, and take a break for as long as necessary. Students can also take as long as they want on whatever lesson their learning. If, for example, a student does not understand a topic, they can ask for help from a professor, or play back the lesson again until they understand what they have missed.

Staying at home rather than getting up to go to a school can be more beneficial in countless ways. Distractions are minimized at a large rate. Attendance as well, would not be a problem no matter the situation or place a student is put in. Also, being comfortable in ones own house results in the student being able to focus better. Staying at home to get an education can greatly increase the passing rate and also show better performance. Many schools should offer a program where students can attend their classes online from home.