There is an ongoing debate regarding distance learning for students. Many people say distance learning is a better option for some students rather than being in regular school. Others say that students that do distance learning may play around at home and not complete their work. For some that might be the case, but not all students are like that. Some students need distance learning because it can make school work easier to understand, they won't get picked on by other students, and the school work won't pile up if they're sick and have to miss a few days.

First, doing distance learning is good because it can make the school work easier to understand for the student. Some students take longer to understand new units than others. In regular school, the teacher isn't going to keep going over the subject until one student finally understands it. Distance learning creates one on one time with your teacher and makes it easier to learn something new. If you're struggling with something you can ask to video call and have them explain it in a way that makes it easy for you to understand. You also won't have to worry about the teacher getting distracted by other students, like in a class room. The teacher will be available for questions at almost any time you need help.

Next, doing distance learning has the benefit of not getting picked on by other students. Some students are a big target for bullies. When some students don't understand something, others like to make rude remarks to them. With distance learning you won't have that problem. Eighty-seven percent of students polled reported that they've been bullied before at school. Bullying can make students with depression and anxiety not want to go to school at all or even cause suicidal thoughts. Constant bullying can also cause students to not try in school and give up because of others bringing them down all the time. Students won't have to worry about this during distance learning online classes. They can be themselves with no judgment.

Lastly, distance learning makes it to where even if you're sick, you can still learn. Tons of students get sick each year around the same time and miss a few days of school. Those students understand how much work you really miss when you're sick, especially if you're in high school. One day of missed work feels like It's a never ending pile. On top of that if you miss a day when you're learning something new, you might never fully understand it. Online schooling makes it to where you can do your school work almost anywhere at any time. While sick or even in on a road trip, you can easily do your school work by the click of a button.

In conclusion, there are many benefits to why students should have the option to do distance learning and attend their classes at home. They understand their work easier, won't have bullies that add unwanted stress, and won't have piles of work waiting for them when they're out for a few days. Students will have less stress in general and be a lot happier with themselves. They will also have more time to spend with their family and friends. Distance learning also allows for students to do more fun things outside of school and be able to take "school" anywhere they go without becoming behind.         