What we know about ABC Mouse,Rosetta Stone,and IXL is that they all are very useful and are well known education sites. Though they are such a program to rely on for learning purposes,They get boring and makes it so easy to veer you towards a different purpose of your time ;making it one of my reasons why i feel schools should not conduct out of school online courses. With doing online courses you have to consider having contact with teacher if needed extra help on learning new assignments ,as well as "trying to play catch up with Bad connection". Mother always to told me man over machine anyway.

It is guaranteed students wont pay attention to have online classes when they can easily ignore,or postpone for how long they think it is right for them to finish. Without repercussions students themselves will tremendously lower their academic progression. The biggest problem with the public board of Education today is students constantly on their phone distracted with social media;but,at least have disciplinary consequences seeking to slim out the chance to put the screen to your face.

Following up with your teacher is the easiest solution when needing more help on challenging arithmetic and indescribable essays .During an online process it demonstrates the process in which you need to solve. Unlike who i am, I usually need a hands on experience to understand how things work. If you were to consider most of the people like me ,how would you change that option if its within an online course? There are tutors that usually cost too much money as well. There isn't much you can change about someones ability besides feed it for succession.

Technical difficulties could most likely have the biggest impact on someones learning experience when online .Having bad connection , new router, or just not being able to log on at all for some reason. Sometimes when doing my online homework programs it consist of a certain amount of connection and its longevity. Due to not being able to access it that day,it forces me to come to school or a local library to finish it. If that type of problem were implemented in to school board online courses it would either corrupt or erase your progress.

Some would say that it would be a not bad idea to learn at home and do things that don't require of a whole lot of "class to class" movement .Some would say that decreasing distractions decrease the amount of stress in wanting to understand the teacher .Poverty has made up about 53% of our country .For those people, how will they ever learn if they don't have the resources in order to become what they can?75% of students in poverty depend on the food the school serves them as well. If i didnt know when or where the next breakfast and lunch was coming from ,i would expect to learn and eat at a public school.

i learned today that students wouldn't take the opportunity of learning online seriously,especially if really looking forward to it. The feeling of a teacher being within my presence to help me,but instead waiting the next day for the teacher to respond back at 12:30 am on Google classroom. I learned that i take a magnet school like wood side such for granted and that they shower me with hospitality with no intent to have gratitude. My father always said to me "you never know somethings value until it is lost."