Figuring out how to handle a situation is very difficult, doing it alone, or even with only one persons influence isnt always enough sometimes. I believe that getting multiple peoples advice on situations that you are unable to make yourself is a fantastic thing to do. Especially if you're an indecisive person, decision making is near to impossible, but with the help of friends, family, and aquatics, their opinions will make the situation a thousand times easier. By having others share their thoughts on the situation, it allows you to see others perspective, gives you a variety of ways to attack the situation, and you can learn others values.

Having multiple peoples perspective is a great thing to have, especially when having to make a difficult decision. Maybe when you first heard the situation you thought there was never going to be a way to fix, or handle the situation at hand without messing something else up along the way. Thats why getting others perspective and advice on the situation, can possibly open your eyes to new ways of dealing with it. Keep in mind that not everyone has identical perspective, and sometimes others views can be malicious, that is when you have to really think about the best way to go after the situation.

While having a lot of different peoples perspective is wonderful, being able to have a variety of way to attack the situation is just as good. By asking a lot of people for advice they can all give you what they think is the right, or maybe even the logic thing to. Some people may look at this as a disadvantage making the decision harder by having so many options to choose from, but actually this is an amazing advantage. Being able to think about the way different people would handle the situation, and choosing the best way you think going about things is incredible.

Yes, being able to go up to people and ask for their advice is a great thing to do, but is everyone opinion going to be "right" in your eyes? By that I mean before taking someone advice to action you need to ask yourself this, "Does this person have the same values and morals as I do?" If your answer is no, than maybe you need to rethink asking that person on a piece of advice, that may be a big deal to you. This is also a way to see who you want to continue hanging out around, or maybe, if it is serious enough, you might want to not continue to hang around. Having values, morals, and goals is something everyone has their own personal thoughts on, and asking advice can see if you both have similar ones.

Getting multiple people advice is something I will continue to do, and so should you. Decision making will be a little less difficult, and a whole lot less stressful, and who does not want that? So the next time you're in a sticky situation put the following into action. This is perfect because, you can hear others different ways of dealing with a situation, listen to all the ways of going about it, and see if others have the same morals as you do. We should all ask for advice, while also not being afraid to express your thoughts too. 