You now have to sign up for a extracurricular activity at school. You don't want to sign up for one because you already have a lot to do at home, you don't want to stress yourself out more than you already are. Why do you have to do this when you don't want to? Should kids have to do an extracurricular activity? I think they shouldn't because it could cost money and its their choice if they want to.

One reason its a bad idea is it could cost money for either the kid or the parent. In a recent survey that the Boston Globe did said that parents are less likely to sign up for an activity that cost over 100 dollars. I think this is the most important reason, parents shouldn't have to spend money. Maybe they are in a tough time and don't have a lot of money to spend on sports equipment. Most sports you sign up for you have to buy equipment or there is a sign up fee. If there is a free activity, sure they can do that, but most sports cost money. If the parents want to spend that money, they can. I'm not saying they shouldn't, I'm just saying it could cause problems for less fortunate families.

Another reason is its the students decision if they want to be involved in a extracurricular activity. A study conducted by the Harvard Institute of Science reported back that most teenagers don't want to do something they are forced to do. I think this is also important because if a teenager doesn't want to do something, they will do anything not to do it. For example, if I am being forced to do something, I most likely don't want to do it. If a teenager wanted to do an activity, they would. I don't think parents should force their kids to do something, unless its chores or something like that.

Some people argue that doing extracurricular activities can improve your experience at school. Most highschoolers say school is more enjoyable when you do extracurricular activities. I think this is a good argument but, some kids could still find it not enjoyable. Say they wanted to do on activity but it filled up so they got placed into something they didn't want to do. That person probably won't have as much fun as they would have had in the one they wanted to do.

The activities could put stress on some students which can be harmful to their mental health says the LA Times. If the stress that these activities could put on the students can be harmful to them, then they shouldn't be forced to do that activity.

I don't think students should be forced to do activities because it could cost money and its their choice what they want to do and don't want to do. If these activities can cause harm to student's mental health, why do it? Do these activities truly help with school stress? Can they really make school feel better even if it can add more stress to students? I don't think its worth it, do you think it is?