The author supports this idea because the article gave out specific reasons to why studying Venus is a worthy to pursuit. The article gave out facts about Venus in one of the paragraphs. Another reason is that what would happen to Venus in the future.

Lastly, sending humans to Venus and scientists studying how long they could last.

Here are some reasons why they should suggest that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our sun. High pressure and heat, Venusian geology and the weather present additional impedimets like erupting volcanoes, and powerful earthquakes, like here on Earth. On Earth we present those here on our everyday life. On Venus the planet's surface temperature the average is over 800 degrees Fahrenheit. The atomspheric pressure is 90 times greater that we have experienced on Earth.

In the past

Venus was probably covered largely with ocean water and might have or could supported various forms of life. Venus still has some feature that are analogous to Earth. Venus sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, so that means we can go there for a proportional time. Going to Venus seems to indisputable. A crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel.

Sending humans to Venus is really risky because jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus could avoid the ground conditions by staying up into outer space. Thirty-plus miles about the surface, temperature would still be hot at around 170 degrees. They're are not easy conditions, but the survivable for humans. Researchers cannot take samples of rocks, gas, or anything else because of the distance. Scientists seeking to conduct a through missions to understand what Venus would get up close and personal despite the risks. Researchers are going to work on innovations that would allow there machines to go long enough to contribute meaningfully.

After all, these are the reasons why I think its good idea to suggest that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers of it's presents. I think after I got the information form the article. I think they can make machines that can last long for us to travel to Venus. Another reason is that we can make it, and it is possible for us to get gas and rocks from Venus.