The Cars we drive today. The usage of car pollution each day we all drive? Do you know how many cars drive in a day and give off gasoline or d iesel and ect gases? Do you drive or do you know anyone that drive an their car gives off pollution? Do you think we the people all over the globe should just give up on cars.............? Let's see what others think about this?

First off, the way car usage is used today I believe we need to cut back on the car usage because as we the people are polluting the air with more toxic that may one day kill Man Kind. Another reason we the people of this globe shouldnt use car usage is in " Article one Source 1: "In Vauba, Germany residents of this upscale community like suberban pioneers for example few soccer moms and executives have givien up there cars". Why well I believe they have given up their cars because not only of the pollution that they can cause but they as people can also wall place instead of driving to places that were mainly just down the street why use gas when you can just walk. My second reason is why driving in Article 1: "Vauban, Germany when cars are only allowed in two places in Article one " Car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to park-large garages at the edge of the development". The differences in Artice two: (My own words) Paris baned driving due to smog is because when you started up your car and it pushes out all that gas pollution afterwards that goes into the car put not knowing were its going someone could in heal that gas pollution and get sick. for instants " Diesel fuel was blamed, since France has.... atax policy that favors over gasoline" Let's just these gases is used to make up the car. In Article two"Diesel makes up 67% of vehicles in Framce, compared to a 53.3% average of diesel engines in the rest of Western Europe, according to reuters. Meaning the gas used for cars out of the united states for example like France and Europe uses for then we the people in the united states do.

Next off, in Article 3: In " BOGOTA, Colombia its a program that is set to spread to other countries, millions of colonbianss hiked, biked, skated, even took the busto work during a car-free day yesterday , leaving the streets of this capital city eerily deviod of traffic jams". In Article 3, as I have read in BOGOTA, Colombia the rush-hour restrctions have dramatically cut traffic even the restaurants andupscale shopping districts have cropped up majorally. In Article 4 " President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the united states greenhouse gas emissions". Now we are the next step to have or car usage rate dropped.                    