"Driverless Cars" sound like something from a movie, not real life. These are one of the most outrageous and ridiculous ideas I have ever heard of. These cars should not be allowed in the future because they are unsafe, expensive and will cause conflicts betweeen owners and manufacturers. If these "Driverless Cars" become a common thing in our daily lives, things will be different and people will be in danger.

Driverless cars would be very unsafe. If the system malfunctions or goes bad the car could do whatever it wants. There is always a chance that the car will not take you to the right place or the breaks decide they do not want to work or some reason. It says in the article that "For starters, they need a whole lot of sensors." What would happen if a sensor broke or the sensor was covered up by something. Inevitable crashes would be the answer. The article also talks about how to alert the drivers when they need to take over when it says, "GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." This could go wrong if the driver falls asleep or the seats lose the ability to vibrate. The driver could also be startled by the surprising vibration that it may cause him to swerve or crash. The announcement could go wrong if the driver is hard of hearing or if they lower the volume because they feel it is irritating. Overall "Driverless Cars" are unsafe.

"Driverless Cars" would be very expensive not only to manufacture, but to purchase aswell. The majority of people are middle class and a car with such high-end features and accomodations would most likely be out of the price range for middle classed people. The article says, "Radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars." This shows that radar alone used to be very expensive. It is already expensive just to buy a regular car but all of the sensors and radar and other features added would only up the price. This is not including all of the gas prices, maintainence, and other features that people want and have to pay for. Expecting these "Driverless Cars" to be the new everyday thing is just not in the budget of everyday people.

The conflict of who to blame when an accident happens is very simple. People would not want to pay for the accident so they would say that their car malfunctioned and end up filing for a lawsuit against the manufacturer. This whole entire idea of these new cars would cause an ongoing series of problems and lawsuits that would would fill up and awaste the courts time. "Driverless Cars" are a problem waiting to happen.

In conclusion, I do not believe "Driverless Cars should be allowed to drive on public roads. They are unsafe, expensive and will cause conflicts betweeen owners and manufacturers. The realistic idea of these cars working, and being reliable and safe, is very slim. People are fasinated by the idea of these cars, but they do not see the big picture which is all the threats and dangers this car holds.