Dear, Mr. President

I need to get something off my chest, we need to change the way we the people vote. An Electoral college isn't the right way to do it anymore. We need to change to the peoples popular vote. Because this is a country for the people, we aren't voting for the president, and because electoral vote just isnt't fair.

Mr. President the first reason why we should change the popular vote is because this country is supposed to be for the people and in an electoral vote it's not. In the electoral vote its about the government and who they want as president and alot of people DO NOT like that. People of the United States of America should be able to vote and pick who they as a president of there country. It should be our right as Americans to be able to pick our own president not a bunch of old smart people in suits in Congress. I under stand that there is 538 as it says in the article What Is the Electoral College? by the Office of the Federal Register, but their is more than 300 million Americans.  So techinically we aren't even voting for you.

Which brings me to my next reason, we aren't even voting for the president. When there is an Electoral college we are voting for the slate of electors in congress that will vote for the president as it says in the article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the systems are wrong" by Bradford Plumer. So like I said before a bunch of old men and old women are they taking our votes away from us. For example, in 2000 Al Gore would've won the election but because the electoral vote beat him. He had the popular vote of the people but says the congress chose other wise he lost the election. According to the same article as it says above. Over 60% of people rather people's popular vote other the electoral vote.

Last but definetely not least, the electoral college just isn't fair at all. Maybe it's fair for the government befoore they can basically just pick the president that they want, but it's supposed to be a country for the people. It says it in the Constitution

We The People not

We The Government

. Also the winner takes all system, the candidates don't pay attention to the smaller states they just look and the big states like California, Florida, or New York. So technically they are cheating the electoral college because they don't pay attention to all the elected slates of those small states. According to the article " The Indefesible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the sytem are wrong" by Braford Plumer.

In Conclusion, Mr. President if you care about what the people want you would abolish the Electoral college. Because this is a country for the people, we aren't even voting for the president, and because it's just not fair. It needs to be changed to the popular vote. I've been waiting to get that off my chest for a while.

Yours Truly,

PROPER_NAME

P.s: I hope you read this and take off the electoral college.                                                                               