Students have many factors that pull them in a thousand directions everyday. Think of sports, jobs or extra curricular activites that students participate in everyday. Also factor in time that students should have with their families and in real life settings. Time needed in society. Sometimes there is not enough hours in a day. Students need a way to balance out everyday things to prepare them to be adults as well as just a good life practice. Students would benefit from online classes because it can decrease stress, build responsibility and give freedom.

Online classes would help students decrease stress. Students sometimes have trouble actually getting to school. Being sick or having no transportation to school, to name a few. Those students have raised levels of stress because they are missing classwork and for some, have no way of finding out what all they truly missed. Providing online courses would allow students to easily access the information they may have missed. It allows sick students to catch-up quicker and not have to spend weeks trying to figure out when they have to do in order to fully understand what one might have missed. Students also can truly feel the stress of having to properly balance out eight or more classes. Most of the time, students will let that stress break them down. With providing courses online for students, they can relieve some of that stress with being able to do things on their own time.

Providing online courses to students would help build ones responsibility. Students would have to ensure that they actually "attend" the online courses that they need to in order to get a grade or understand the subject they are currently learning. Students would have to be able to control their work load, and balance out what they need to do, and when. It is on themselves to learn, to do assignments and to even just show up. From all this, they can learn what they need to do and how they should do it. It helps them practice real world responsibilities, as well as education themselves on how to just be responsible for themselves. They will learn how to actually take care of themselves and make sure they know whats going on. It make them in charge, and helps them know what to do if in charge. It could build more students into leaders. Some stuudents may not be able to handle the responsibility that they are given with the online courses, but they should be able to just seek extra help. Still going into school part of their time. Resonsilbilty is one of the most important things that one has in their day to day lives, but being taugh it earlier in life can help people master it for the rest of their lives.

Lastly, giving students online classes would give them a sense of freedom. Having the access to online courses lets students control their own education more so than in a school building. They can take more time learning one subject, if needed and it would let them learn in the way that they want to learn, as in a school building, one has to learn at the same pace as everyone else. They have to just sit and listen, most days and hope that they understand. Students can pace themselves and even score higher on tests. Students could fully understand subjects easier, and feel more confident in doing their own classes.

Yes, some students could take this freedom and completely throw their education out of the window. They could just let their classes sit, and they would fail. To those students, if they chose to do that, they would have to go into a school building and spend more time with the classes they did not do anything with. They would have some freedom taken away, so that they know what they are missing out on.

Students would be given more time to themselves, and more time to figure out maybe what they want to be, and how they want to live their lives. Online classes can help students take down stress, build responsibilities and grab freedom for themselves. Allowing students to have this opportunity can give them a sense of what it may be like in the real world, it can prepare them and yet still give them an education at the same exact time. Students would feel more confident in themselves, and know how to properly function in the real world. This could potentially give students more time to look into things they want to learn, or even pursue a career. This could truly give people more chances to do jobs they love and become the person they wanted to grow up to be. This could have the chance to change the society for the better, and make people more aware of what they have.