Over the years cell phones have become a very useful tool .The demand of using a phone has risen in today's society . But should we be able to use our cell phones while being on the road? The number of people that have used their phones on the roads and highways have increased so much . Some people don't understand how important it is to be completely focused on the road and for the people in their car and everyone near them. Should we leave a message unread or not answer a call or answer the text or call but be at risk of causing the life of someone ?

People tend to always want to be on their phones and be in touch with other people during social media, call, or text , despite the danger of causing an accident. We keep our phones closer than our loved ones. Phones are a constant distraction such as meetings, movies ,meals and especially when we are driving. Everyday people die from car accidents because someone was using their phone while driving . Studies have shown that there is a 4% greater risk of drivers being in a car accident due to using a cell phone. Overall the crashes every year because of cell phones are 1.6 millions with 330,000 million injured in them.

Hands free devices can also be harmful . You are focused on the road but if something happens to your phone for example the call ended or you received a message then you are distracted and want to grab your phone . A lot of people would think that probably if I just take one second to look at my phone nothing will happen. But that's not true a car accident can happen based on the driver not looking on the road . You can't multitask when you are driving ! If you would like to be a safe driver you would have to make sure you process a ton of information about your environment and surroundings at all times.

Georgia's new hands free cell phone law has resulted in more than 1,000 tickets since the start of the law . Georgia's residents aren't allowed to have their phone in their hand or part of their body . They are only allowed to use if it's on a wireless headphones, speaker or bluetooth . Their first fine is $50 , second is $100, and third is $150 and a subsequent conviction . Georgia has become the 16th state that enacted a hands free driving law. Georgia would like for residents to stop using their devices when driving because cell phones only continue to increase the number of accidents.

It's a privilege to be able to drive and we shouldn't just think about ourselves but about the people we are risking when we are driving. Cell phones are a very important tool in our life but we should know when it's not the right time to use it. It's better to leave the phone down and ignore the missed calls and texts then not being able to get to our destination and being with our loved ones because we couldn't leave our phone down. Put it down and just drive !   