Dear Principal,

Most student absolutely love the idea of being aloud to use cell phones in school. But in my opinion, it's a bad idea. School is a place for learning, not a place to be communicating with your friends on your phone. Plus, you have plenty of friends around you at school. Why do you need a phone to communicate with them? Every student would be too attached to they're phone and all they would want to do is be on it and forget all about they're classes. Just imagine failing all of your classes just because you were on your phone when you have plenty of time to be on it out of school. School is also a very big place, you could loose or break your phone very easily. School is just not the place for a phone to be.

Put yourself in the students shoes: your sitting in class doing your work when your phone rings, your ignore the work your doing so that you can talk to one of your friends and while your on the phone you totally missed that your teacher announced the big test tomorrow. I sure wouldn't want that being me. School is a place for you to be learning and doing work. You don't need to be talking to your friends in that time. You can use your phone on your own time. Not the time you should be using to learn and get good grades.

In addition, another reason phones in school are not a good idea is because you can loose them or break them very easily. Schools are very big, phones are very small. I defiantly would not want to be the one that lost their phone just because I was talking to one of my friends about something less important then my education. Also, I'm sure your school has a lot of kids, if you drop your phone once in the halls it could very easily be dropped and stepped on or kicked or something like that. Now just because you had your phone out in school, even if you weren't using it, you dropped and broke it now you don't have a phone at all.

So in conclusion, school is just not a place for phones. It can get you bad grades, and you can loose or break it. You are suppose to learn in school. If you give students just a little bigger of a range with using their phones during their free time, they will no doubt change that by constantly using them. I hope you can look at it from my point of view.