Dear State Senator, I believe the electoral college should be changed to election by popular vote because, the electoral college is unfair to voters. According to the article

The Indefensible Electoral College:Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong,

"

Under the electoral college system,voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors , who in turn elect the president." This doesn't seem fair at all, people put in their votes thinking they are voting for their canidate but instead a group of electors make the dedcision for them. It also doesn't seem right that the voters can't control who their electors vote for.

In the

Indefensible Electoral College article it also says that "In the same vein faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's canidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please." That doesn't seem right at all, if a canidate has the most popular vote they should be elected president since he is obviously the the one the voters want as their president. It shouldn't be up to the electors to just pick anyone they want just because they have the power to do so.

Some people may think that the electoral college is just fine the way it is,for example  in the article

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President,

the author seems to aggree with this way of voting and thinks the electoral college is worth keeping because there is a certainty of outcome and thinks that the voters in the "Swing States" should be the one to decide the election because they have more information and attention from the canidates. Is that fair?  All states should get the same amount of attention and infromation from the canidates because all of the votes are important and is the outcome ever really certain? How would we know the outcome of the election if the votes we put in all depend on a group of electors who could just pick whoever they like just because they can? How does that seem fair at all that the voters votes don't really matter and even if the canidate does get the most popular vote, the canidate still might not come out as the winner of the overall election?                       