Should we limit car usage

?

The debate on weather or not we should limit car usage have being going on for years now and it is still going on to this day. The reason being that cars play a major role in our society and most people can't get throught their daily routines without one.

Cars play a mojor role in our society but they do also play a mojor role in poluting the environment. In Europe cars are responsible for about 12 percents of greenhouse gas emission.... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the united states. This has a mojor impact on our enivironment espicially the atmosphere, the exhaust that our vechiles put out are being taped in the atmosphere which is why we have global warming. Cars put out so much of this stuff that the ice glacies  melting, temperatures rising and drought throught areas in the world but thats doesn't mean that even thow they cause so much damage we dont have to rid of them.

Granted, vechiles are responsible for getting us to our destinations form point A to point B, we depend on these machines wheather it is to get to work, school  transporting the sick..ect. Our daily lives have a certain time range depending on how fast and how much time we can spend on a certain objective, car limit the amount of time it would take us to walk or bike thus giving us more time durnig the day. they come in really helpful in emergences too such as when someone is need to be rushed to the hospital.

Therefore limiting car usage would be the best idea. Paris has more smog that any other europen capitals, so they enforced a partil driving ban to clear the air of global city after a week smioglevels went down cangestion was down by 60 percent it was thhat bad that it even rivaled bejing chian. The smog cleared enouf to rescind the ban for ood numberes plates on tuesday.

So you can see that limiting our car usage can have greately help our eniviroment and thus making it last longer.                                                                                                                                                           