Students would benefit from being able to attend classes by way of video confrencing or of online resources. Not everyone who wants to take the class may not be able to physically take the class as a result of too many other students. Students may also work efficently when they are in their own work enviroments. Lastly, if a student needs help but is too shy to get help or doesn't have enough time in the day to get help from a teacher, an online class can give them the help that they need.

Sometimes students feel as if they can work better when they are not at school. Students may feel like the home or another workspace enviroment is comftorable and may fit all their needs. They are not restricted by the rules of the classroom and can take breaks whenever they feel like it. If they are too sick to go to school or are travelling they can still get work done and not get left behind. At home they may be more relaxed than whatever they get in the classroom. Students would be able to feel more in control of how they work and their own work ethic, both of which they may never have gotten in school.

Class sizes are usually limited and not everyone who registers for a class can take be enrolled. There are always students who wanted to take a class but were unable to get in that class and are forced to take it next year on account of losing another class oppurtunity. The students who are unable to get in that class are usually forced to take a class that they wouldn't have done so otherwise. With taking that same class online many more students can take it and have complete access to all the resources they would need. This means that students would not have to take classes that they had no interest in and are able to take all the classes they want the next year.

Students who are too shy or can't get help would be greatly benefitted by online classes. In schools shy students may never talk or not be able to get help from a teacher and therefore their grades suffer. Online they may have a better chance at one-on-one time with their instructors to get the help they need. By way of video conferencing many students can help eachother out and therefore not take the group work out of school learning. If they can't get in touch with their teacher, students still have the entire internet at their disposal. Students will be able to acess forums, databases, and videos filled with the answers to all their problems. Students who were originally unable to get the help they required would now be able to gain the necessary concepts required for that specific topic.

In conclusion giving students an option for distance learning would be beneficial to their careers. This way of learning would be able to provide better learning enviroments for students. It would also allow students who would not have been able to be in the class, the ability to still be in the class. Students who wouldn't have been able to get help from a teacher would be able to get all the help they would need by way of online or video conferencing.  