Society has made the car industry accelerate rapidly and over the years the amount of money these automobile company's make only increases. However, its time to look into the advantages of limiting such car usage in our communities. Studies have shown that the use of cars only increases the amonunt of stress we have. Without the usage of cars we're able to release such stressors Carlos Arturo Plaza stated in Andrew Selsky's article "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota". Its one thing to make the decision to start this movement on our own, but when a community becomes involved it makes a stronger impact. Car usage in America has only grown since it began however, the amount of cars being bought is beginning to show decrease. Many people are realizing that there are numerous amounts of ways to get around their city. Some are even carpooling. Although choosing other options such as the bus may take time it is still well worth the wait. We will find that many other options and opportunities come into play when we cut down on and get rid of the use of cars in our communities.

Various factors come into play when it comes to world pollution. One of the factors being the use of automobiles which increases the amount of air pollution thus damaging the ozone layer. The use of cars is second nature to us. We love the sense of indepence we get at the age of 16 when we can finally get our license. To point out, no one thinks on whats happening as we purchase cars. Instead, we rely on diesel gas to do the trick. Imagine cutting out the use of cars. With this detuction of car usage the amount of destruction done to the ozone layer will diminish tremendously. We will be able to experience clearer air just like the communities that participate in this action. For instance, in an article done by Robert Duffer titled "Paris bans driving due to smog" we can witness through testimony the wonders done by banning car usage. Normally Paris has high amounts of pollution but in order to change this the city enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air temporarily. The fact that the city had cold nights and warm days doesn't do anything to help because these nights and days only allow for the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. After the banning of car usage Paris was finally able to experience clear air. "Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals... Last week Paris had 147 ,micrograms of particulate matter (PM) per cubic meter compared with the 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London... " (excerpt from source 2 "Paris bans driving due to smog").

To be clear, no one's against car usage, but after considering the costs of using cars you'd realize its not worth it. Residents of Vanban, Germany find this statement to be true and have therefore regulated their lives around it. Elizabeth Rosenthal created an article on the residents from Germany titled "In German Suburb, Life Goesn On Without Cars". Here she discussed what the community has done in their no car movement. Residents here do not regret their decision to get rid of their cars and actually like it better than dealing with the uncontrollable and frustrating traffic jams. Not to mention the countless amount of car wrecks that come along with it. In this particular part of Germany the government has assisted in the movement. There are no street parking spots, driveways or home garages. Some might think its absurd but when theres no cars theres no need for such things. They have even improved sidewalks and made the city commute friendly with stores only a walk distance away. A mother from Germany gives her account of living in Vauban and states the following: "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" She is a media trainer and a mother of two. In previous bills, 80 percent of the money from the government had gone to highways and 20 percent to other transports, but with the smart planning movement that will change within the next 6 years.

All in all, many factors come into play when discussing transportation within a city. However with the deduction of car use a city can recieve many benefits including an increase in money for other government spending, clearer air, happiness, more money in their pockets among many other things. We just have to decide whether enough is enough. The facts have proven themselves worth it for many other countries, why can't it be successful for us as well?    