When looking for important advice you usually have a "go to person" and then multiple people around you that you ask what to do in the problem you are having. Talking with more than yourself, one other person, or five other people is an amazing thing to do because if you only talk to one person about your troubles than they may get annoyed with you or could be a fake friend. When you have more conversation with people are what you are think you can see both perspectives, you have more knowledge to what you are talking about, and lastly, improving your life skills. If you have something on your mind always look to talking with family and friends about it, even if you have different point of views.

You may not think about it all of the time but you are very bias to what you like including, food, drinks, pets, names, school, you name it. You can do it whenever, it is like asking someone if they like dogs or cats better, most people are quick to jump to the answer and that is bias towards the animal that they like better. When you talk to other people even that are not like you, you can see why other people like dogs or cats and their pro's to it. It's just like taking a poll in the classroom or bar graphing who is wearing a different type of shoe, but you are taking the knowledge and exporting it into your decision. So, next time talk to other people so your not bias and you get to see the positive and negative of your decision.

Have you ever heard of the quote "The more you know the better you are off," Unknown. That quote is one-hundred percent true because you gain so much more brainpower when talking to others. Most adults when they are having a hard time deciding something they ask other adults, and that usually brings down the negative part. What they don't understand is when you ask a kid they can turn your idea into something brilliant that you may of never thought of. Taking to kids is even more smart idea to do when it is something fun because then you can bring their fun into your idea and make it more exciting. Next time don't just talk to people your age, talk to everyone around you.

There are so many skills you need for life out there you can't count them all. It just happens that communicating with people is a huge life skill. More outgoing people don't even blink at the option to go and talk to someone when shyer people need a little help, and seeking other peoples opinions during school or outside of it is a great way to get people out of their shell. Talking to someone is more then a life skill it is a everyday skill and that is why it is so greatly important. The best way to improve at it is to do it.

The next time you want advise talk to more than yourself, one other person, or even five people. While you don't need to go and talk to everyone off of the street or who you walk by you don't only want your thoughts in your head. When seeking other peoples opinions you can see both points of view, have more knowledge and common knowledge, and finally have better life skills. Try it out and see how better your own opinions come, I'm sure they will come from weak one to stronger ones it a matter of days.