Student's usual school day lasts about 6-8 hours. After school, students usually like to kick back and relax. Some student's might actually have things to do after-school, like sports or schoolwork. However, if they're principal takes that privilege away from them, they're after-school routine may change. Instead of having time to complete assignments, students may feel rushed to finish now that their extra time away from them. Schools should not require their students to take an extracurricular activity due to students not having time to commit to the activity, and because their stress levels may increase.

Students also might not be able to fully commit to an extracurricular activity because of their lack of time to do so. Students may already have an after-school activity that is not part of the school's extracurricular program. Some students actually need to stay home, not just to relax, but for their family. For instance, a student might need to stay home and watch over their younger sibling. Students should have a life out of school as well, and not be stuck in school every weekday. Extracurriculars, being mandatory, act as an obstacle in student's daily life. When students are out of school, they should use their extra time on things they want to do, not just things they have to do.

Being required to do extracurricular activities will also increases student's stress levels. Schoolwork is already very difficult for students by itself, why should they add on to this stress? Students need time after school to catch up on work, and what's keeping them from doing this? The mandatory extracurricular activities. Due to this amount of stress, student's may not get the chance to finish their work. Late assignments will increase, which will bring down student's grades very quickly. More missing work will increase, too, which will bring their grade down even more. Adding more after-school activities, whether it's academic or not, will cause students unnecessary stress.

So whats the issue? After-school activities block the chance for a student to actually live life out of school. School is very long and stressful, and students don't need added stress. Extracurricular activities are also very time consuming, and won't give students time to complete schoolwork or even attend other non-school related activities. Again, schools should not have mandatory extracurricular activities because students don't have time to attend them, and their stress levels will increase.