Summer projects are a good way to make sure that the students are continuing to learn over the summer.

Most projects are designed by the teachers, and some are designed by the students.

Personally I would like to think that having a project designed by a teacher would benefit me more.

When a project is designed by a teacher, it insures that students know exactly what their teachers want, and makes sure that the students are not choosing extremely controversial topics.

Also, students who are given teacher designed projects, are generally more relieved.

In all, summer projects that are designed by teachers are usually better when it comes to providing detailed instructions on what to do.

When a student knows what a teacher specifically wants for their project, it typically rasises the score of the final product.

For instance, when I get a paper with detailed instructions on what to do, it raises my score.

This is due to the fact that I have done absolutely everything that the teacher is asking for.

It provides me with a list of things that I need to do in order to fully complete my work.

Teachers who design their projects often choose topics for the students to talk about.

This helps with making sure that the students do not choose anything that is too extreme for school.

For example, I typically recieve a paper listing several names of books that my teacher is asking us to read and write an essay on.

It helps by making sure that students don't pick books that are too short, too extreme, or books that are not advanced enough for their grade level.

It narrows down the number of books to a small amount that are all similar in length and that are at the students reading level.

In all, teachers that design their projects, for the students, often give only a few ideas that a student can choose from to use in their projects.

Which, in favor, limits the number of bad topics that a student might choose from.

Students are relieved when it comes to having detailed instructions for projects.

It also insures that the students won't have a project that is either too short or too long.

Instructions provide students with information that helps the student complete their work in time for school.

Students who are given instructions are often done faster and usually have a more developed and completed work.

I, for one, appreciate when a teacher gives me a project with all of the needed information on the instructions.

This helps by giving me a list of tasks to complete.

For instance, when creating a presentation, it is helpful when teachers give students a list of required information that needs to be included in their presentations.

I understand that some projects need to be designed by the students.

Projects that may need to be student designed are ones that include physical activities, and scientific/research projects, which requires students to conduct research and run tests based on what their topic is about.

Other reasons why some people might choose to let students design their own projects is that they may not have the time to create and fully develop a list of isntructions and ideas that could potentially help both the teacher and their students.

In conclusion, I personally believe that when a teacher designs a summer project, it relieves both the stress of the student and the teacher.

Teachers do not have to worry about whether or not they will recieve a piece of work that is too extreme for school, a work that is not advanced enough for the student, or a piece that isn't completed.

Also, the students are more likely to understand what they have to do: and in all, students are more confident when it comes to presenting their topics.

This is due to the fact that the teacher has provided them with the necessary information that the students need to have in order to hand in a complete work.