Do you think others thoughts are worth hearing? Would you trust someone else's opinion? These are some questions for you to think about. Seeking others for advice to make a better choice is helpful because you get more than one point of view, you have someone you can rely on, and will have better thoughts on different situations.

You're getting someone else's perspective. This gives another persons opinion on the situation. Another persons opinion almost always overrides your own because they are giving you a different thought in your mind and it makes you second guess your own thought. It's a reliable source to use when you are in a tight spot. A reliable source is something or someone that you can trust to be right and it helps get great information out of. This gives you better ideas on how to do things differently. Sometimes better ideas that others say is all you need because if you have a better idea on how to handle things differently you have a better solution. A different perspective is like good cop bad cop they look at things differently.

You have a dependable person to talk to. Sometimes all someone needs is to be heard. Good listeners are always a good thing because they will listen to the things you say and will try to problem solve. Someone you trust and know will help you out. Almost all the time a person you can trust is the right person to talk to because you know they won't judge you and will help you clear things up. Someone you can rely on even if you are in a rough spot. A person that is reliable and you know you can depend on them for anything is always a keeper because they are the people who will help you make the right choices and will keep you on the right path. Having a dependable person is like having a conscious it will tell you right from wrong.

Dozens of peoples opinions are not always reliable. However, some people might say that a lot of people are not always a reliable source. It depends on who you chose to get advice from. People who you don't trust or depend on. These are the people you should not get advice from because they are not a dependable source and you do not know if they will lead you down the wrong path.

Seeking others for advice to make a better choice is helpful because you get more than one point of view, you have someone you can rely on, and you will have better thoughts on different situations. People who chose to make better choices and ask others for help succeed in life more than people who don't. Better choices lead you down a successful path and asking others for advice when you think something is wrong is the first way to get there.             