Imagine, You couldnt sleep all night. You can feel your eyes drooping in class. You hear the bell ring and jump out of your seat, but then you remember you have to go to year book club. Almost all students want to go home as quickly as possible. Once they hear the bell ring they are almost sprinting out of the classroom. One main cause of this is students not getting enough sleep. A lot of these activities don't catch the interest of many students. If you make students attend extracurricular activities, they might as well pull all-nighters everyday. Students should not have to participate in extracurricular activities because, they might not have enough time, some students feel safer at home, and finally some kids might not be comfortable.

Firstly, students might not have enough time. Homework is a big part of schools. Many classes give out large projects that take students hours to finish. By adding a mandatory extracurricular, it can shorten their time to do homework. This can cause them not to get enough sleep. Also, some students may participate in other activities outside of school. Such as, having a job or pre-payed activities. A lot of students baby sit, or dog sit to earn some of their own money. Hardly anybody will give up this opportunity of being able to earn their own money at this age. Finally, some students may have family commitments. Family traditions are common amongst the variety of diverse students. Many cannot miss these functions. Getting these students to participate is very hard, since they almost would never be able to make it. Even though some students may want to come, their parents wont let them attend because of these family traditions or commitments. Another example of a family commitment is having a responsibility at home. For example some kids might have to wash the dishes every Wednesday, or fold the laundry every Monday. If they have homework and chores to do, plus somewhere to go after school, it will add up. Students can become stressed. In conclusion, students might not have enough time.

Secondly, some students may feel safer at home. All teachers want students to feel like school is a safe environment, but it might not be as safe for some. Students could have experienced past trauma. For instance, they could have medical problems which caused them to pass out or have a bad reaction. There could also be a place at school where students dont feel as comfortable. All these scenarios could have traumatized them. They could have never seen the school the same way. Would you really want someone to stay somewhere that they dont feel comfortable in for a another hour then they are required? Also, a lot of students experience bullying. This causes them to dread going to school because they don't want to face that one person who makes them feel like nothing. If they stay in school another hour, they would hate school even more. This can cause them to lose interest in even more classes, even their favorite classes. Also many students have not made friends at school like many others. They might not fit in as well, or they just simply like being alone. Once they come home they instantly feel more comfortable in their surroundings. In conclusion, some students may feel safer at home.

Lastly, some pupils might not be comfortable in this environment. Many might not be comfortable working with other kids, which many of these activities require students to do. A lot of students also might not enjoy the activities offered. Most students feel very out of place in a class that they dont enjoy. For example, if a student is put into an art class, but they don't know how to draw, they are going to feel very left out from the artists in the class. Then, students will begin to drop out of the class. The same thing could happen with after-school clubs. If students never find the right club they wont want to come anymore, since they don't feel like they belong in any of them. Also, some students might be more comfortable at home. They can get along better with their parents than some people at school. This means that they enjoy going home a lot more than school. In conclusion, some kids may not be as comfortable.

All in all, It should not be mandatory for students to participate in extracurricular activities because, their time might be restricted, they might feel more comfortable at home, and finally they might not enjoy being there. Kids should be able to go home once school ends. They should't be forced to do anything by the school. If these activities are not mandatory, after a long day at school, you can come home and meet your comfy bed once again. 