The thought of being able to work from home is idealistic for a lot of students. Of course there are pros and cons of attending classes from home, however, physically attending school is for the better. Offering distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing, would damage the educational experience of a student. Students should physically attend school because it will increase social skills, it may be easier to understand in person, and it may be too comfortable working at home.

Social Skills are a key component of learning through any type of school. The interaction between other students is extremely valuable because it builds relationships and confidence. Learning how to be more social with students and staff also enables the ability to understand and respect people of other cultures. In adulthood, it is urgent to know how to respond to other cultures and social differences. Also, social skills are a necessity for future careers of the students. If a students at home, their social ability will be hindered and they will be disadvantaged in the future.

When a student is physically present in a classroom, the educational understanding is stronger. Teachers tend to connect with students, which often result in stronger academic growth. Teachers are also able to learn the different learning styles of their students. This tremendously helps because it enables better responses from the teacher so that the student is able to comprehend. It may be easier to get help or understand a topic if the student is able to personally ask for a better understanding. For example, one student may be a visual learner, so the teacher may incorporate a hands-on activity for the student to do so that it will be easier for the student to understand.

The increased level of being comfortable may hinder work ethic. The academic atmosphere is never as high in a home as it is in an actual school. Being at home results in having a relaxed mindset and less seriousness. It may be harder for a student to take their work seriously. There is just something extremely different between working in a classroom and working in your bedroom. It is preferred that the student completes the work in a work space. Some may argue that some households have a work space, however the teenage mindset does not change from the bed to the to home office. The process of getting up, packing their bag, and catching the bus are all key components of preparing the teenage mindset for the workload they are about to receive.

The better option of the two, is to attend school as a student and be physically present on campus. Social skills and comprehension will increase and grow stronger while at school, which are two things that are needed for adulthood. Not only that, being too comfortable may academically damage the student's work ethic. It's easier to academically make a name for yourself instead of struggling behind a screen. 