A girl is deciding whether she should take her job offer. The job gives her many new oppourtinuties, but she is required to move away from her friends and family. Her friends are giving her mixed opinions, between staying here with them or following her dreams. Her family is telling her that she should take the job. The CEO of the company is begging for her to join them. She is extremely confused and doesn't know what to do. Asking many people for advice gives her a better platform for making her decision. If she had just asked for one opinion, she might have listened to it without hearing the other side. Getting advice from various individuals can help an individual get different opinions, see the pros and cons of each side, and also boost the chance that they see which choice is the best. When asking people for advice, it is better to seek multiple opinions in order to make the better choice.

Sometimes, when making a difficult decision, people are blind sighted and can not see all the possibilities at once. When first introduced to the decision, it is easy to just think of one obvious solution and go with it, but asking different people for their opinion can help create new ways to go about that decision. A couple years ago, my family and I were staying at an AirBnB on the beautiful main island of Puerto Rico. We were scheduled to depart for San Juan the next day, and then come back to the main island. However, we did not book anywhere to stay the night that we would come back. My mother frantically searched for unreserved hotels and AirBnBs, but nothing was available. After an hour of utter chaos, I asked Generic_Name, the owner of the AirBnB, suggestions on where we could stay. She said that we were more than welcome to stay at her place again, since it was not filled yet. If we did not decide to ask her about our dilemma, we might have ended up sleeping on a beach! More people being asked for advice causes more solutions to be unlocked.

After seeing all of the different decisions, it is helpful to consider every single one and what the impact of it would be. Someone might think that their decision of closing a grocery store is a great idea and will help the traffic flow better, but after talking to their peers, they might see that this idea could leave many people without a primary source of food. Not only does seeking multiple opinions help an individual eliminate bad ideas, but it can also help that person weigh the pros and cons of each idea. Although nothing is perfect, with a close examination of each choice, the different ways to go about the decision can be narrowed down to a couple efficient solutions. As Albert Einstein once said, "You will never know your lives fullest potential unless you consider all sides to every decision." Asking various people for their input on a decision can help highlight the advantages and disadvantages of making one choice versus another.

Seeing the negatives and positive ultimately leads to making the better choice. If a person asks 20 people for advice, there would be a higher chance of them making the best decision rather than if they only asked two people. A study conducted at the University of Ohio began with two 15 year old boys. Both of them were given the same decision to make, but one of them was allowed to seek advice from others, while the other one wasn't. The decision they had to make was whether schools should incorporate healthier foods into their cafeteria. The first boy, who was allowed to ask others for their opinion, argued that schools should add healthier foods because it creates good eating habits, lowers the amount of unhealthy students, and gives students a chance to make better choices. However, the boy who didn't have the chance to ask for outside opinions stated that schools should not bring in healthier food because it does not taste as good as junk food. After this experiment was done repeatedly with different students, the university concluded that 95% of the time, the student who asked for advice made the better decision. This experiment highlights the advantages of asking for advice from others, since it helps people see the best choice under their circumstances.

Although there is never a clear-cut answer to every problem, asking multiple people for advice can make the right choice a bit more obvious. Listening to others gives different opinions on the matter, weighs the advantages and disadvantages of each opinion, and also bolsters the chance of making the best decision easier to see. As Barack Obama always preaches, "You are never alone in life, so why isolate yourself? The people surrounding you want to help you, so let them."