"Unmasking the AFace on Mar's"

Many people beleive there is other life forms on Mars. Recently NASA Found an odd landform on Mars in the region Cydonia. The landform looks exactly like a human's face. People claim that this Face looks like a great Egyption Pharoh, and that the Face was created by other life forms or "aliens." But, Cydonia is a region known for its various mesa's and landforms. Still the Face caught many veiwers attention.

Since, Cydonia has various landforms it led NASA to beleive that the Face was just some other natural landform. Garvin says in paragraph 12,"What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa-landforms common around the American West." "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho." This peice of evidence proves that the landform could very easilly be natural. For Earth has hundreds of natural landforms.

So, when the Face hit Hollywood people went wild and decided that it must be aliens. Conspiracy theorists claim,"Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars--evidence that NASA would rather hide." This claim makes people even more skeptical of how the Face was actually formed. The Face began to show up in magazines and movies. People sharing how they beleive the Face actually formed. Even though many people wanted to beleive there was life on Mars(including NASA) they had to stick to the evidence.

On April 8, 2001 the Mars Global Surveyor was nearing the Face. It was a cloudless day and Garvin and his team were hard at work adjusting the Spacecraft so it would center the Face in the camera for a clear photo. When it came time,"Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution." The clear photo helped prove that the Face was actually just a natural landform. That was caused by an isolated mesa.

Although, many people want to beleive that alien's created this odd landform called the Face. A lot of evidence proves other wise. Cydonia is a place known for mesa's and Earth has hundreds of odd landforms that seem to be Alien. Think that one day you could visit the Face of Mars istead of The Man in the Moon!  