Do Aliens Really Exist?

Do you think the face on Mars was created by aliens? Well, I think the face is just a natural landorm. They're isn't that much evidence that proves aliens creating this unknown face. People think just because it looks like a face means its a sign of life. However, they're is enough evidence to prove that this tremendous unknown face is just a natural landform.

First, NASA said the face looks like a sign of life but figured it was just a another Martian mesa, because stuff like this is common. But the face's unusual shadows made it look like an Egyptian Pharoah. Later on, NASA unveiled the image with a caption noted "Huge rock formation which resembles a human head, formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes,nose, and mouth." The authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars with the Face.

Second, in paragraph 7, it says when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. When the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing a natural landform. After all, there was no alien monument or any sign of life. People were still not satisfied, it says in the text. However, some people just need to face the facts when it comes to disappointment.

Lastly, another reason to prove that the unknown mask is just a natural landform. In paragraph 12 the author says what the picture actually shows is the martian equivalent of a butte or mesa- landforms common around the American West. Then says" Reminds him most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho." Finally, Gavin also says "Thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the face on Mars. " Which means they go through the same process to be created-landform.

However, their is a possibility that there are aliens on mars. The face on Mars does have eyes, nose, and mouth. Which makes the formation look like a human face. In paragraph 8, the author says that if the camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face, alien markings must've been hidden by the Haze. However, there's not enough evidence to prove this sign of life on Mars.

Finally, after all, there is enough evidence to prove that the face is just a natural landform. Their are also many other reasons to prove this correct. Aliens do not exist on Mars. Maybe NASA will find more evidence to prove there is life on Mars but right now there isn't enough to prove that. The bottom line is that there is no sign of life on Mars.

.             