Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Many people deal with the daunting task of community service. I for one believe that community service shapes our world and makes it a better place . I do community service and there is opportunity's for everyone , whatever they may like. It doesn't have to be your hole life ,but you can certainly spend a good amount of time on it. Our future is in our hands get ready for us to shape it.

We as kids, teens, or young adults have are the future of our community. We are going to live here for the rest of our lives we will need to make changes that we would made for our self's. If you want to eliminate drugs in your community then you should start a mentor program for kids and young adults. I believe that we can and will change the future of this planet because only us can make this world a better place.

I love to work with animals. So as my personal community servicer I volunteer at my local animal shelter. Anybody can find a volunteer opportunity in whatever area they like most. For example if you like cars work at a place that fix's cars in the community. I think we should enforce the rule of community service because we can and will make a difference.

The service doesn't have to be your whole life. It can be a couple hours a week or a couple days a week. As long as you help that's all anyone needs. If you do choose to make it your life than don't forget your family and friends because no one wants to be left with no friends or family.

In conclusion, I believe that you should enforce community service in schools because only the children shape the world. Also, there's a job for everyone you just have to look. Finally, you can spend as much time as you want on your job as long as your helping someone . In the end what everyone is really doing is helping the community in more ways than one, even though some people may say its not worth it when you see the face of joy n the person's face you are help at that very moment that's all that matters. Thank you for reading this.

Your Student,

STUDENT_NAME