Dear Principle,

Policy 1 should be chosen. Policy 2 should not be chosen because some students have to have their phones with them at school, their parents require them to. Also for some students their phones are the only way they know how they are getting home after school.

Policy 1 should be chosen because at school students are concentrating and working hard all day. They only get one hour of brake (lunch) and four minutes between each class (passing period). While they are on brake it would be nice if they could take out their phone and be able to text or do whatever they want. As long as they are completely off in the classroom. The only reason students aren't aloud to have phones during school is to prevent cheating (during lunch and passing periods, cheating really isn't an issue.) and to keep the phone from ringing and disrupting the class. If they had their phones during brakes and the teacher made sure the phone was completely off during class time, then it would not be an issue.

If policy 1 was chosen it would keep everyone from braking the rules. They only reason students text during class and have their phone on during class is because they don't have a specific time they are aloud to use their phones. If they had a specific time they could use their phone, they wouldn't need to text in class.

Choosing policy 1 would also make the students' grades increase. Whenever they are texting in class they aren't paying attention to the teacher. If they had a time they were aloud to use phones, they wouldn't need to text in class, so they would pay attention to the teacher, which in turn would raise their grades, making the school, teacher, and principle look good.

Some students don't do their work because they get lazy and they don't have anything to look forward to. If they were aloud to have their phones out during passing periods they would have something to look forward to so they would keep doing their work in order to be able to get out their phone.

Sincerely,

Student