Most adults who participated in extracurricular activities say that they have helped them through their lives. Although they might have helped them, some students never had the opportunity to participate in them. My principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I agree with him because extracurricular activities help students learn time management, meet new people, and they learn amazing skills to use outside of school and when applying for a job.

Students who participate in an extracurricular activities learn outstanding time management skills. They have to balance their school work and have to find time for practice and meetings. Also, they lean how to plan for things, and get everything done before a deadline. For instance I have to get my homework early for the days that I know I have practice or a game. Lastly, they will learn when to put their education fist and when to leave practice early to study or do their homework.

Another benefit for students are they meet new people and gain new friends for life. When doing an extracurricular activity you spend the majority of you days with them, so you end up gaining many friends because you spend so much time together. Also you might become friends with people who you might not have normally hangout with. For example I have made many new friends playing softball that I would not have normally talked to them.

Also by participating in an extracurricular activity you learn many good skills you can use when in class or even when you leave school and you're looking for a job. When doing these activities you learn good work ethics, which will benefit you when applying for a job,most employers look for a good work ethic when hiring. Also you learn how to deal with people you don't particularly like, for example you might have a coach you do not like or a teammate who you do not agree with. However you learn to work with them in the long run, and learning how to work with them will help tremendously when you have a boss or co-worker that you have to work with. Lastly, you learn how to work with a team and how to come to an agreement with them, you also learn when to argue and notice when not to.

In conclusion, I agree with the principal in his decision to have everybody participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I agree because the activities help students learn time management, they meet new people, and learn amazing skills to use outside of school and when applying for a new job.