When you ask for advice most of the time you usually ask more than one person. It will be better to ask different people to see what their opinion on the situation is. It will probably make you happy with the advice that they will give you. You would have also talked to multiple people and you might agree with what they have said. If you ask multiple people they might help you make a better choice. When you ask for advice it is better when you ask multiple people because some people will be older, some people might know you longer, and you will have different options.

First, on when you ask for advice why it's better to ask older people. For example, they will be more wiser than other people. Another example is, they might have more experience with the situation. Since they are older and they might understand you more. Also, they have more knowledge since they are are older. So they will know more and they will help you more. They will also probably help you make a better choice.

Second, on when you ask for advice why it's better to ask people that know you longer. For example, you probably talk to them all the time because they know you longer. So they will probably have good advice to give you. Another example is, they know you more because they know you more they will give you good advice. Also, you see them all the time. So they can probably tell when you need advice before you know that you need advice.

Lastly, on when you ask people for advice it is better to ask different people because it gives you different options. For example, you will see different peoples points of view in the situation. Another example is, they won't be bias on the advice they will give you. They won't be giving you the advice that you want to hear they will give you the advice that they think is better for you. Also, you will also have different options to choose from.

In conclusion, it is better to ask multiple people for advice because some people will be older, some people might know you longer, and you will have different options of advice. Multiple people will have given you different advice. You will also not be as stressed because you have talked to multiple people and they all gave you advice. You would also probably be more satisfied with the advice people have given you. This is why it's better to ask different people for advice. They will also make sure that you make a better choice with the advice that they gave you.