Student are given summer projects, so they can keep needed information and skills when they are out of school. Though many wonder who should make the projects in the first place, the teachers or the students. It is undeniable that teenagers need autonomy, but teachers could do more with summer projects. They could prepare students for the next year, lessen the need to rush student learning and make students more comfortable in the class.

Many would say that teenagers need more autonomy, so having them do their own project would be better for their development. This fails to note that many teenagers already have things to do over the summer, and it would be a more of a bother to make them design a project themselves while also having it be on topic. A teacher designed project would give students a better understanding of where the class project expectations are, so they can attempt to meet them better at the start of the year.

Teacher made projects can give students an idea of the course that they will be taking once school begins. They could do research on topics and math reviews as an example. The students would be able to accurately get something to do over the summer to prepare, and it would be significantly harder if they had to do that on their own. By having the teachers design the projects, it makes a direct way for a student to prepare.

Teacher made projects would also lower the need to rush at the start of the year. The time students need to learn is a constant worry in schools. If teachers could get students ready to start off the year well, it would lessen the need to rush students into review. This helps teachers plan out their classes in a more effective manner, and it helps them have more control over the students preparation. The extra learning time would also help make up lost time from school days unexpectingly getting canceled. Teacher made projects would be a significant help to their planning and organization

Lastly projects made by teachers will make class better because a more confident group of students will enter their classroom on the first day of school. They will know more on the class, as well as on it's topics. This will help the class run better and make students more confident on what they worked on over the summer. Instead of them worrying about if their project was the right thing to do, they can know that they did prepare in the way the teacher intended.

In conclusion, teachers should design summer projects because it gives the student a direct way to prepare, lessens the rush to learn and makes students feel more comfortable in the class, and though teenagers need autonomy we should help them prepare. 