Dear Principal,

Students at our school should be able to play the sports they play, even if the student has a low grade. The student could continue playing sports through college, and maybe have a successful career in sports. Students should at least be able to play a sport with any grade, because it does not matter about how their grades are, they should be good in the sports they play in. For example: Lets say my friend has a low grade, just one. You shouldn't kick him off of whatever sport he plays, because, what would he think of the school then? And the student would be really upset, as he was just kicked off his sports team, because of one bad grade. This new policy would be very unfair to girls and boys who play sports, because what would the child say to their parent? The parent of the child would be really upset, because their child was kicked off of the sport they were playing. If many of the students have a C grade average, the student with the grade should still be able to play on their sports team. If I was kicked off my sports team, just for having on C on my report card, I would tell my parents and they would not be happy. My parents would want me to do good in school, too, but sports give students something to do, rather than sit at their houses, waiting for dad or mom to come home from work. Sports are a good education for any kid, and taking away what they do best, whether it be tossing a football, or playing lacrosse. What I am saying is, if you take a kid away from sports, he is basically being pulled from more education, as sports can have strategies just like math can. Sports are good to do after school, as the students can relax sometimes and just enjoy being kids. Sports can make a kid more muscular, and sports can also use some tactics that are sometimes used in math. When the kids go home, then they can do their homework, and relax after the homework is done. Kids are learning some great things from sports and the students could get a career in sports, because they played sports so much in school. Principals should not ban kids from their sports just because they did not get one single good grade. This would not be a fair policy to me, as if the whole school had at least one C average, and the whole school played sports, wouldn't that be a little harsh kicking every student off of their sports teams? Sports can help reduce stress at times, like football. If a kid is having a bad day, and he has a football game tonight, he could tackle somebody and feel better. Just keep in mind that, if the whole school had at least one C average on their report cards, it would not be fair to just ban kids from their sports, because a lot of people play sports, and you just can't kick everyone off of their teams, because this would be very unfair.