The electoral college should be abolished and the popular voting election should be adopted. Two reasons as to why it is better to switch to a popular vote election is because it would make the election process easier and it is what the citizens prefer.

To start with, the election should be decided using popular voting because it would make the election process easier.  If one were to read the information of the electoral college he or she would become easily confused.  It would make more sense to just switch over to a popular voting rather than stick with the electoral college.  Its simple, if a candidate were to recieve more votes than his or her opponent he or she would win the election and become president.  Rather than now with the whole "Voters vote not for the president, but for the slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." mess.  In the section "What's wrong with the electoral college" the text states that sometimes voters get confused about the electors and end up voting for the wrong candidate.  Clearly, it would be a lot easier to rid of the electoral college and instead adopt the idea of using popular voting.

We should adopt the popular voting when electing a president because it is what the citizens of said country prefer.  According to source 2: "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now.  Is this country oblivious to the fact that they are forcing citizens to participate in voting in a way that they do not enjoy?  This country is supposed to give the citizens what they want, and are instead doing the opposite.  Citizens also would like to have the person who is in command of said country someone they like and or choose, not some other candidate choosen with the least amount of votes.  Do what the a majority of the citizens want instead of what the leaders of the country want. Obviously, we should abolish the electoral college and participate in popular voting because it is what the citizens of said country prefer.

In a nutshell, said country should adopt the popular voting method and abolish the electoral college method of voting because it is easier and it is what the citizens of that country prefer. The electoral college confuses citizens and as the result 60 percent of the country would prefer popular voting rather then the disaster they call an electoral college.    