The Facial Action Coding Systems is valuable in a classroom because it makes things in the classroom go more effectively if a student doesn't understand. It will also help if a student or your friend is not feeling ok this machine could help prevent anything bad happening, or help your friend or student have a better day. This machine can help in so many ways and it is very valuable in the classroom for many people. Yes, it might get distracting at times for some people but it is still very helpful. In the article it states "His new computer software stores similar anatomical inmformation as electronic code."

The machene is so very helpful and is can help in so many ways. One reasone the machine is effect is because of school purposes, it helps the teacher make the lesson more clear to others who don't understand and helps kids who don't understand pass the class. in the article it states ' "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,'...'Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.' " This reveals that the machine can help a student and a teacher all in one because it can modify things for you and it can help a teacher out by explaining it more to a student who doesn't understand. Another reason why the machine is so effective is because if someone such as a family or friend is having a bad day you can by the look on their face. Although can you really tell what they are actually feeling. The machine can do it all, it can tell you how you're feeling just by the look on you face wich most people can not do. In the article it states "Yet Dr. Huang observes that artists such as da Vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial mucles precisely enough to convvey specific emotions." This unveils that the machine can show you your specific emotions and tell you exactly how you are feeling. This also proves that the machine is very affective and can be helpful in so many ways. This machine is valubale in the classroom and is very much needed. All of your emotions on the machine arwe compared to a nuetral face so that means all of your emotions willl be precise and really will tell you your exact emotion.

In conclusion the machine is very effect and can be used in the classroom. The the machine can also tell you if your being truthful about your emotions and identifies every muscle in your face. in the article it states "To an expert, faces don't lie; these muscles clues are sometimes used to spot when 'smiling' politician or celebrity isn't being truthful." This proves that if you want to find out if somone is lieing or not telling the truth you can find out by the machine. It all comes down to the machine and you will be very pleased by the results you get because the Facial Action Coding Sytem is very helpful. It will help a lot of people and it helps in a lot of ways. It is very valuable in a classroom and it helps students or other people find out some things that are helpful to them, thereofre it should be used in a classroom.