Although some people may find learning online as a bad thing because it is not as effective as being in school. It actually can be really beneficial to the students, for example: kids who prefer one on one with the teacher, kids can focus better without having too many distractions, and students can go at their own pace when learning the material. In this paper, we will be discussing how offering the chance to learn at home can be good for the students.

One reason why kids would benefit from learning at home is they will be able to focus more. Lots of kids in school seem to get easily distracted by friends, their phone, and by their surroundings in school whether it be inside or outside. But, with learning online you can be in the comfort of your own home with as little distractions as possible. When you attend your class at home you'll be more focused and get more work done. Which will only help you more in the end. When it comes to being in school, the students tend to get easily distracted than they normally would be at home. Students getting the chance to do work at home will only benefit them more for the future. If they're able to focus more now at home doing work, that amount of focus will stick with them especially when they have a job or when they're off to college.

The second reason onto why learning online is good is you'll be able to go at your own pace. In school, sometimes teachers can go really fast and you won't understand a single thing about the material. Even when telling a teacher to slow down, it doesn't always help. They might speed right back up. But when it comes to learning at home, you're able to go as slow as you want or as fast as you want. When you learn at your own pace, it can help you understand your material more in depth than you normally would in school. Going at your own pace can make things seem easier to learn or do. It also puts less pressure on you trying to learn the material on the spot at that given moment. Learning how to work at your own pace is good because it'll show you not to rush your work and to take time with doing it.

Some people might have a different opinion when it comes to online learning. Some may say kids will take advantage of this opportunity and not do anything or they will say it's just not as effective as physically being in school with others. Online learning may not work for everybody though. Like, some kids need a teacher to be there when they have questions because it's easier for them to have someone there at all times and not just through a screen. With the kids who need teachers to be there for them, it might be hard to adjust to these new accommodations. While other students may not always have access to the internet or power. Which would mean said student would not be able to attend their online classes and get any work done.

In conclusion, online learning can be a lot more beneficial than people anticipated. It can be a more effective tool for kids to learn where they are most comfy without all the distractions around them. Although, certain aspects to learning online can be fixed, it has deemed itself quite beneficial. So, if kids were given this opportunity to learn from home, it would only benefit students greatly by being easy to learn one on one with a teacher, being able to focus more at home with no distractions, and being able to learn and work at your own pace without feeling rushed. 