There are schools that sometimes encourage or require teachers to assign a project over summer break. This is beneficial because it keeps the student actively learning. Sometimes when students come back after having a long period of break, and if they did not kept actively learning, it can be difficult to get back on track. If schools were to assign summer projects for the students, I think that it would be more beneficial for the project to be student-designed, because students have more control over the level of difficulty, more creativeness, and it can motivate them to do it.

When students have more control over the level of difficulty, they can decide how challenging the project should be. There are times when teachers have handed out activities, projects, or classwork where they can be a bit too challenging or stressful for some students. For example, I was once given an assignment in history, where I had to research a topic and then write five pages maximum. This was hard for me, because it was a big jump as to what I would usually write, and over time it just ended up stressing me and I felt as if I really did not gain much information out of it. However, when in another class we were given a year-long project that was student-designed, I learned so much more and had a better experience. Even though we did also make the project challenging, it was not too overwhelming for al. We had a better opinion as to how much we were capable of without it becoming overwhelming and stressful. When students decide how challenging the project should be for them, it can help them learn better and actually apply the new learned knowledge, compared to when teachers decide.

If projects were student-designed, the students have a better chance of being more creative and expressing better. Nobody really likes to do tasks that are boring for them, or where their creativity is tight. I once had a science project where I was allowed to be creative, and since that was the case I not only learned and understood the information better, but my grade improved as well. There are many times, that I have proved that when the projects were created by the students, students learned much more because they liked it and they could express themselves better. Sometimes when teachers limit their students, it can become very stressful an unpleasant for the students. Not many can successfully learn and grow in an environment like that.

Summer break is supposed to be fun vacations and a stress-free time period; yet, it students should still be actively learning during the break. However, if projects are assigned, then students should be allowed to create them themselves in order to make them more fun. When projects, or even simple task can be made in a fun way, it can be less stressful and more enjoyable. That way, many more students would be more motivated to actually do the project and put effort into it. When there is motivation, and things are done thoroughly, the ending results tend to reflect that. For example, when students have to study for a test, and they are given study guides with just questions it really does not help motivate some students to study. Unlike when students who use different study tools, such as games or more interactive activities, this makes the task more fun and wanting to put effort.

When projects are fun and more creative, students can learn, understand, and apply the information better. Learning over the break can also be helpful so when returning back to school, they have retained the old information, yet have learned new one too. I think that projects that are student-designed are more successful than teacher-designed projects, because students can decide the level of difficulty fit for them, there is more creativeness, and it can be more effective and motivational. 