Texting & Driving

Recently, people have more and more smart phone. Not only do they have smart phones but more people drive. Texting while driving is proven to be dangerous and hazardous to you and others. With people texting and driving it creates more car accidents and even deaths. The cell phone is an attention grabber that causes deaths. In the US, the government has recently been putting laws on phones being used while driving. Around the world texting and driving should be stopped to prevent any car accidents and deaths.

When a car accident happens it's not always because the person who caused it simply hit the other person but was on their phone. It states that 38% of people ages 18-24 surveyed to see if they know their own state laws on texting and driving. Within those 38% only 55% said it was illegal to text and drive. 14% of car crashes that were fatal were caused by cellphones and in 2018 4,637 people were killed due to texting and driving. People that use their smartphones while driving have the urge to pick it up and answer the phone or reply to a text message. These few seconds could lead to an accident due to traffic flow or losing control of the car.

In 2016 3,450 fatalities were caused by drivers on their phones. Texting and driving is the leading cause of teen deaths, and about 3,000 teens die each year from texting and driving. In Minnesota a teenager was in the car with her boyfriend while texting and driving, she ran a red light and t-boned into a vehicle killing a father and a 10 year old daughter, it was stated in the news article that when her boyfriend attempted to redirect her and tell her to focus on the road she ignored him and even cussed at him. These are the ignorant acts that led to the death of a father, a child, and a family

Some people may say that it is necessary to keep a phone around while driving in case of emergencies. Although that may be true, you are still more likely to use your phone regardless if its an emergency or not. States have been putting laws on phone uses which comes with fines.

In conclusion, people should not be able to text and drive. They cause deaths and injuries in the world. Death causes people to be in depression making their lives harder. Texting and driving has proves to be dangerous for you and others around you.

Citings:

https://www. thezebra. com/texting-and-driving-statistics/

https://www. thebalancesmb. com/cell-phones-and-other-driver-distractions-462423\

https://www. cbsnews. com/news/texting-and-driving-minnesota-teen-kills-father-and-daughter/         