Are driverless cars safe? A new invention of cars have been created which allows you to drive without necessarly driving. In many ways this is a smart and creative way of thinking. Though it does have some negative sides to it. Though in some cases I would argue for the developement of these cars.

In many cases driverless cars are more useful and environment friendly. It would use half of the fuel used today by most cars and offers more flexibility than a bus. Even though they are considered "driverless" they still require the same amount of attention as you would if you were actually driving. Some of these cars have been tested and can drive more than half a million miles without a crash which is higher than average vehicle which can travel less and is more likely to crash. These inventions do the samething any normal vehicle would do, they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. This means that it could give driver a break to relax while stil focusing on the road. The individual gives all prioritites to the car itself but when the driverless car senses that it there is something ahead or near that it cannot do by itself it will alert the driver. The car has things such as vibrating seats and flashing lights on the windshield to alert the driver.

Not only does the driverless car drive by itself with the help of some human skills but it also helps with safety issues. The driverless car has a invention of sensors that are on the far which are said to "Allow far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." The built in software can cause the car to apply brakes and reduce power from the engine when it detects out-of-control skids or rollovers. Also it can allow drivers to do thinks such as text and drive without having the safety issue of recking because the driverless car is driving for them and can alert the indvidual when he or she needs to take over.

Although the driverless cars have both positive and negative aspects about it there are far more positive things to say. It allows drivers safer than any human could possibly driver and it also also the driver to have a break while still being able to focus on the road. While the only negative concern is if you wreak. Therefore driverless cars have proven that they are a good and safe invention.