Summer break is a time period of relaxation for students who have worked hard all year in school. Students tend to go on vacations where they forget everything they learned throughout the year. This is why teachers assign summer projects to make sure that their students are still learning and that they still stay engaged with academics on their breaks. As a high school student myself, I dread summer projects for the reason of having to complete school work whilst on vacation. When my teacher assigns a summer project, it is usually something that is boring and not engaging with other students. Student-designed summer projects have a completely different approach to them. When students can design their own summer projects, it encourages creativity and individuality from the student, it will encourage students to engage with other classmates and it creates a wide range of available topics to learn about.

When summer projects are student-designed, it allows students to portray their creativity and individuality. When a teacher assigns a project that forces a student to do a task that is not appealing to them, they do not put in their best effort and they do not learn anything from it. For example, when a teacher asks their students to read a book and write an essay on it, students will not be inclined to complete it and will put it off until the end of summer. If the project was student-designed, the student could read the book of their choice and show their understanding of it in many ways. They could show off their creativity by creating something no other students has created, they can portray their own liking and not dread doing it like many students do with teacher-designed projects. Teachers should encourage individuality from their students and they can do this by creating student-designed summer projects.

Summer can be about engaging with friends and family and student-designed summer projects promote that. Students can engage with others to work on a project of their own liking. Engaging with other classmates helps with communication skills,leadership skills and other character traits that can help a student develop academically outside of school. Working with other students is not a necessity for summer-designed projects, where working individually has its own pros as mentioned before. This shows the effectiveness of student-designed projects as both methods of learning are both engaging and academic. Teacher-designed projects can also have students work with each other and promote the engagement with other students, however, they do not allow students to use their own liking and interests as freely when working with others. Student-designed summer projects would allow any person to work with anyone based off their interests which would most effectively help their learning experience.

Learning is meant to be engaging and interesting and student-designed projects encourages this type of learning. With student-designed summer projects, the topics that can be discussed and learned about are endless. The student has the wide range of topics they can learn about and portray their learning in a creative way so that it is an engaging and interesting experience for the student. Depending on the subject, the student can use his hobbies to create something that appeals to their interests so that they're using this experience to actually learn in an academic manner. Teacher-designed summer projects are usually limited to a small range of possibilities in terms of topics where the student is forced to learn about something unappealing which makes the learning expirecne ineffective for the students, where as student-designed projects let the students use their own interests to create a topic in which they think will most effectively complete the project

During summer break, students tend to take their mind off of academics and they forget about most of the things they learned about in the year prior. Summer projects help students engage with academics during the long break so that they are ready to come back to school once the time comes. Summer projects can be tedious for students because of the way that they are designed by teachers. Student-designed projects take away the forced work that teachers put upon their students and create an enjoyable yet effective learning experience. Student-designed summer projects can help students engage with classmates, encourage creativity and individuality and creates a wide range of discusable topics. Student-designed projects make the summer expirecne a more enjoyable time by letting the students create a project based on their own experiences and liking and not forcing them to complete tedious tasks.    