Some people don't know if it's the best decision to take others opinions. It might not be the best but it could be very helpful. If your'e not so sensitive when taking others opinions then you should do so. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a decent choice because they can move forwards with there own opinion, learn something new from somebody else opinion, and know the point people are trying to make.

People can move forward with their opinion by taking in someone else opinion and not always there own. Someone else opinion might be a little more humble than your own opinion. It might be best to listen to others opinion's. people can take in something new from other people opinions. They can hear the other person out and they might be saying something helpful that you didnt know. lastly they can teach you something that needed to be heard. People can understand the point people are trying to make. It can lead you to success, It can get you farther than where youre standing now. And it can be a life lesson.

A lot of people take opinions from their best friends, family members, or someone they are really close with. It might be very rare for someone to take an opinion from somebody they hardly know. Some people take opinions from friendly people if they have a good attitude and good body language. Most people are afraid that people will give them bad opinions but its not always like that. Some people just have to look up to the right people for the right opinions. Very little people will give you bad opinions to see you fail.

Some people have negative opinions and might comment on anything you say. Or they might give you negative opinions themselves. Those are the people you dont listen to. They will bring you down and lead you to failure. You have to just ignore all of that and not take all of the negativity in.

Not everybody have to follow everyone opinion its just to hear something other than your very own opinion. Taking in someones opinion can lead you to a better life and a good future. I think its good to take someone opinion because they might make a better choice or have a better though than you.