Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I am writing you in regards to a certain school policy. I believe that students should be able to play sports with a C average. Not all students can help whether or not their grades are all A's and B's. I mean, not everyone is perfect and not everyone is good in school, no matter how hard they try. Maybe it's the teacher's fault, maybe it's your fault. Who knows? I understand that kids can be slackers and lazy. But the outcome of that would be F's and D's. If you think that children having a C is bad, then imagine what's going to happen when you kick them off of their sports team. They're not going to care about their grades. Maybe they only kept it up because sports meant so much to them. Basically, if you take those sports away, they won't be trying anymore. They won't have that drive, and they won't have the topic of "sports" in the back of their mind every time they take a test or should be doing homework. I can honestly say that I don't like to play sports, at all. I've taken a liking to them, but I just don't find playing them very enjoyable. If you took sports from me, I wouldn't care. I get C's all the time. Imagine what grades I would have if I was pushed to get even better grades, by being told I'd have the privilege to do something I love. So I'm putting myself in my classmates' shoes. So many of them want to play basketball, lacrosse, soccer, softball, football, baseball, and more, for the rest of their lives. If you cause them to give up now, that's stopping them from doing that. You wouldn't like to be a dream crusher, now would you? So, long story short; Kids who have C's completely deserve to play sports and participate in certain activities. If you take away this new policy and let it be a warning to all students, I'm sure that some grades will go up. I'm being honest and straight-forward with you. There's no reason to take away something we love, because of a passing, acceptable grade. I hope you took what I had to say to heart, and that you think about it. I hope to hear a response soon. Thank you.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME.