Extracurriculars

Is it okay to make every student participate in an after school? Things like sports, clubs, or student council.

Although other people might think that't a great idea the answer is no. Forcing students to do an extracurricular is not okay even if said by the principle. Some reasons are that the student might not have time, they have siblings to take care of, or they might not want to first off students might not have the time to participate in after school activities. Some students have lessons outside school that are paid for by their parents. There could be students who have a lot of homework and extracurriculars could give them less time to do it. They might have a part time job that needs them to come right after school. Students don't always have as much time as the school thinks they have.

Secondly if students have siblings in elementary school and they're in junior high or high school than they might need to be there when their siblings get home from school. They may need to take care of them or make sure the house doesn't burn down. Maybe they have sick family to take care of after school. They could have chores to do when they get home. There are more things that students need to do when they get home than the school thinks.

Lastly they might just not want to do after school activities. Students spend 40 hours a week in school and who is to say (except for their parents)

what they have to do with the rest of their time. What if they want to have time to hang out with their friends out side of school. And I know that you might say that they could hang out with their friends while doing the extracurricular but that's not what they want to do. What if their friends don't go to their school? How would they get enough time to hang out. Students have lives out side of school.

Should schools force students to do an after school activity? NO! It would be okay to encourage that kind of thing but it should not be mandatory. Schools don't always know their situation and when the school day is over,

it's over. School can't make them do anything after that because it's not school time any more. It is not okay to make students do after school activitys, I rest my case.