Opinions are the reason why we have so many different personalities.

When people share their own opinion you can see all the different thoughts they have about a certain topic.

I believe that when you have different opinions you can make a better choice.

When others share their opinions you can see what others are thinking, we can know the positive and negative impact on our decisions and opinions can help you go on the right path for the future.

When you share your opinion you can see what others are thinking. For example, during a presidential debate we know what each candidate wants for our country.

We will know how they will change our country for the better or for the worse. While watching the debate it makes it easier when we go to vote. Another example is when people share their opinion through public speaking.

Claire Wineland was a public speaker and she used her voice to impact our world for the better. If you are a public speaker than you can make a difference in this world by sharing your opinion. Sharing your opinions can benefit people and make a faster decision.

The last way you can share a opinion is by using social media. Social media plays a big roll when you make a choice.

On social media people always share their thoughts.

It can show you all the different perspectives people have about a certain topic. When you share your opinion it makes it easier when we want to choose the next president or how we feel about something.

Sharing you opinions can have a positive or negative impact when we make a decision.

My sister gives me advice all the time.

My sister gives me advice about high school because I am going next year.

She said a great thing about high school is that we get to carry our backpacks around and not use lockers, when we are going to class. Carrying our backpacks can make it easier because we have everything.

A negative impact is that our backpacks become very heavy with all of our books and binders. I can decide whether I want to carry my backpack or get my supplies from my locker between classes.

Another example is when we share opinions we can help someone feel better. Sharing your opinion can help someone feel better if nobody agrees with you.

Positive opinions can make someone make an easier choice.

The last example is when someone disagrees with you.

Opinions can have a negative impact when someone disagrees with someone else.

It is harder for the person to make a choice.

Negative opinions can be confusing. Positive and negative opinions can affect how you make a decision.

Sharing your opinions can help you go on the right path. For example, our mentors can help us choose the best college. My teachers and parents give me advice about college. They can guide you because they have been to college.

They know what is expected of you and what you have to do to graduate. Another example is when my friend, (who is in 11th grade) helps me pick my high school classes.

She makes it easier for me to make a decision because she knows how hard the classes are and how much work it is.

The classes you take in high school can affect your future and job.

The last example is when people share their opinions about life in general.

My teacher said "we should all work hard so we can be successful.

This is important because if we don't listen to her advice then we might not get into a nice college or get an awesome job.

Advice from others impact your career and your daily life.

When you seek multiple opinions from others, you can make a better choice. When you share your opinions you can see what others are thinking. We can express our opinions through politics, public speaking and social media.

Getting advice from others can have a positive or negative impact, when we make a choice.

When we see the positive and negative side of things we know what the best decision is for us.

Opinions can help you go on the right path.

My elders impact my future because the give me tips on how to be successful. Having multiple opinions makes it easier when you have to make a life changing choice.