According to the articles,

'In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars'

,

'Paris bans driving dye to smog'

, and

'Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota'

, there are many advantages that can come with the limiting of car usage.

Elisabeth Rosenthal mentions many of these in her article about Vauban, Germany. One woman she quoted in the third paragraph, Heidrun Walter, says "

When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way.

" Not everyone may feel less tense after getting rid of their car, but it would definitely be a great thing. Another advatage that came with less car usage in Vauban that Rosenthal mentions in her article, is that stores started getting built about a walk away instead of in malls miles away. This is obviously an amazing point because everyone still has needs they must buy or tend to and it's much better if the places they buy the things they need are in walking distance because no one would need to use distance as an excuse to use their car.

In the fifth paragraph of Duffer's article, he makes sure to mention that car traffic was down 60% in Paris after they decided to enforce a partial ban on driving to also clear the air. If we limit car usage, their would be way less traffic, which means less time sitting in our cars aggravated about the fact that we're stuck and need to get to school or work soon or else we'll be late.

In the third article, which is written by Andrew Selsky he reports that in Bogota on their "

car-free day

" there was little to no traffic, and the annual event has reduced smog. In the fifth paragraph, he quoted a businessman named Carlos Arturo Plaza. Carlos says that the event is "

a good oppurtinity to take away stress and lower air pollution.

" The day without cars inspires you to find alternative transportation methods, which can be as simple as walking or even riding a bike which are both really healthy and great ways to get your excersise in! Selsky also notes that the day without cars has sparked the construction of more bicycle paths, bigger, nicer sidewalks and more parks and sports centers have popped up around the city. Clearly in Bogota they are taking advantage of keeping their air healthy by trying to inspire their residents to be and stay healthy as well.

Limiting car usage is not just a great way to reduce pollution and keep the planet we call home healthy, but a great way to keep us healthy, both physically and emotionally. Those are just about the best advantages that can come with anything.    