Most schools assign projects for students to complete over the summer. Almost all of those projects are designed by teachers. Students who are out of school for the summer do not want to have more work that they have to do, that they dont find fun, and interesting. Students should be able to design their own summer projects because they would put more effort in making it creative, they would want to do the project, and the majority of the students will complete the assignment on time.

First of all, students should be able to design their own summer projects because they would take more time to make it as creative as they can. Whenever I am able to design any of my projects, I always try to find a way to make it creative and put as much time that I need to achieve that goal, because I enjoy the project. However if students are forced to complete the teacher designed projects, students will not put much effort into making the project creative. They would do just enough to get by and they would not care what grade they received because students want to enjoy the summer and do things that they enjoy and find interesting.

Secondly, summer projects should be student designed because they would want to do the project. When I was in middle school, every summer teachers assigned me a summer reading packet with a list of books that you have to chose to read. I never wanted to do the project because their werent any books on the list that i enjoyed, which made me not want to do it. Students will procrastinate if they are assigned a project that they dont find fun and enjoyable which means they have to rush and they would not get a grade that will be needed to pass the class.

Finally, students should be able to design their own project because they would be complete it on time. This year, my friends and I had to complete a science fair project in a span of a few weeks, we were able to chose what the topic would be, which led us to learn and have a fun time while still completing it and turning it in on time. If the students dont like the topic for the projects they will end up putting it off until the day before it is due, and they are not able to finish it when it is due. Even if students are able to design their own project, some of them still will not complete it, but there will still be more that complete it if they were able to design the project compared to the summer projects designed by teachers.

Schools that have student designed projects are more likely to have a better turn out of completion and creativity of their projects. Students do not want to spend their summer doing something that they find boring because they just got out of school and they want a break to enjoy what they like doing. There is a better chance of them doing the project over the summer if they can design their own project. Students should be able to design their own project because they will put more effort into being creative, student should want to do the project, and their would be more students completing the projects. 