Have you ever been in a situation where you dont have any idea what to do and you ask one of your friends for help? or did not tell anyone and it backfired? Asking a friend or a trusted adult for help is a good way to get advice, but what if their was a was to make it a amazing way to get advice, would you take it? People now and days dont take into consideration that they have so many people to talk to and share their opinions with. Seeking multiple opinions is a extraordinary was to get advice. Because some people know more about the topic than others, one persons point of view might be biased, and others could possibly have more wisdom than you.

First, some people know more about the topic than others. The more people you ask the more precise your answer will be. If you only ask one person for their opinion it is the only stand you will hear, but if you ask 3 or more people for their opinion you get to hear multiple people share their views about the topic. As well as that, If you ask people to give you their opinions and the people on one side of the argument gets three votes and the other side gets zero you should most likely go with the first choice. Most people agree with that topic, there is a Spanish proverb that states "If three people call you a donkey you are probably a donkey,but you can change the way you act or in this case change the people you ask and you will not look like a donkey anymore, you might still be a donkey on the inside but on the outside you are not."Furthermore, Other peoples experience might be better than yours, so if someone was in your situation before they will know what to do and help you. Because they know firsthand what it is to be in that situation. Some people might say that it will be hard to find someone who is in the same shoes as you. To that I would say their are more people than you think who have gone through what you have, but they may have not told many people yet. So when you have a situation, seeking others opinions is a great way to get multiple peoples advice.

Second, When seeking advice it is crucial that you make sure their or your points of view on the situation are not biased. As a example, If someone has a biased point of view on a topic they will only tell you what they think is right and not tell you the other side of the story,and you dont ask anyone else about your situation you only have that one biased piece of information. This could cause you to make the wrong decision, but if you ask multiple people for their advice you will get a clue as to who is actually right in the situation. Expanding on that,When asking for opinions on a topic make sure that you ask someone you trust or you know will give you the right answers for you personally. Some examples of people you could ask are your friends,family,doctor,coach,teacher,and many more. If you ask these people, you know that they will give you the best advise, Because they only want the best from you. In addition, If you have a biased point of view on a topic you need to let that go. Because, it will cloud your head and you will not be able to take in the advice people are giving you. This happens because if you think that your view is the best or superior to another and someone contradicts that, you will not take in the facts they are telling you. If you want to get multiple opinions from people make sure your mindset is not biased. So when finding opinions its essential to make sure that you dont go out and get biased information.

Third,When finding multiple opinions for advice it is very important that you ask someone with a lot of wisdom for advice on your topic. Adding on to that, someone who is older or who has been here longer might know more than a younger person with not as much experience dealing with the real world. A senior citizen might have some experience dealing with many situations that you are going thought. Because they already went thought the hardships of life and could help you out tremendously, but some people might not know the answer fully. They will give you all of the information they know, but you have to ask more people for advice in order to get your full answer. Consequently, Someone wiser will give you a more truthful and in depth answer, they know that there are both sides to every problem and will tell you the right one. Wise people are people who are not selfish, they just want to make life easier for you because they most likely experienced what you are experiencing now. Furthermore,Somebody who is smart might not be the best person to ask, sure they are smart but they have not gone thought the things wise and elderly people have experienced. You can be smart but you cant know everything. Sometimes you have to go and ask for advice. Many people ask one person who is wise or smart for advice, but you need to know that the more people you ask for advice the better. Because some people only have half the story to get the full advice and make the best decision possible you, you half to get multiple sources. I hear people say that you know whats best for your body and that might be true, but sometimes you have to accept the fact that other people have more wisdom or knowledge than your and they would know what the best course of action is. Also people who have already been in this situation know about it, and you need to ask them for advice, not just wing it and go with what your gut tells you.

Finally,To the question I had in the beginning"Have you ever been in a situation where you you dont have any idea what to do and you ask one of your friends for help?" I would say yes but after I figured out that you need to get multiple peoples advice I would always ask 3 or more people to give me their opinion. Because people are better in one skill of life not in another, a Persons views are sometimes biased, and People have more wisdom than others. After this you need to learn to ask multiple people for advice in order to make better choices.