Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home. I agree with this statement because of multiples of reasons why. One of them is what if the kid is sick. Or another reason would be is hat that child is getting bullied by other kid and he can't take the stress of it. The last reason is that the school has the program to help kids who are bad at socializing with the other kids. The reason why I think the kids that are staying at home maybe will shock you.

Well it is kind of a no brainier that some of those kid are sick and don't go to the school. So that they don't make any other kids sick of grossed out by them. I know that seems like mean way of saying it but it is true. At least kids now of days have more compassion with them than make fun of them. But there is some who will make fun kids for no reason at all.

Yes there are kids who get bulled so much that they have to leave the school so that they can have good education. I know why those kid had to leave because I was one of those kids who had to leave. The teacher the students just did not like for some reason It might just be me but I know this much, that the kids did not like me and is fine if they think that way I will live. But others who live at home and do school work all the time he/she will probably never make new friends, see new things, over come challenges,etc.

O the the last reason why some kids want this type of program is socializing.

I know I know you might say "but a lot of kids love socializing that their thing". But have try to really socialize with someone face to face. Most of kids now are own phone or computers talking to people online but not face to face. I think thats why kid and young adults have trouble in the real world. But think with time and effort that can change. But for now we have to deal with bunch of kids who has never seen the light of day.

So in the end I agree to a limited stander. I think that these kids need to have this program. The other part of me says don't it will make them soft and I know am right. It's really hard to decide if I am for it or against it. I guess you have to take some of the good and the bad that why I agree with schools doing it.     