Imagine your principal said you had to participate in some type of extracurricular activity, how would you feel?

Would you feel like you are being forced or unable to decide what you do in your life?

Well, for many students this is happening to them.

I disagree with this decision because, some students have things they have to do after school, its the students life and they should be in control of what they do, and some parents dont have the time nor the money to do extracurricular activities.

First, some students have things they must do after school, at home some parents leave things for their kids to do that may prevent them from doing extracurricular activities.

A parent relies on their kids to watch younger siblings so they dont get in trouble.

In the afternoon the students might have to go see or help a sick family member or friend.

Sometimes parents also leave lists of chores they expect the kids to be finished with before they arrive home, and its part of the kids responsibilities to get them done.

Also most teachers give out homework that the kids have to turn in next class, when these students have 6-8 classes and homework in most of then it may be hard to juggle anything else.

Secondly, its the students life and they should be in control of what they do.

Sometimes kids just dont want to do something, it may be because of social life or their life at home.

Its also their choice rather they want to do it or not, because its their mind and body.

only parents or guardians have the right to force their kids to do something, the school shouldnt be allowed to tell students they have to join extracurricular activities if the just dont want to.

Your only a kid once and these students should be able to enjoy their childhood without having to cut out time for extracurricular activities they they are being forced to do.

Lastly, some parents or guardians dont have the time or money to let their child participate in extracurricular activities.

Some parents only have enough money to pay the bills and keep foo on the table, they dont need to pay fees just so their child can participate in extracurricular activities.

The parent might not have the time off that they need to join the child in club meets or sports games, because they work long hours. Transportation may be a big issue, if the family has no way to get their child to the extracurricular activities then there is no need for the child to be forced to sign up for them.

Also club meet times, say if the parents live in the middle on nowhere and the kid has a club meet at five but the parents get off at seven the club times are not convenient for the family.

In conclusion, I disagree with this decision because, some students have things they have to do after school, its the students life and they should be in control of what they do, and some parents dont have the time nor the money to do extracurricular activities.

Why should a student have to do something when some families just cant afford it?

Do you agree that students shouldnt be required to do extracurricular activities?         