I claim that it would be better if the Electoral college would stay the same .And the reason why it should stay the same its because the the way its been going but it has been also having some small problems but they are also reasons hwy it should stay the same.

The problem is that if you want to vote for president you can't because you are going to have to vote for aleast 34 Democratic and they elct the president,not you. And the electors are the onnes that are not holding public office. the other promble is that it also depends on the state you are living on because that is it dependson who picks the electors. The ones that mostly pick them are states conventions,party's central committee or even sometimes the presidential candidates themeselves.

I claim that it should stay the same because of these reason, Certainty of outcome , in 2000 it was possible that the dispute over the outcome if an Electoral College vote and around the 2012's the election , obama received a 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to oly 51.3 percent and that was alot. also the college had to restores some of the weight in the political blance that large states lose by  virtue of the mal apportionment, wich the senate decreed in the consitution. There wasa method that the Elecotral college use and that was that to select the president that will turn off the potential voters for a candidate,there are five reasons for retaining the electoral collega despite its lack of democratic pedigree.

In passage 3 it says that the Electoral College has consists 538 electors and the majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president and  one for each member in the houseof respresentatives plus two for your senators and the presidential election mostly is held or four yeas on the tuesday after the first monday in november and i think that is doing a great job one elctions,electors, and on picking the president. also thats why i think its better if the electoral college stays the same.    