We know it wasn't created by aliens! If it was then we could have seen it in every picture we took. Instead we could only see in in the picture in 1976. Also if we would have thought that it actually was a atrifact from aliens then we wouldnt have made it public right away we would have went to go get more information, but the public wasnt satisfied so we went back and got them the information they wanted. Last but not least when we went back in April 8, 2001 (on a cloudless day) and took a picture it clearly showed that it was not built by alien lifeforms.

When the pictures were took they were all taked in different time periods. In each picture they were different. In the first picture the face is clearly shown but we didnt get a clear enough picture, so we went back a second time to see take another one. In the second picture it is slightly hard to determened if the face is there or not. So of course we still werent satisfied, and yet again on April 8, 2001 we sent ANOTHER ship so take ANOTHER picture, i need to remind you this is on a cloudless day, and when the (multiple) pictures were taken, it was just some old hill with nothing special to it.

A few days after recieving the picture NASA made it public! If we had truly thought that this was a "Acient Artifact" we would have kept it secret and not relised it publicly until after we (knew) that it was created by aliens. Which shows that we always knew it wasnt a alien artifact after all.

I can see why most people had thought it was a acient alien artifact though. I mean most people dedicate their life finding out if there is more lifeforms out there. So most people had to have hope. For the sake of what they chose to do with there life.

In April 8, 2001 NASA went back to snap ANOTHER photo. This day (to remind you) was a cloudless day. So we knew it would be the perfect day to snap the finishing photo. The photo that would settle everything. Not long after the photo was snapped NASA recieved it, and for some it was satisfying to find out that it wasn't a acient alien artifact. Others (on th other hand) were devistated (for the same reason in paragraph 3). The debate was over it, was and is official that it wasn't a acient alien artifact.

Now do you understand? Have i finaly conviced you that it isnt and never was a alien life form. The facts i found in the article are pretty spot on to what happened so i hope i have finaly conviced you that its nothing special just a natural landform.