Going to school and learning can benefit students in a lot of ways. You get to see your friends and be with them while you learn. It's a lot better than being at home and learning from there. Being present in a school is one of many reasons why learning at school is better than learning online or via webcam. A big part of education is being face to face with your teacher and taking in all the knowledge their providing you. Learning online can be a struggle for some students. Having a teacher present and helping you learn in person is something many students benefit from. For example, math is a subject that involves a lot of problem solving and can be very challenging to one learning. You have to workout problems and write things down in order to solve the problem. Some students aren't skilled enough to hear how to solve and then do it themselves. Less skilled students need the teacher in person showing them how to complete the problem rather than telling them how to solve it. That's how it is with all subjects, not just math. Students can benefit way more from a teacher showing them how to do something instead of telling them how to do something.

A conference over the phone or a webcam and online education can be very tricky. Phones and computers don't always work. At times they can stop working and shut down. If that happens then you won't be able to learn at all. On the other hand, going to an actual school and learning is way easier than that. All it requires is a chalkboard or a white board and a marker and your good to go. Teachers don't have to rely on a computer or phone when their teaching in a classroom. In some cases teachers will you use a computer to show a video or a program for students to learn from. but that doesn't mean they have to stop teaching at that point. Meanwhile, if a student is at home learning or on a conference with a teacher and your phone and computer stops working then you have no other choice then to stop working. It could happen once and have a student miss out on a lot of education. Online education or a video conference isn't a reliable way of learning. However, a student can always rely on going to school and having a teacher ready and prepared to teach.

There's visual learners and there's learners who can succeed by hearing. A visual learner wouldn't be able to learn if they did online education. They would be setup for failure because the school didn't organize the education around the student. Making an option for a student to learn from a video conference or online is a risk schools would have to take. Some students could choose that option but end up failing because they didn't know how well they learn online or from a video conference. Another risk with that option is some students might take advantage of it and choose it so they can stay home and not participate. Some students may choose the option of learning online but instead of doing that they could do other things. However, if they go to school then they have no other choice but to learn. They also wouldn't be allowed to do anything but learn because their is a teacher present and can monitor everything they do. Offering those ways of learning as an option is a huge risk. Students could take advantage of it and fail the whole purpose of allowing those options. Schools could get a lot of hate for it if the students use them and don't follow the rules. No school should ever want that happening to them. That's why there are many risks in allowing students to learn through an online or a video conference.

Going to school and learning is a much safer option than learning online or through a conference. There's a lot more benefits and many great things that come with it. Students are setup for success by attending school rather than learning online. They also have a higher chance of succeeding. Some students may do better learning online than others but it's still better going to school and learning. It's also a much safer option. I know I would do better going to school and learning. I would get distracted by my phone or video games or tv and then I wouldn't get any work done. If I'm at school I know I would get way more work done than I would if I was at home. Teachers are able to help me with my work and also keep off my phone. I often procrastinate while I'm working at home and it's hard to focus in that type of work enviroment. Meanwhile, if I'm at school teachers are there to keep me on track and help me on my path to finishing all of my work. I think I can speak for most students when I say that. We all love doing other things rather working on our work and if we can find any opportunities to get out of doing work then we will. Online education and a video conference are very easy to get out of if your not at school with a teacher watching.

Some might say that if your learning online from home your parents can watch you or supervise. Yes that's true but some students may go to their room and work or say their working when they're really not. For example, one may be doing their work one moment and the next moment their doing something completely different. Once again that's another reason why going to school is a much safer option than learning online. Even though some students can succeed learning online others can't. Teachers shouldn't have to waste their time only teaching a couple students in class when others are at home learning. Having to go to school and being face to face with a teacher learning from them can benefit students way more than learning online or through a video conference can.