Hellow, my name is Luke Bomberger and I would like too share with you the experience I had as being a Seagoing Cowboy. Do you like helping people,visiting sites,and caring for animals? Then this might be that right job for you. When a first heard about it I was interested in becoming one of many Seagoing cowboys. As a Seagoing Cowboy you have a lot of responsibilates. One responsibilate is you will be a member of the UNRRA. You will also get to visit a lot of contries on you way there and you will get to see there land marks. Then as a Seagoing Cowboy you will also have to take care of the animal that you wil be shipping overseas to there destination.

At first it sound wierd to be called a Seagoing Cowboy but if you like site seeing and going to places you have never been before then this job is just right for you. When I went I sall the Acropolis in Greece and I also rode on a Gondola in Venice,Italy throgh the street water. If these place sound good imagen all the places you could visit if you become a Seagoing Cowboy.

In addition to going to places you have never been before you also get the chance of helping people that's homes are in ruins due to World War 2. There is and organization called the United Nation Relief and Rehabilitation Administration which is also known as (UNRRA). This organization helps contries recover animals,food suplies and more. 44 nation join together to help these contries in need. So if you want to help these contries than becoming a Seagoing Cowboy is the right jod for you.

Also if you like animal this is the right place for you to be. Me and my friend help animal by getting young cows or mules shipped overseas. One day we had to boared 355 horses and enough food to feed then all to get there. We helped by returning them to a place that they can live in that is not in ruins. In addition to visiting place you will also be able to take care of animal as you ship them overseas.

Now that you now that Seagoing Cowboys Visit marvoluse places and in addition they also help the UNRRA and help take care of them and relocate animals by shipping them overseas. I hope that however is reading this,and if you get the chance,will sign up to become a Seagoing Cowboy. I also hope that if you do become a Seaging Cowboy that you injoy your experience, I now that I sure did.    