I strongly disagree with the principal, The principal should not make it so that u must participate in extracurricular activity after school. Being forced to participate in after school activities can cause lack of sleep, Affects students after life, And it would have a bad reputation on the school.

The first reason, Why students should no be forced in doing after school activities is that it can cause lack of sleep. Therefore students will not be able to perform well in school. For example students need 7-8 hours of sleep everyday and that is scientifically proven. So forcing students in doing after school activities can cause them to go to sleep later than usual. Having lack of sleep can cause a student in having a different attitude towards school.

The second reason, On why students should not be force on doing after school activities is that it can also, Affect a students after life. Therefore students will have to cut off some activities they would want to do or, Have to do after school. For instance, Student may have to do chorus or, Watch there little sister at home and, Even hang out with friends after school. So being forced to do after school activities will just cancel all of that. Being forced to do after school activities can affects somebody after life.

Finally, The last reason on why students should not be forced on doing after school activities, Is that it would have a bad reputation on the school. Therefore students will have a negative feeling on the school, Which will also cause the school to never get new students. For example students could have bad behavior, And on that note the school will eventually get bad ratings.

To sum it all up, I talked about the three main reason on why the principal should not force students to participate in any extracurricular activities after school. Because it can cause lack of sleep, Affects a students after life , And can have a bad reputation on the school. And that is why the principle should not force students to participate in after school activities. 