School can be tiring and stressful on every high school student and I know most of us can agree on that. There is a way to make school easier and comfortable. Many have debated over if online learning is actually beneficial and much easier than normal school. Instead of being in a classroom you would be on a video confrontation or following instructions from a text. Although some say online learning is not beneficial in reality it is very beneficial.

Online learning can cause some problems, for example when your at home you intend to get more distracted with your phone,TV, food, and anything else at your home. Distraction isn't the only issue that you can come across with, technology is not perfect many things could happen that could set you back for that day of learning. Many students prefer classrooms over online learning due to the 1 on 1 help with a teacher. In online learning you won't be able to get that 1 on 1 learning unless through video chat. Getting help from a classmate will also not be availabe and you will have to rely more on yourself and the teacher through online learning.

Even with some downsides to online learning there are more positives then negatives. At home there is more comfort than in a classroom and the more comfortable you are the better you learn. The best part of learning at home is that you have control on the way you want to learn, if you know that your phone is a problem turn it off while learning and take brain breaks something that most teachers don't allow. Everyone knows themselves better than anyone else, so you know how you learn or work the best. For example let's say you work the best while listening to music, well at home you will be able to do that or let's say you are a person that can't learn or concentrate while being hungry, at home you will be able to eat snacks or food and keep you learning.

Waking up every morning and going to school can be tiring and affect your ability to learn, but if you were to take online classes you would be able to get that extra sleep in and wake up with more energy and learn much easier. Especially in high school many students stay up late to study or to finish a project that's due the next day and end up going to school drowsy and tired. With online learning you will get more time to fully understand a certain topic and spend more time evaluating your work, but in school you have bells so every class is timed which rushes the teachers on teaching and rushes the students on getting it. Online learning will also present a more flexible schedule for students, most students today are busy with other things like sports, work, and etc.

In conclusion online learning is a much better way of learning and beneficial for the students and teachers. The students have more control on the way they learn and how they get to learn which comes with more positives than negatives. Students will be able to have more time, comfort, understanding of the topic, and sleep to come back the next day ready to learn. Although some say that online learning is not beneficial it's actually more beneficial for students.