Distance learning for students is already being provided in some schools around the world. Online, or Virtual High School, gives students the ability to take school courses at home. The classes provided gives the student the ability to have more flexibility when choosing courses to take in school, but shouldn't be the primary place to teach academically. Online school decreases social interactions, makes school more difficult, and overall is bad for the students health.

School is easily the number one way kids interact. It's not at home with their families or when going outside. The students mainly connect in school more than any other place known. Even sports doesn't compare to how the relationships form when in school. The relationship or bond strengthens when meeting that same person in an outside setting. This is incredibly important because of how necessary it is that kids meet more people and create more connects. It opens up new ideas and philosophies. It also the main way innovation happens, creating all that's seen today. Without school, it takes away from that tremendously and restricts how socializing works. All the awkward confrontations when meeting the one and facing hard scenarios like bullies and peer pressure are all taken away and doesn't help anyone with anything.

School is difficult on it's own, the addition of school at home doesn't provide any benefits. At home there's already way too many distractions. It can easily take attention away when not in the proper environment. Schools offer classes that takes a whole class year to learn in 6 weeks. The stress that comes with that is overwhelming. Now creating, and maintaining, that environment consistently, is unbearable. If that seems unbelievable, it isn't. There's a reason why schools have a stress management assembly every year. It's not because of how interesting school wide depression is. Online classes also seem very inefficient, email responses on questions that are better answered with in-person demonstration and important visual viewings on, get this, a screen. It seems to be increase the stress with less of the helpfulness.

The science has already shown how detrimental it is when staring at a screen for hours on end. It doesn't help to have it a daily thing. With school strictly being virtual, it creates over 6 hours at screen staring and less time for physical activity. Constantly staring at a screen not only takes away necessities in life for development; but also can cause eye strain, exhaustion, and depression. Depression, the number one reason for suicide rates. Also, get this, from, "stressed out teenagers."

Now with less people to be there to help when in stressful times, it makes the sweet joy of death the more easier.

Online classes offered by schools aren't terrible, unless implemented as a primary source of teaching. Online schools reep the benefits of the actual in-school resources without actually providing any alterior. Online school decreases social interactions, causes school to be harder, and amplifies stress furthur.                      