Sometimes, when people ask more than one person for advice they try to see what to do to help them . And seeking multiple opinions can help because, when a person dont know what to do they need somebody to help them , guide them, and show them the right way. and taking advice from from muliple people just might help them beacuse what if the advice you took from Generic_Name might be better than Generic_Name., because Generic_Name ,might told you exactally what to do , how to do it, when to do it but, Generic_Name just told you to keep your head up and wait the right time..taking advice from more than one person can be a good thing , some people need muliple people to talk to to get where they need to get. making better choices sometimes u cant do it by yourself.. everybody needs that one person to help them and guide them but you never know who might tell you to do the right thing. some people just wanna know whats going on with you and really ain't trying to help better yourself or make the right choice so its only right to feel ok to get advice from more than one person , and really it dont even have to be a whole lot of people, one,two or maybe three got enough. beacuse i know how it felt to be alone.

And, another thing when a person asking for advice they sometimes lost,confused,going thru something or even worst and need people to just help them, one person help but i really feel that having Atleast two people you can run to to help you or give you goof advice beacusee, what if that one persom you ONLY talk to busy , working , having family time and cant talk right now or help you make a good choice that why its always good to to have muliple people u trust around to help u at all times. thats the most best feeling ever knowing u have somebody you can trust with your persona stuff or even what u have in mind to do..without everybodying knowing before u tell them.

Third, Hepling others always been ok and a good thing so when people ask me for advice i always be ok with it . if anybody even needed a hug i don't be caring cause helping others is OK. caring and giving your time is always been ok and being there for a person always been ok. you never know when you might need somebody or need advice from somebody. so always be nice ad never rude to somebody cause you never know when its your time and u might need somebody to talk to, vent too, need adive from or a shoulder to cry on. respect them love them n tell them whats the right thing to do. when you help people good things come your way. like once again ain't NOTHING wrong with helping eachers and giving out the best advice.. it should make u feel good and happy at yourself for helping out others and there problems.

Trust, Trust is another thing. if you have trust u dont have anything or you dont need to texting or talking to that person cause trusting somebody u giving all your business too or wanted help from them .,and for them to know everything is important..learn people, buld a bond,get to know well ! because, its NOT ok for you to be friends or anything with a person u cant trust. you need to watch and learn evrybody to talk to, think before to tell people u business..and even if you and that person fall out you shouldn't haven to worry about them telling everuthing yall talked about to next person, the trust gone remain soild and everything gonna be fine. but if you dont have trust and yall fall out and they tell everything you gonnna have trust issues amd its gonr make it hard fro you to ask anybody for advice . because, of that main situation..

Commuication, when talking to somebody having a serioud talk always have good commuication with them cause if you texting them dry, late and constanly saying the bsame thing over i really feel like that's disrespectful . because if that person feeling comfortable to tell you whats going on with them and you not playing attention, on your phone,taking long to text back, etc. i will feel a certain way, so when giving advice to someone give them all your attention and tell them whats right. give them all you ! the honest truth on how u feell and what they shoukd do to help they situation get better and you gotta also help them . with anything, cant let that person down.

Teamwork,always be there for that person no matter what. help them with whatever they need to you. stay on there side always. lead them in the right direction..if even going out on dates , having date nights at home, being on the phone for hours help. be there for them everybody neds somebody they can always run too no matter how many days they went without talking , no matter how manys days they went without seening that person.. no matter whatt. teamwork is good and good for there friendship, bring joy into that person life , try help healing. help them make good choices help them to do good in life. help with anything they need. ain't nothing like a health frienship bond. knowing u have somebody that give good advice and help u make good choices. respect each ,other love each other and never give up on each other! 