Did you know driverless cars are being made right now? Many people are unaware of the creations that will further shape of our future. Many big companies are planning great things, companies such as Google, BMW, Tesla, Nissan, Mercedes-Bens, and Audi. Some people are against it while others such as myself are all for it. These new cars will have amazing things such as Dubbed LIDAR, innovated sensors, and assistance in Traffic Jams

First off dubbed LIDAR in every car would reduce car crashes, in my opinion. Many lives can be saved. Its a special sensor which is located on the roof of the car, this sensor spins. Also it constantly updates a map of all the car's surroundings. This is done by laser beams. With this sensor the car will be aware of everything that is going on around it, reducing the chances it'll crash into something or someone. Nonetheless sensors have been around for quite some time.

Since the 1980s sensors have been improving all around us. In the article, Driverless Cars Are Coming the author states "The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." Sensors such as those in the wheels are called speed sensors, they can help manage antlock brakes. Over time they have improved abundantly. Sensors can detect rollovers and out-of-control skids. But this isn't the only improvement yet.

Finally a peculiar new invention that was recently added to a BMW, traffic jam assistance. Everyone faces traffic some time during their week. What better idea than to create something to assist those who deal with traffic most often. This feature was added in 2013, so not that long ago. But the driver must keep hold on the wheel for safety precausions. And the car can handle speeds up to 25mph.

Its always good to be aware of what invention will be next. Things like 3-D mapping (dubbed LIDAR), sensors, and assistance in traffic jam could save everyone lots of valueable time. Many companies are getting on board with these innovations, will you?            