Phones & Driving

Drivers shouldn't be able to use cellphones in any capacity while driving because the risk of them harming themselves or others around them on the road increases dramatically. Most humans own and operate cell phones every day of their lives, for some people it's part of their daily routine. Using a phone while operating a vehicle comes with great dangers. Some argue that in some cases, people need to check their phone or be on it while on the road, for directions or informing whoever where they are.

To begin with, driving while using a phone can cause the driver to swerve in and out of lanes. This brings a greater risk of getting in an accident with other drivers around them, that might also be on their phones not paying attention. Additionally, when a driver is looking at their phone that means they are not looking at their speedometer or the speed limit on the road they're driving on. The faster a person is going the more damage that is done to the vehicle, if you went into a ditch, off-road etc. Not only just their car in some circumstances but also the other persons car if they hit someone else. In some states, its fully illegal to be on a phone while driving. Which means they would be pulled over and given a ticket for speeding and being on their phone.

Additionally, in the other hand some could argue that people should be able to use their phones while driving. Due to phones being used for navigation or for getting in contact with someone while they are driving. There has been plenty of devices invented that hold your phone for you, to make it easier to use GPS, maps, etc. Some messages people receive are too important to not be on their phone, or to not at least check their phone. There really isn't a valid argument to why people should be able to use their phone on the road, because in every scenario its dangerous to them, and the others on the round around them.

In conclusion, using a phone while driving is never going to be on the safe side of things. The risk of causing an accident is too high, due to other people around not paying attention to the road and the person on their phone not paying attention to others on the road. There's no valid argument to say that it is safe to do so, because every opinion thrown out there has a bad side to it. At the end of the day, just don't text and drive or use your phone while driving.

[Last Name] 2            