Drivers should or should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

Cell phones are a big part of our society today. We can perform any task on a cell phone. 91 percent of American adults own some type of cell device. It is a proven fact that a large number of fatalities and injury in vehicle crashes are due to using the cell phone while driving. The state of Georgia passed a handsfree act that took effect on July 1, 2018. Drivers cannot have a phone in their hand or touching any other body part while driving. Texting while driving is bad and dangerous for you and other drivers. If you take your eyes off the road for a split second you are putting your life and others live's in danger. Even if you look down at the time on your phone you are putting yourself into harm's way. "Texting while driving you are four times more likely to get into an accident rather than just driving without texting".

(Poole 1).

Using your cell phone while driving will increase the risk of you getting into an accident.

At least one out of every twenty drivers will use a phone while driving a vehicle. Even the use of hand's free phones is not any better. The use of a blue tooth is dangerous in my opinion.

"Texting while driving is six times more likely to cause an accident than driving drunk." (Edwards 1) If you even use a simple text it can take your eyes off the road for a few seconds. "Of all cell phone related tasks texting is by far the most dangerous activity." (Edwards 1) Teens who text while they drive spend at least ten percent of their driving time outside of the lane they are in.

You should not use cell phones or any device while driving. The proof is in the pudding as they say. I gave you all of the facts, so it is your choice to choose the right one. Do Not text while you drive.

Works Cited

Poole, Allen. "Governor's Office Of Highway Safety In Georgia." Home | Georgia Governor's Office of Highway Safety, Governor's Office, 7 May 2018, www. gahighwaysafety. org/.

Edwards, Rebecca. "Rebecca Edwards - Senior Security Writer and Safety Expert ..." Safewise, Rebecca Edwards, 7 May 2019, www. safewise. com.   