The majority of students can say that going to school is their least favorite part of the day. This is one of the many reasons distance learning would be a step in the right direction. I believe distance learning will benefit the student body by reducing stress loads, giving students the option to do their work in a safe environment, and allowing them to "attend" school without having to physically be there.

Throughout the years of grade school the workload increases, but the amount of stress you are put under to get good grades also increases. Classrooms are thought of as the most boring place in the world, but really students can be distracted by a million things. The main classroom distraction is fellow classmates. On top of the constant buzz of sound put out from others speaking, there are also a massive number of times when a teacher will come into the classroom to speak with either your teacher or a student. This constant flow of people in and out of the classroom continually interrupts the lesson and makes it harder for the students to retain the information. As a society, we are in an awkward place with technology. Half of the information is still given on paper, and the other half is given electronically. This leaves room for students to lose important notes and/or study guides further stressing themselves out for an exam.

Within the last ten years the safety of students has really been called into question. Working in an unsafe environment keeps everyone in a constant state of fear. Distance learning gives the students a chance to do their work in a safe environment. There have been studies that there has been a direct correlation between bullying and low grades. By eliminating one of the ways bullying can take place, students will have a better chance of succeeding. In the most recent history, there have been more than 5 major school shootings in the United States alone. More than half of the schools in America have had a gun scare in the last 7 years. Parents take extra precautions to know their child's whereabouts because of these dangers. With parents breathing down their necks and a fear of the worst every time the school goes into lock down, students can not concentrate. Within the last 4 months, the world has been in a battle with the Coronavirus (COVID-19). Some schools have been shut down indefinitely due to the outbreak and the fear of it spreading. Students, that attend schools that do not have distance learning plans in place, are missing weeks of education. This will take a toll on their grades and exam scores.

Some students are physically incapable of attending school on a regular basis. Distance learning gives them an opportunity to "attend" school without having to be there. After undergoing a medical procedure, most physicians recommend time out of school to recover properly and reduce the risk of complications. One of the major reasons to stay out of school while recovering is to keep stress levels at a minimum. By missing school there will be mounds of missing work and lectures that can not be assigned if the school does not have a distance learning plan. Although the students will be given the opportunity to do their work outside of school this requires a large amount of accountability. Allowing them to do their work on their own time leave room for laziness.

Implementing a distance learning program will reduce stress levels, provide a safe work environment, and give students the option to "attend" school without physically being there. With these new changes the student body will thrive. Without them schools will continue to lose precious educational time.