Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home?

In a way that's a great idea not only for students that have anxiety but for students that also have an hard time being in a loud class setting, Every student learns different. For example, take an student that lacks attendance in school or a certain class they'd love to have classes that they can take at home, Relying off what I previously stated earlier in my response every student learns differently and maybe at home could be a rejoice for some students,But it also has its pros and cons what are some pros you might ask? the pros are you can do how much work you want in an untimely manner, you don't have to get up earlier in the morning to get dressed you can stay in your bed clothes, also everything you do is in your secure location.

For example, first off no loud students, annoying teachers, and etc. Now for the cons. homeschooling doesn't give the child an actual high school experience in a way they don't have access to an teacher at that second or whenever they're stuck on an problem. As for myself, I take online classes right now at home and school and feel like its way better because the work gets done quicker and the house is quiet enough for me to work and learn, I also love listening to music while i work so in a way thats better than an teacher telling you that you can't do this is or that because you're at home.

I also know that many home school or online classes let you take your class when ever you want so that's an plus also you don't have to get up from your nice cozy warm bed in the morning, it's almost kinda like i'm torn in between because I like going to school also and seeing the different people that I go to school with instead of being at home in front of an laptop or computer screen everyday I have classes. It gets repetitive and you start to miss being around people regular school gives you the opportunity to meet new people join an club that you might have interests in also many sports teams that online schooling just doesn't have.

You know what I think should happen? i feel like they should make it so they have this class or location that's away from the rest of the school and the students that would love to do online schooling or classes could go there and still get the high school experience but without all the extra things they have to go through. although both have their separate own pros and cons the best option for me and i'm sure a lot of students would feel this way too is the online schooling yeah I feel like everyone should get their high school experience but not everyone has the mindset to come to school everyday.

For instance, imagine an scenario where an kid just lost an family member or has a very bad accident and getting up and going to school isn't the first thing on their list I feel like that's where they would implement an online schooling for that particular child because it happens a lot in the U.S. where children are falling behind and instead of putting them in online classes or so the school decides to fail them and put them in the same class that following fall or next school year not knowing what may or may not have happen to that particular child everyone's story is different and everyone comes from a different background and set of parents.

For my final reasoning why online schooling is an better option is because what if we have snow days or commonly in the US are school shootings first and for most, Snow days are common in Virginia and we have to make up those days we miss with online schooling we wouldn't have to do that we could all be on our online schooling taking the class for the day(s) we missed due to that snow day , Second off, School shootings have been a lot recently and with online courses and/or classes it cuts back on that dramatically, Finally let's talk about other things that could change/happen as a result of switching from regular schooling to online it cuts back on fights at school dramatically also it reduces bullying and other things and dropouts, But I know you're asking yourself but what if the student does't have access to such thing like an laptop or computer the school should issue out laptop and other things to the kids that need them. So in other words, online schooling would be the best option not only for myself, but for a lot of others as well who have an hard time with certain things not every students work ethic is the same some are slow others are fast some catch on quick others don't it just depends on who you are or how your work ethic describes you. Homeschooling also does not have an high dropout rate it has an 87% chance of graduation with homeschooling it's the better option. staying home, eating when ever you want, doing your work when ever u want, listening to music when ever you want. and so forth not to mention there is no time limit to homeschooling and also no stopping mark so u can go how far you would like. Yes 1000x times yes students would benefit more from homeschooling and/or online courses.                                                                                    