How can someone make a better choice by hearing multiple people's opinions? Receiving multiple opinions can increase the chances of making a good and responsible choice. If someone were to ask only one person for advice, they may not choose the most responsible choice. When someone hears multiple responses, they'll most likely choose the response they hear most. Hearing advice from multiple people helps make a responsible decision and helps people who are unsure and worried about making making a bad choice.

Seeking advice from multiple people creates a responsible decision. If someone were to ask for just one persons opinion, they could make the wrong choice. The first person may not be the most responsible and don't think about the negative outcomes of making that decision. They just want to make a choice even if it's reckless. Hearing from more than one voice will give someone more options and then they can see what decision most of the people chose. However, if multiple people were choosing a bad decision, it could plant the wrong idea into someone's mind still leading to a bad choice. For example, if someone already had an idea in their head and they go to ask a few people for advice, multiple people could tell them to make the wrong choice and change the persons mindset completely. This is why it's necessary to ask people that are responsible, more specifically adults that are able to make more responsible decisions. Adult or not, it is important to ask for more than one persons opinion if you are seeking advice.

Hearing more than one opinion is super beneficial to someone who is completely stuck and unsure if they are going to make the right choice. If someone didn't have any idea on what decision to make, hearing the same response from multiple people helps a ton. It also is super beneficial when someone may think they know what choice they want to make, but hearing it from other people may reassure them or make them change their mind to make a good choice. As an example, someone may think they're about to make a good choice when in reality, they're not. The person may ask people if it's a good decision and the majority of opinions may change that persons mind.

Seeking advice to make the right choice from many people helps make a good decision even if the person may be set on one choice. As long as responsible people are being asked, a good decision is sure to be made.