In this article we have seen that technology has been coming along quiet a bit. I didn't even know that since 2009 driverless cars have been around. Whether we realize it or not they're developing in our society more than we could've ever imagined. Have you ever watched a television show or movie where the car can drive itself? I know what your thinking wow that would be so cool, a self operating car. Believe it or not Google has done that already.

The risk of having cars that operate themselves will result in alot more car crashes for teenagers, and that will result in insurance being increasing for the parents. Everyday there are over 1,000 crashes that involve teenagers being reckless drivers. In the article the author states" Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far, Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents." The key word from that statement is alert. Teenages already are not alert the way it is, and now we want to give them the opprotunity to be even more reckless. In today's generation we have the distractions of cellphones, friends, and mostly technology. Most teenages drive with there cellphones and over 2,000 per day get in a car crash because the use of technology behind the wheel.

I personally am against it myself, even though I'm a teenager and think that would be cool. I still have the maturity to realize that being behind the wheel of an automobile is a privelege, and its a big responsibilty. When your behind the wheel of the moving vehicle you need to be an alert driver. Part of being an alert driver is having you hands on the wheels at all times, because at any moment the car could get out of control and the next thing you know you're in a ditch. I think its so fascinating how much technology has come over the years, but today's generation gets overwhelmed with all of the technology that is thrown at us. I would've never imagined Google came up with a Google Car project and to think they've been around sense 2009 is crazy.   