How well something is said and in what way it is said to the audience plays a role in how the big or small the impact is; Depending on how well written something is makes a difference as well. In a passage called "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author gives an excellent essay on why traveling to Venus is a worthwhile journey.

For example, the author states, at one time Venus is believed to have been the closest resimbled to Earth. In paragraph 4, the text states, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supportes various forms of life, just like Earth." The planet has a rocky surfaces and also has features such as valleys, mountains and craters. The author states,"The value of returning to Venus seems indisputable.." This proves that the author presents relatable evidnece that the journey to Venus is a worthwhile trip.

The author gives NASA as an example of the information that is provided in the passage. In paragraph 7, "NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus..." The author states that NASA is working on using a device like a modern computer. The paragraph also states how there are problems with NASA's idea as well. The author gives an acurate example to help the reader picture what it would be like. This proves that the author can give evidence that supports the overall claim.

On the contray, the author gives more background information than what good could come from studying Venus. The author states all the information that desscribes the atomosphere and what the surface of Venus is like but gives very little information that concerns the reason why Venus should be explored. However, without the background information about Venus's surfaces and atmosphere it may not be understood as to why the journey to Venus is such a trouble. The author provides information that can help understand the reason that astronomers should study Venus.

In conclusion, the author does well at supporting the idea that the trip to Venus is worth taking. The author states information that is from reliable sources, such as NASA. This proves that the author has a well supported idea that studying Venus is a worthwhile pursuit even thorugh the dangers that are going to be faced. The author provides a wide variety of reliable information that supports his claim allowing for a strong claim. The author gave a well written essay that can appeal to all people and change their mind to see in the way of the author's claim.