Has anyone ever said to you to not put all of your eggs in one basket? This is similar to asking for one person's opinion and basing everything that you do around that one opinion. Or you could ask a few people their opinion and make an educated guess based on a combination of their opinions and your own opinion. I believe that getting an opinion from more than one person is a great idea because you can see it from everyone else's perspective, have a better understanding of the problem, and be able to look back on what you concluded to help you in the future.

People tend to have varying views on certain topics. For example, if you asked a few random people their opinion on who would be the better president out of all of the candidates running for election, they would have different opinions. But if you listen to why they think that candidate is the best, you may be able to come up with an opinion of your own on the matter. By asking why they think that candidate is the best, they will help you understand their view on the subject. A few people could say that one candidate is the best because that candidate cleaned up their neighborhood for them. On the other hand, someone could say that one candidate was being biased towards the richer neighborhoods and left the other neighborhoods to get worse. Therefore, hearing all sides of an argument is crucial to understanding the topic at hand.

By getting many opinions, you can understand things better. For instance, in Science class you may have been told to draw a conclusion based on a series of tests. This is similar to asking multiple people for their advice, each person's piece of advice is a trial and by running many "tests" you can come up with a good opinion. Some of the trials may yield different results compared to other trials, but all of the trials will eventually lead you to a conclusion. So by understanding how others perceive a problem, you can come up with a solid conclusion based on their opinions.

By seeking out multiple opinions from different people in the past, you can use those results to help you in the future. For example, if you had asked all of your past coaches for a school sport what they like to see most in an athlete, you could use their answers and train yourself to be like they said. If they all agree that they like to have players that are coachable, or someone who applies what the a coach says to a game situation, then you would be able to work with yourself to achieve that goal of becoming coachable. By asking for advice now, you can have an opportunity in the future to look back and work with yourself to understand the answers.

Getting an opinion or advice from multiple people helps you to see the problem from other people's perspectives, have a better understanding of the problem at hand, and be able to learn from their advice. Many people make the mistake of not asking for advice when they need it most. Sometimes people will not have the answer you are looking for, but sometimes they might. You will never know if anyone has the opinion you are looking for if you don't ask for advice.