Fellow citizens should know the advantages of limiting their car usage of drivng less car can reduce the pollution, For example the article "In German Suburb,Life Goes on Wihtout cars" it says "expert says its a huge impedmient to currenty efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpopes. Cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gas emission". Thats why its important to cut back, If not... They could ban driving. For Example the article "Paris Bans driving due to smog" Paris almost of near the record pollution, so paris enfored partial drivng ban to clear the air of the global city. And there was 1 article about "Car Free Day Is Spinnning into a big hit in Bogota" talks about banning cars and only transportation is bike, walk, and busses.

In the article "German Suburb,Life Goes On Without Cars" people who ownes house has to pay for Parking space stated "Car ownersship is allowed but they must buy a parking spaces which can cost up to $40,000" cause of this people who dont have money rather buy a house instead of a car so they dont have to pay $40,000 for a parking space. 70% of Vauban's families do not own cars and 57% sold a car to move to germany.

"Paris bans driving due to smog" Paris bans driving becuase after days of near record pollution, Which made Prais enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. Mortorists with even numbered license plates were order to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine which is $31 in USD. And some drivers dont even enfored the rule for example "4,000 drivers were fined for not coperating with the rule enforced by paris offical. Diesel fuel was the blmamed since France Car which is made up of 67% of cars fueled with diesels. its a good idea for Paris to ban driving for certain amount of days because it can clear the air up with pollutions.

In "Car free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" they have banned driving for 3 straight years. the only transportation you could get around is buses and taxis is permmited for the day without cars in the capital city of population of 7 million. People who violate the banned of driving could faced a $25 fines, the turn out was large, despite gray clouds thay dumped rains showers on Bogota. As the mayor says "its a good oppertunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" in this case i agree with the mayor because having a stree-free pollution can lead to a heathier state and a clean enviroment.

"The End of Car Culture" President Obama ambitous goals to curb the United States greenhouse gas emissions. Many sociologists believe it will have benefical implications for carbon emissions and the enviroments, since transporation is the 2nd largest source of american's emission. For example companys like "Ford and Mercedes have been rebranding themselves as a mobility companines. with all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habits. Company who offer transportation for example in New York theres a new bike sharing program to reduce car transportation.

So as a fellow citizens its a good idea to cut back and save on money, and pollution to our planet earth. everyone wants a clean and safe enviroment. One thing you dont want is your country to ban or limited driving which makes you take the city bus or call a taxi.                                                                                                                