Mr. Senator election by popular vote is the way to go, let the people decide!  It's their choice to pick who runs the U.S.A. this is the choice of who they want to run the country.  The citizens should have a right to vote for who they really want.  Instead of having a couple hundred people I think we should have all the people in the country choose.  So why dont we?  We can establish this rule and make it right let the citizens of the U.S.A. pick who the president should be!

Electoral collage  as the office of Federal Register in quote "The Electoral College consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting og the electors where they vote for the President and Vice President".  It's a bad idea to me when you can just make everyone vote for who they want not who just a couple hundred people want.  The Electoral College consists of 538 electors which a certain amount need to vote as 270 is the precise number is required.  Each candidate running each has a group of electors, they are originally chosen by the candidates politicial party.  The choice where the people choose and vote is way easier than that, we have a choice for what we want.

The "Indefensible Electoral College" is wrong your voting for the electors as it says in paragraph 10.  Bradford Plumer says as I quote "Under the electoral college sysetem voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the President.  There for we are voting for the electors right?  So whats the whole point when we can stick to our ways and vot ourselves.  This makes it way more simple and faster, better than waiting through the system for other people to vote, when you can just do it yourself.

Theres no reason for each party to select a slate of electors.  It can be argued that this system can turn off potential voters as a candidate.  There are 5 reasons for retaining this system.  Those are certainty of outcome, everyone's President, swing States, Big states, and avoid run-off elections.  Still we need to be able to make our own decisions.  We don't need other people to make them for us.

These people in the U.S.A. are determined in what they want, not what other people want.  They want to choose what they believe they don't want to go through a long system. When you can just do it yourself its easier, because you know what your doing but if you go the other way you have to teach the people your working with.  When you have the whole Country voting it makes it more simple and easy to go through the process.  So let the people choose who they really want as the President of the U.S.A. dont leave it to other people to do it for them.    