Should students be forced to do extracurricular activities? No, there are many different reasons that students should not have to do extracurricular activities.

Students should not be forced to do extracurricular activities because some students just don't have the time, others are not in good standing and need to focus on their school work, and all students should have the freedom to choose if they want to do extracurricular activities or not.

Some students don't have time. Students are very busy with things outside of school, some play on sports teams that are not through the school, some are busy doing things at home, and others might not have parents that have time to get them to the activities and take them back home. If students were forced to do extracurricular activities at school they would not be able to promise that they would be there. If students had to do extracurricular activities the clubs and sports teams would not be able to run properly because not everyone in them would be able to show up.

Some students are not in good standing and need to be focused on their school work. One of the things I have always been told when I am on a school sports team is that if my grades are not good I will not be able to practice or compete. If the school made every student do extracurricular activities you might be breaking their own rule if a student is failing a class. If the school wants everyone to be able to do these activities they need to make time for all students to catch up on their school work. Grades are important things that will motivate members to work hard so they can keep doing their activities.

All students should have the freedom to choose if they want to do extracurricular activities or not. One of the great things about the activities that they offer at school is that not everyone has to do them. Some people play a sport for a travel or rec team and do not want to play for the school. Many activities are offered at school, but they are not for everyone.

Students should not be forced to do extracurricular activities if they don't want to. Some students don't have the time, Some are not in good standing and need to focus on their school work, and all students should have the choice to do extracurricular activities or not.    