As a student enrolled in public schools I have had various experinces where I felt that I didn't fit in; or felt severe levels of stress and anxiey. I am now a junior in highschool and have now gotten somewhat used to what is required of me in a public school. If the the privilage of taking online classes would have been offered to me I wouldn't have lost my personality and mental health to the society that is seen in public schools. Now, that the oppurtunity of enrolling in classes online and studying from home is an option; people that feel that they wouldn't be able to handle the society in public schools now have another way to look. The concept that students may benefit from taking classes at home is valid because they would be able to achieve more focus and concentration and they would experince less stress and anxiety; thus strengthening their mental health.

Students may benefit from taking classes at home because they could gain more focus and concentration. There are some people who concentrate better when studying alone. These students enrolled in online classes may be more focused because they are in a more comfortable environment, which is their home. They will learn more because they don't have to wake up as early as people that go to public schools. They also wouldn't have to worry much about their apperance such as what they're going to wear, how their hair needs to be styled, how to hide their eyebags, if they need make up on, and what shoes to put on. They could also perform better academically because they have the oppurtunity of starting thier classes later. Having enough hours of sleep benefits students because it allows the brain to function at its full potential. The students could feel more enthusiastic about school because they don't have to listen to a teacher tell them what they can and can't do.

Students will benefit from taking classes from their homes in the form of having better mental health. Every human being at some point during their lifetime experinces the feeling of being nervous, anxious, or stressed. Most students experince this when they have to present themselves or a project infront of a class full of other students. Their anxiety rises especially in these situations because they feel like they're being judged or scrutinized. To add to their stress and anxiety the students have to deal with other students, teachers, and various homework assignments. They could also lose their personalities to the society found in public schools. Students often lose who they truly are when they are under an immense amount of pressure. Which leads to their mental health decreasing drastically.

Some may argue that student may become isolated if they take classes at home. Those that argue that claim may also think that student who take classes at home may lack communication skills, which are essential for the future. Others can also say the some students aren't ready to take on resonsibility that comes with taking classes online.

Overall, enrolling in classes that you are able to take at home can benefit students in the long run because they will feel less pressured. Their mental health would be strong and they would have a strong sense of self. They would also perform better because they would get the necessary amount of hours that a person needs to function properly.