Asking for advise from multiple people is like a phone; it can be helpful or bad for a person. When talking to more than one person for advise can hep someone make better choices, for it prevents consequences, it develops social skills, and it helps a person know who to ask for advise.

To begin with, talking with multiple people for advise can devolve social skills. There are a lot of people in the world that are very shy or just do not talk at all, maybe it is because he or she has social anxiety or just because he or she does not want to be judge by saying something wrong, but sometimes getting out of his or her comfort zone to ask for advise can be well for someone. For example, I am a very shy person that barely talks in school, so asking for advise is really hard for me, but when I did, it helped me make a better choice. Communicating with multiple people can help one make new friendships. Seeking different people for advise can make one grow as a person and help one make better choices.

Also, it prevents consequences. Sometimes at school or at work, there is always that one person that bothers you and gets you angry, but asking for advise can help one not get in trouble. If someone already did something bad, and wants to lie because he or she does not want to get in trouble, it is better to ask for advise, so he or she can do the right thing and not get in more trouble. When someone does the right thing and is a well behave child or is a good employee, he or she will be a role model for other people. For instance, if a child helps another kid do his homework, it will encourage others to do as well and show kindness. In many schools or even at home, kids get bullied and asking for advise to maybe a friend can encourage he or she to make a better choice and to speak up and tell someone.

In addition, if a person asks for advise from multiple people, it helps one know who to ask for advise. In the world there are good people and bad people. The good people always want the best for someone and the bad people do not and might be fake friends. So it is good to ask multiple people for advise because then he or she will know who are the best people to ask for advise to make a better choice. Sometimes even if it is not what he or she wanted to hear from that person but it is very helpful in life. For example, I one day asked for advise to both of my parents and my pastor on something that I wanted to fix in my life and the response they gave me, was not what I wanted to hear, but it helped me do better in life.

In conclusion, seeking more than one person for advise can help him or her make better choices. It can help a person talk more and develop his or her social skills. It can also help prevent consequences to make someone do the right thing instead of the wrong thing. It can help some know who are the good people and who are not, so when asking for advise, he or she can ask the best people. Asking for advise can be hard sometimes but it will help him or her make better choices in life. 