Johnny is a senior on the RockFord Varsity High school Football Team. He is the star quarterback for his high school and his recreational team. On top of that he takes four A.P. classes. Johnny normally gets home at ten everyday will little time to do homework. Johnny has learned how to manage his busy schedule but, there isn't any space for any other activities. Every season Johnny has to miss two football practices because he has concussion training for both teams. He barely gets to hang out with friends due to the lack of time. Johnny plays three sports but they all take place in different seasons. He plays baseball, football, basketball, and tennis. In addition, he does marshal arts every day for two and a half hours.

Students shouldn't have to participate in extracurricular activities because even thought it can improve social skills, some people may not have the time due to their busy schedules, and also, they may lack transportation to and from home, and maybe they just don't want to participate in these extracurricular activities.

To start off, he had to learn on how to manage time wisely which includes when to eat, when to relax, and when can he work out. Now that he is a senior Johnny has to focus on collage and trying his best to get a scholarship. all of his friends complain that he needs to take some time of and hang but, he always refuses. On an average day he gets home at ten, does his homework for a hour, sleeps from twelve a. m. to four a. m, goes to the gym at four thirty, then he gets ready before school at sixth a. am. Johnny plans his calenders months ahead so that in the future if anything happens he is prepared and able to work around that interference. With his packed schedule he does nothing he wants to but what he needs to. Johnny has been doing this schedule for a year so he's accustom to it but any changes to his schedules can cause a major chain reaction and as a result, it can affect his sleep, behavior, and his physical ability. For example, Johnny's best friend Ronnie stays up all night playing video games and eventually he got adjusted to it. Ronnie was considered a pro player and made money off of playing video games. Then his mom made him play baseball which took away his playing time. So then he barely had time to play games.

Secondly, another aspect is transportation. Johnny's parents arent buying him a car until he goes to college. His mom drives him to all his events and activities even though she has work and other things to tend to. They have two find the right schedule so that their schedules don't interfere. With two other siblings in the house the fight for the cars happens a lot. His family has three cars. One for the dad who is always at work and never home, the second is for his mom who takes him to where he needs to go, and the last one is the car that his brother and sister share. With everything that goes on at home and outside of home the struggle for transportation is real and therefor it would be hard if an extra activity was to be added. Just like how famous artist have schedules on where they performed how they get there , and when they do Johnny has a specific schedule in which he has to follow in order to keep the flow of things going.

Lastly, you can't force someone to do something that they don't want to do. A huge part of school is having fun fun. What some kids find fun others may not. If you're going to force someone to participate in something that they don't have a choice about at least make sure you have a huge variety of activities listed for each student to choose from. It will just be a waste of time for someone to just be sitting there staring off into space. Josh likes playing virtual reality games but the school doesnt have it so therefor he is stuck doing something that he does't want to do.

In conclusion, these extracurricular activities are too time consuming, they take more time off of their normal schedules, involves more driving, and goes against what the student wants. A lot of kids dislike school so making them stay longer than usual makes it seem a lot like detention. Students should have the option to choose if they want to or not so that schedules don't interfere and so that they student is able to enjoy them self.  