The face on mars could not be made by aliens because the face on Cydonia change over time, its a rock trasformation , and there woukd have been more things to prove life on mars. The thinking that aliens is a bit over bord.

The face on the red planet "Cydonia" changed over time. If there was life on Cydonia the face wouldnt have changed like it did. In 1976 it looked like a shadow face. 1998 it had a white tent to it. 2001 it had racks like a rock. The face would had stayed the same if there was living life on it.

Another reason is it looks more like a trasformening rock. People tend to already had a picture of what soemthign is in there head. When the people that took the picture saw this thought it looked like a face. When you tell poeple what something looks like they wont fight you because in there head they seen it. The rock is just a time changing thing. 2001 it dosent even look like a fcae that they try and make you see.

On earth we have thing to prove that we live on here. On the red planet they only found this one thing. If there was life there would be more things to prove it and sooner. 1976 to 1998 is 22 years. In 22 years there has been only one "face" found. 1998 to 2001 is 3ish years. The same "face was there but it was different. So 25 years has pasted on anf there has only been one thing the shows that there could be life on the red planet.

Now I under stand that it does look like a human face yes. And different people have went up there just to take picturse of it. But if there was life on this planet it dont you think it would have shown itself a little bit more and not hide for 25 years giving us one piece of evidence that its real.

If there was live on plante Cydonia it would had been more things to prove it. Also The face didn't stay the same. Another reason is a rock is more believibale then aliens. Just something to think about is they did think there was life on a different planet but earth dont you think they would tell people and not try and hide it for as long as they can. They would want the world to know more about it.