Well for one if you seek more then one person you might likely find someone who will help you. If you only seek one person they might not be of assistance to you. I usually like asking one person like an adult, mostly because they won't ignore you, and they may have the answer your're looking for. I don't like asking students in general, for help cause they will most likely ignore me most of the time, and they may probably not know the answer to your question. Another way I think asking one person for help is ok, is if you ask and adult, "I always ask an adult first." If I ask an adult I usually ask just the one, like my teacher for example. "Because asking an adult usually helps a lot." Lets say you asked more then one person, and they all had different answers, you could narrow it down to who had the best answer, letting you decide which one made the most sense. And you're learning better that way, "in my opinion". Here are some examples of why asking more than one person is ok.

One of them might have the correct answer

They may walk you through it

Narrow it down finding different answers

Both sides have their ups and downs. But if i had to pick one side, it would have be asking more then one person for help. If i'm asking more then one person then I like asking students, because asking more then one adults it would be to weird. It would be almost like asking 20 ensigns for help, don't waste your time asking for that much help, just ask one of them and they will have the answer. Also asking for an adults help makes me sometimes feel uncomfortable, I like asking my friends and see what they think. Some reasons about asking one person for advice

They may be to busy helping someone else

Your not learning better that way

Missing more information

Your also not meeting other people if you just ask one person for guidance. If you don't have a lot of friends ask others and polity say for example "hey whats the square root of 256," some may not know, some might smile and tell you, and after they probably will tell you their name. If you ask nicely then maybe you'll have a new friend. It's always better to ask more then one person for help. So out of all I say asking more than one person for help is better in a lot of ways, then asking only one person. Always do this in the future if you need assistance, guidance, or even help always ask more then one person, it's better this way and you'll learn a lot more and comprehend what there telling you.