Summer break is a time to let loose from school. That means going to the beach, sleeping until noon, and not doing any activities that has to do with learning. Having these schools require students to complete summer projects to assure that they continue learning during their break is a great way to keep their brains working at all times. However, I believe that these summer projects should be teacher-designed and not student-designed due to that it will be a reliable project and students will know that expectations are high.

Having these summer projects be teacher-designed, means that it will be a reliable project. For example, let's say it was a student-designed assignment. The student lay out their own assignment of what they learn during the summer in any format they want to put it as. Well, how does the teacher know if the source is reliable or not? Teachers dont know if any of the information is confirmed to be true. That is why having teachers lay out projects or assignments is necessary. Not just for the student, but as well as for the teacher.

Another reason for having these summer projects be teacher-designed, means that expectations from teachers will be high. Knowing that the format of the project was designed by teachers, they will expect students to follow the procedure and meet the expectations that are given.

Some might say that these summer projects should be student-designed since the student is the one doing the project and it's during their summer time. However, the problem with that being said, students will not know where to begin. Having no format or guidance will cause them to put any information down. Those information being unreliable sources; leading back to my first reason.

In conclusion, these summer projects should be teacher-designed due to that it will be a reliable project and students will know that expectations are high. As long as these students are given projects that have the essential format along with students putting down resourceful information over the summer to assure they continue their growth in learning, they should be in good hands.