Over the summer homework is not the best, hence, why teachers do not give it to students very often. giving homework over summer is not really good but what if it was student designed or student designed. There is an ongoing debate on whether summer projects should be student or teacher-designed and the benefits of each. Teachers being the ones to design the project can lead to: students having clear standards of what needs to be done, more time managed project, and being stressed out. Some may that student design is better due to boosting tier moral and letting the project being something they can enjoy. Although some may disagree having a teacher designed project over school is more efficient and safe.

Teacher design based projects will be a lot safer for the most part; Moreover, leaving less room for students to say something like not understanding,not enough time, and being stressed out. first thing is not knowing the standards of the project or understanding them. This could lead to a lot of hiccups if this was a student designed project; Consequently stressing the students out. Time management is also crucial due even if a student has an entire summer. letting teachers plan the time it would best to gradually get it done would be great expecting it not to being able to be finish the day before its due. Some students might put it off until they cant any more probably messing up their sleep schedule trying to rush to finish the project Being stressed out is not a great feeling and can ultimately be a reason some students may just give up. Even if it is all planned out a multitude of factors kick in to be able to stress a student.

There are further reasons to letting the project be designed by the teacher. This can help grades if the project is done, can later reward the students by the teacher having faith in the students to do a multitude of other things. These rewards can help students want to finish projects and have a reason to be doing projects on time. Letting a student design his or her own project is a privilege and will ultimately be earned and boosting confidence getting closer to a student designed summer project. One problem for lots of students is that during the summer a lot of things are forgotten. I think having a project made by a teacher can help challenge the brain and keep it ready for when school is about to began. Doing that can improve performance in school on a daily basis.

Although some may disagree, the projects given over summer should be teacher-designed to limit problems.

The summer projects should be teacher designed due to the benefits given to students like limiting time management problems, helping students be ready for the upcoming your and what to look out for. some state that student designed projects wold be better due to less of a workload and boosting moral but this is not the case. Getting teacher designed projects is a great benefit and less of a work load in the future and can set an example for students wanting to earn being able to have a student designed project.