Why do we need driverless cars? They're not worth it, they might seem cool and everything but it could be dangerous. The car might malfunction and crash, it might make the driver get distracted, ect. There are many things that could go wrong so I am against the driverless car.

The reason I am against it is because of three main reasons. To start with the car is not yet ready to be tested in our generation yet, we can barely handle a normal car without crashing, and lastly is the car 100% sure it can handle evrything? The reason I say the car isnt ready for our generation is because the teenagers from this era are always distracted with their smart phones and maybe a cute girl passes by and they try to get a glimpse but the fact is the teenagers of today can't be trusted with a normal car. How are they going to handle a car thats driverless i say itll be more of a trouble because it will have more features in the car like the use of bluetooth and youtube that could be a problem. They'll want to look something up or try to change the song and they'll turn away from the street for one second and next thing you know they crash. Our generation of teenagers just isnt ready for that advanced technology yet so i propose we restrict the cars to only adults even tho thats another argument as well but they're atleast aware of what they're getting themselves into.

The other things are accidents, its not only the driver who is to blame sometimes its the car and the manufacturer who are to blame. yeah, maybe the driver took his eye off the road for a second and didn't see the other car but what if the driver never took his eyes off the road and saw the car and tried to stop but couldn't because the car wasn't responding. Then it would be the companies fault for not assuring that their cars are ready and safe enough. So what if the driverless car sin't safe enough too. They say that the car is ready but there have been many situations where the company assures you its safe and weeks later there are news about the car malfunctioning because the company forgot to check something that could happen with all the driverless cars they might malfunction and kill or injure someone. so I would rather wait utnil everythung is safe and sucure and that the company can assure us a 99.99% assurance that it will work.

To conclude my argument is the car ready for any situation or anything at all? like is it safe enough to have a baby in it can it even have a baby in it. Can it handle weather, can it handle accidents ahead? there are many things that can occur and we don't know if the car is ready. Plus the repairs for it would be expensive I don't think anyone would want to pay a lot for that car too much money. Do they meet with the safety standards, are they approved by all the states? There are just so many things that I could say to go against the driverless car i can't finish today but this is a little of what i think about the driverless car.