What is learning? How do we learn? Where does learning take place? In a public school? In a private school? What about through the lens of a technological device? With technology skyrocketing in this new decade of 2020, we find ourselves using more and more online means of communication then we ever have! This technological communication is great and all, but should it be used for school?

First off, homeschooling has been around for my whole life; however, just in this last decade the word "home school" has been given a whole new meaning. The communication of students to professors through online video conferencing is not only getting more popular, but has also brought amazing benefits to both sides. This way of communicating is not only much more efficient for the student and professor as far as personal time goes, but much more efficient for our environmental factors as well! The amount of gas just students alone use getting to and from school is astounding. We already have enough people letting the toxic fumes of carbon dioxide from gas burn off ruin our atmosphere; why have more than we need? If just one in ten students were able to video chat, or take class online one to three times a week with their professors, the time, energy, money, and well being of people would dramatically increase. Besides it's a lot easier to power an iPhone or iPad, than to power a car.

Secondly, video communication doesn't just benefit the professor and video callers of the class, but it also benefits the other students in that class! More students at home means more of an empty class, a more empty class means less distraction, and less distraction means more working, teaching, and listening gets accomplished by the class. Less students in classes also means that the students there get more hands on time with their professors! Professors are also much less stressed with a tiny class compared to an enormous one. There definitely aren't any negative effects to having: smaller classes, more student engagement, and less distractions.

Finally, their's an extremely high number of working adults, who are either still in college or going back to college, who simply don't have time to go to class because they have to make a living on their own. School online is crucial for these kinds of people. The privilege to be able to video conference with a professor, and have it count just as if you were there sitting in class is unremarkable. For this reason, I don't see how anyone could respectably hate the idea of school online, and with that being said, I feel we should continue to embrace online classes as much as we can.

Overall, technology has blown up the educational world, not just for college students, but everyone. Regardless of where you live, how you get to school, or even how you do in school. Technology has had a crucial impact on our learning lives, and will continue to do so for many years to come.