There is usually no way of getting out of or way of getting around having to go to school. Everyone needs education in some way, shape or form. I believe offering a distance learning as an option would help in many ways because of transportation issues, comfort, and lack of distraction.

Some say that coming to the school house would be better than being able to work from home but I can show you otherwise with three reasons, starting with transportation. Not everyone has a way of getting to school. Some are too far from the school house to walk, can't catch the bus, or no one is there to take them. Even the ones who do have a bus to ride, they may miss it and feel as if they're already late they might as well not show up and with that they're missing a days worth of education. Having online courses at home would be beneficial because all you'd have to do is wake up and sign on. With that it'd make things easier on the student and the people around them.

Reason number two would be comfort. Many people during their teenage years have a high level of anxiety, having to walk around a school with many people or having to present in front of a class could make those anxieties worse. When working from home students wouldn't have to worry about that, they could lay in their beds or sit at their kitchen table and work on that classwork. Also they wouldn't have to deal with the anxieties of presenting in front of 20 plus students they could simply make a video and turn it in for a presentation. Working in the comfort of their homes could make their grades improve as well because they aren't working under so much stress or pressure. Also if they are more of a visual learner there is videos online that could help them as well.

Finally, the lack of distraction while working at home. Some people have a hard time focusing surrounded by so many different things going on, me being one of them, so it prevents them from getting their work done. Working at home would eliminate many of those distractions for most people such as loud talking and screaming, people walking back and forth, horseplay and much more. Being home the only thing that could distract a student is the student itself, the quality of the work will reflect that too. If they're doing what they're supposed to be doing with minimal distraction they should be okay.

As stated before online courses would be beneficial to the students mentality and make it comfortable at that. I can see the reasons others may believe that learning inside the school would be better but online is the way to go. It'll show a true reflection of that student as the type of person they are and their capabilities. 