Ever since cell phones became popular in the late 1990's, in America, they have evolved from being simple mobile dialing and answering machines to basically mini computers that allow humans to now do a multitude of things like surf the internet and bank online to name a few. Unfortunately, in rent years humans have used cell phones to answer and receive calls, text and surf the Internet.

As a result, cell phones have caused automobile accidents which have unfortunately led to deaths.

In my opinion, drives should not be able to use cell phones if they are held in ones hand, however, they should be allowed to use cell phones in "hands free" mode as follows while operating a vehicle:

1. to talk and/or talk text via Bluetooth, 2. to use maps and/or a navigation system and 3. for entertainment purposes such as listening to music and the ability to watch movies, especially during cross county travel.

Talking and texting while driving has become a "hot topic" in recent years mainly because of more and more humans using cell phones on a daily basis and the rise in traffic accidents due to talking and/or texting. I will agree that drivers can get distracted while talking on the cell phone while using their hands.

I will also agree that drivers can get distracted by using their hands to text because the driver is constantly looking up and down which results in loss of concentration and attention to other drivers and to the road. However, a solution to the problem would be to mandate that all drives must use "hands free" mode via Bluetooth or you will be in violation of the law and can get a traffic ticket if seen using your hands.

Before the cell phone, humans used actual paper maps to navigate the world.

Until the early 2000's when cell phones came with satellite navigation via Goggle maps, software and apps such as MapQuest and Waze which allow the driver to get directions to their destinations via the cell phone.

Navigation systems usually speak to the driver via the sound system in the vehicle which allow the driver to not use their hands.

However, there are times that drivers use their hands to see the maps, therefore resulting in a traffic accidents. A solution to this issue would be to require all drivers to use the "hands free" mode while using navigation systems.

The Internet has allowed for cell phones to have the ability to play radio stations from all over the country and not just local radio stations.

The Internet has also allowed for humans to download their favorite music to their cell phones which they can then listen to the music via the phone.

The Internet has also given humans the ability to watch television and movies via the cell phone by using apps such as YouTube and Netflix.

Music has probably least likely to cause drivers to get distracted.

However, movies have most likely caused traffic accidents because the driver looks up and down at the screen losing concentration while driving.

A solution to this problem would be that the driver can only listen to music while driving and only the passengers can watch movies while the driver is driving, which are all "hands free" solutions.

In conclusion, it is my opinion that drivers should be able to use cell phones in the capacity of "hands free" mode while operation a vehicle.

The actual cell phone device is really not the issue that causes traffic accidents, it is basically the user lacking concentration, not paying attention and not using hands free mode that causes traffic accidents.

Although humans will still get into traffic accidents while using "hands free" mode while operation a vehicle, it will most certainly cut down the number of accidents in the United States and around the world.            