When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person, and they do that because you can see different view points, it will help you decide on a better choice, and if you only talk to one person they may not give you good advice.

Seeing different points of you view is very important when it comes down to choices, and that could be choices that might change your life. What i mean by different points of views is different ways of seeing things, because one person might only think one way about a choice. Asking multiple people really help you see things in ways you might not have thought about. If you only ever asked one person what they thought about a situation you might only ever think one way because you aren't expanding the thought process if you only look at it in one way.

Another reason why you should ask multiple people for advice is the fact that then you can make your decision based off of the advice you received.

When asking multiple people for some advice (whoever you do ask) they might tell you things that are good, but they might also tell you things that can be bad. Thats why asking more than just one person can be beneficial.

There are always two outcomes of a decision, and most of the times it comes down to being between a good and a bad outcome. So make sure that you think hard when you make your decision, and pay attention to what advice the people give you and some of the things they say to you, because making a good choice can be pretty especially with things like pure pressure. Make sure you ask more than one person, because it can be the deciding outcome of a good or bad choice.

My last reason that you should talk to multiple people is that if you do only talk to one person they might be a bad influence on you, or they might only give you one way of thinking.

My point is that you should try asking a different amount of people you trust and that you know give good advice. Try asking more adults or people older because 9/10 they will give you better knowledge and advice of a situation, and thats because they have lived longer and they are most likely wiser than other kids your age. Ask close family members, and the people who know you the best, but also make sure that they are being mindful at the same time.

In conclusion making the right choice can be difficult, but if you remember to ask the people you trust, look at the decision and see it in different perspectives, and make sure to make a good choice then deciding on a decision or choice won't be all that hard.