Dear state senator,

I personally believe that we should stick to and continue the idea of the Electoral College. For one, there are trusted electors in the Electoral College that are trusted to vote for the right candidate. Secondly, there isn't much that can go wrong in the Electoral College. Last but not least, by electing a president of the United States through popular vote, the right person may not be elected to be president for our country.

To start off, there are trusted electors in the Electoral College that are trusted by the parties to make the right vote for president. The Electoral College is a system that was created by the founding fathers created in the Constitution. When voters go off to the polls most have the thought in their mind that they are voting for their next president when they really are not. In the Electoral College there are 538 electors, which ever candidate gets the majority of 270 electoral votes wins the election. In source 3, the passage states "When you vote for a presidentisl candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors". The electors that are in the Electoral College are selected by a certain party and the party trust that the person will vote for that certain party's candidate. With this process, the candidate that ends up getting elected is more likely the right candidate for the president spot.

Secondly, when using the Electoral College there ins't too many things that can go wrong. Most people that choose to go against the Electoral College would say that "with the Electoral College its not really our choice when we vote because in the end the electors from the party vote for the president". In source 2, the passage states "Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote." If a tie with the electoral votes is to ever take place, the House of Representatives would handle the election and state delegations would have the final vote for president. Also, if a tie does take place then the Senate would vote for the vice-president.

Last but not least, if we switch to the popular vote election process then the right president candidate may not always be elected. This point can go against both sides. The side that supports the Electoral College may say "the people may vote for a certain candidate because of his color or race". The side that supports the popular vote system may say "when we go out to vote it doesn't count towards anything because of the electors in the Electoral College. So why are we even going out to the polls to vote?" Also, with the Electoral College there will not be any run-off elections. In source 3, the passage states "The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast".

In conclusion, I believe we should keep the Electoral College system going so we can have a more fluent election process. For one, there are trusted electors in the Electoral College that the parties trust to make the right vote. Secondly, when using the Electoral College there isn't too many things that can go wrong with the election process. Last but not least, if we switch to the popular vote election process them the right president candidate may not always be elected. Senator I hope that we can continue the Electoral College election process            