You should not require all students to do community service. You should make it extra credit if they do though. If you made it mandatory then the students would not be doing it out of their own will. They would just be doing it because of the fact that it is mandatory. If you made it extra credit or if they got a casual day or something for motivation then students would do it for that purpose and might actually enjoy it.

You should not require them to do it for a grade so that they don't just do it for a grade. They have to do it for a purpose. Such as helping them but even doing it for extra credit is bad too. It is bad because then the students would just be doing the community service for extra credit not for the actual purpose of helping the community. There could be some other ways that they would do it for the purpose.

A way that they could do it for a reason would be if you emailed the students parents and told them that you would like it if the students would take part in some community service once in a while that would be better. If you did that then the parents would just say no our schedule does not have room for it. Another thing that the parents could say is that they just don't want to. They could also say that we will try to get in some community service when ever our schedule has an opening for it. But i think that if you sent an email to the parents than you would get more students doing community service than you would if you made it mandatory.

If the principal made it mandatory at my school I wouldn't do it any way. I would not do it anyway because I do not have that much time in my schedule between sports and homework and school. I think if I cut out all of the time that I had free than it would be about an hour right after dinner where I usually am getting ready to go to sleep. I would agree with my friends that say that community service takes up to much time from what I need and want to do. Even though it isn't a waist of time i think that it is important and stuff but i just do not have very much time to do it.