Some schools require students to complete a summer project. Even through teacher can be a great help, I believe that summer projects should be student-designed. I feel that students should be able to design their own projects because, it can help expand their minds, self creavity, and helps them get used to making projects threw the school year. So learning should never stop even on break. It's good to keep learning, and it helps out a students thinking process to keep are brains healthly.

Most students create a project about a subject that their most instersted, or about something they like; an object. In these process, students are trying to find facts about the subject or object like where is it made, how was it made, what is it about, and etc. If it's an teacher-designed project the subject or object would be the same for everyone, which would takes the fun out of the project for students. If a teacher gives you a project over a break where the students have to create a project with the choosen subject, most students forget about the project, and last minute finish the project because it's not what the students want to create. If they student creates the project on their own, it makes students more instersted in creating they want to do.

I believe all students should be able to create a project on their own through out are break time outside of school. Summer projects is also a good way for practice to kids that are from other countries moving into a United States school. It also, gives them more oppurtunity to learn about America and teach others about where their from. For example say a student moved from South Africa to Califorlina. That person will see palm trees, sunny days, large school buildings, and all type of things they never seen before. As that person moving from so far what can you image in your head that person would want to make a project on. They start to learn a new words and start speacking in english. If a teacher-dissigned that persons project you maybe never get to know there background story in life, and how they grew up because they couldn't make a project that they created. The more humans think, the more we learn and that helps keep are brain working and healthy, because the more we learn the smarter we get over time.

In concusion, I believe that the summer projects should be student-designed because it makes students want to complete the project over the summer, it helps students get more creative, and expands their things to learn new thing kepping their brain active and learning.               