Many people believe that students benefit from working at home rather than at school. Opinions may vary as there are many pros and cons for students when it comes to online school. Some schools may not have a choice due to the overcrowding of students. But, students should not consider taking classes online because it will not give students an opportunity to socialize among peers, it will not give students structure compared to what they would get in school, and students won't be able to get hands on help on struggling assignments.

Socializing among peers is very important, especially among teens. Friends are a big part of a students life as they provide a sort of happiness and gratification. An example of this is when a student decided that he wanted to take all of his classes online, thinking that it would make life a lot easier. What he didn't realize is the fact that he wouldn't have anyone to talk to during the day. While all his friends are at school, having conversations, he was at home by himself. Due to this problem, he then decided that it was a mistake and went back to school the following year. Many studies have shown that socializing among peers is very beneficial for ones mental health. Having someone to talk to and be there for you is very beneficial. If a student is taking online school the only thing they are talking to or looking at is a screen. Hopefully, students take this into consideration when deciding either to stay in school or stay at home and take online school.

Structure is a key part of the amount of success a student will have in their academics. Schools provide this with teachers and how they make sure that a student is working up to his/her potential. About a year ago, there was a student at Generic_School that was a certified delinquent. This student barely showed up to class and his grades clearly represented it. Consequently, a teacher took her time and effort to try and get him on the right path. In time, it worked and the student is a lot more successful because this teacher gave him the structure that he needed and something he wouldn't have gotten online. Let's face it, if a student takes classes online, he/she won't give the same amount of effort they would normally due to no one keeping them in check. Staying home the entire day would give a student the thought of "hey, just do this later". That's the type of mindset a student will have if they take online school. Success isn't just the amount of effort a student puts in, but also the structure built around them.

Lastly, the amount of help a student can receive in school rather than online school is enormous. Having a teacher be there to help at anytime is something a student won't be able to receive online. Online school does provide students with help but it isn't the same as having someone hands on. An example of this is online Econ and Finance compared to in class Econ and Finance. A student must take this class in order to graduate and some may consider it easy, others may not. It isn't a very easy class and many students need help understanding it. Comparing finals scores between a online student and a in class student showed that the in class student understood more due to the amount of help she received from the teacher. Another argument is that students are given an opportunity to stay after school to get help on struggling assignments, something a student can't get online. After school help has helped many students finally understand the work given and given them a chance to be successful. If a student is having trouble online, they would most likely Google it and that isn't as reliable as a teacher. The help a student can get in school is incomparable to anything else.

In conclusion, online school will not benefit a student. Maybe there are pros, such as getting more sleep or having a quiet environment, but the amount of pros that come from regular school is insurmountable. Students should not consider taking classes online because it will not give students an opportunity to socialize among peers, it will not give students structure compared to what they would get in school, and students won't be able to get hands on help on struggling assignments. Hopefully students think this decision through and make sure that he/she makes the right one. 