Education is a really important part of a persons life, it shows the level of intelligence and discipline someone has acquired over the years. There are many different types of schools that offer many unique ways of introducing education. An great example is Online classes or video conferencing giving students the option to stay home and learn if they are to far away from a nearby school. Many people discuss over this topic but, overall it is not a good idea because students would not learn how to socialize with other students, it would cause health issues, and laziness.

Furthermore, students who take online classes lose the chance of hanging out and socializing with other classmates. Online classes take away the very basic skills of a child in many ways. Taking away their team work skills and also communication skills. These skills are extremely important in life they are used every second of it. These skills will help them on the long run like applying for a job. Companies look for people who are not afraid to start a conversation with the customer.

Afterwards, online classes will start to take a toll on a persons body due to looking at a screen for to long and sitting in a chair causing back problems. In public schools kids learn by the teacher in person also taking breaks once in awhile. Recess is the one thing kids love the most while their in school and this is coming from personal experience. Online classes take this gift away from the students causing them to be inactive and not having any school memories. It also damages the back in the process of learning sitting down in a chair for a few hours staring at a screen not moving out of the seat to stretch once in awhile.

Overall, laziness will start to kick in to the student saying, "if i could do school at home what is the point of doing stuff person, when i can do it online?"They will start to question everything they do in person which the can do virtually. Now even stores offer the option for them to pick out the things you want and deliver them to the customers car. That is just a big example of laziness ! Why would someone need an employee of the store to hand pick out your wants and to even deliver them and place them inside the car. Many big stores and cellular applications offer this like Walmart, Grubhub,and etc. Which introduced a whole new world of laziness showing kids to take the easy way out of duties and responsibilities, when they have a problem and having difficulty finding a solution.

Otherwise, online classes are not the best idea but, they can be improved in lots of ways. My statement overall is a negative one because online classes introduce laziness,health issues to students,and also take basic skills away from students that they will need in the real word.       