Each person's lives are all different.

The multiple opinion can make better choice by thinking what you didn't thought before. And we can consider advantage and disadvantage based on their experience,knowledge,and environment.

People can decide the view of the opinion based on person's experience and person who asked a question will have opportunity to consider about all opinion to make better choice. Each person has different experience. And they use their experience to decide the best choice. For example if person wants to do bungi jump and ask people whether to do or not. And if the person whose answering this question had tried bungi jump and felt that it's fun,that person will say it was fun so do it. But if the person whose answering this question saw the news about accident while bungi jumping,that person will say it's dangerous so don't do it.

People has different opinion based on their knowledge and the person who asked the question,will have opportunity to consider about the safest choice. Each person has different knowledge. And and based on the their knowledge,people decide whether the opinion is appropriate or not. For example if the person went to mountain and found the mushrooms. And he or she was very hungry,he or she asked to people whether to eat or not. And if the person whose answering the question don't know about the mushrooms,will say you can eat it. And if the person whose answering this question knows well about mushroom cause he was interested about it,will say they might be poisonous so don't eat it.

People consider different things based on their environment and the person who asked the question,will have opportunity to decide which is the best choice. Each person has different environment that they are living. And environment can make opinion that are the best and also for the future. For example,if the person wants to buy a expensive item so he or she asked to people whether buy or not. And if the person whose answering this question was having allowance every month from their parents,will say buy it because you wanted and your parents will give allowance next month. And if the person whose answering this question are working by him or her selves to earn money,will say no because you need to save it for the future.

So the multiple opinion will help someone to make better choice by all different people's experiences,knowledge,and environment. And help someone to consider with more opinions that help to think more deeper.