dear principal,

my name is STUDENT_NAME and i think we should keep it at a c point average because most people in our school have c point average and if we made it a b point average then you would barley have a team to play for the school because most people have c point averages. some people get good grades but there either afraid of playing sports or can't play them but that's not always the case, cause some smart people can play sports but mostly its the people that don't do very good in school that play good in sports. for the after school things its the same way but some people say after class for like after school(detention), or for more help its not always for like a book club or something. so if you did raise the average to a b point average then people would want to come to after school tutoring, which means more teaching for you teachers. they would come for help because they would think they didn't do well enough to get into the sport they wanted. so they would ask for help to be able to get into the sport they wanted.

besides it wouldn't hurt you if you just keep it at a c average. if it was at a c point average people start to feel good about them self's because they know there gonna pass and do well on things cause they know what there doing but just needs to study a little. if they feel good about them self's then the teachers will feel good about them self's because there the ones that taught you what you know. so that would make the principal happy because all of the students learned something and know how to fix it if there wrong. so if you keep it at a c point average then things would all be nice and there wouldn't be as many struggles with kids cause they would know something but learn how to improve on what they messed up on. so those are some reasons why i think and some other students think that you should keep it at a c point average. so lets leave the students alone and not get them worried about having to push them self's way to hard just to get to a b point average.

from STUDENT_NAME!:)