Would you wanttolive in a world where driving is now done by computers? I mean, wouldn't that just be sweet? Well, I'm going to let you on a little secret that I call the "Three Part Series". This world would be dangerous, promote laziness, and would be quite expensive.

Firstly, this invention would be dangerous. Not only would these computers have to be programmed to completely analyze and control the road, but new laws will have to be published for these driverless cars. In paragraph 9, it says "Still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover the liability in the case of an accident." which over all make you stop and think. If this tecnology fails or makes a mistake, who is at fault, you the driver or the manufacturer? Will driving tests still be required in case of an emergency or will everyone lack the knowledge of driving? It's so dangerous that California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia has started to limit the use ofsemi-autonomous cars.

Secondly, this invention will not only promote laziness but bring about other inventions that will promote computer controlled programs. These cars will provide a better respose and control than a human, like it says in paragraph 5, so will this push us to be less aware of the roads and dangers of accidents? You might say "what's so bad about that?", well not only are you losing your everyday self-awareness but you're allowing yourself to become lazy. No longer will your attention be on the road but instead focused on the lastest updated picture of Justin Bieber, while you drink a sweet tea from the dollar menu. Sooner or later you'll be the girl/boy everyone has seen give their clothes to a robot to wash them or your kitchen to a robot who cooks for you.

Lastly, not only will you be lazy, but, you'll be broke too. In 2000, "Radar" or these driverless cars we're estimated to cost 200 million dollars. I don't know about you, but I know there's no way I'll be spending 200 million on driverless car when that's all I'm estimated to make for a LIFETIME. With the price of this car, I can imagine how much money these companies will be needing just to manufacturer one set each of these cars. So, just take a minute and think how money these companies are going to blow that can be used towards something else, like charity,at-risk neighborhoods, homeless shelters or even just rehab centers. So, ultimately you'll be spending more on this car then you'll make in a lifetime or even spend in a lifetime.

In conclusion, I would like to say that I still agree and stand by my "Three Part Series" or TPS for short. As you can see, not only will this car be inefficient but it will be expensive, dangerous, and will promote laziness. So the next time you might think this will be a great idea, remember the engraved "Three Part Series".