The Electoral College, good or bad? Many may feel that the Electoral College has more downs than ups, but thats not always the case. I feel that despite these common views we should keep the electoral college due to the fact that popular vote may not always be the best way.

There have been multiple instances in which the electoral college has saved many elections due to the fact that the popular vote was too close. This "college" consists of multiple slates of electors. These electors are really who we vote for when we vote for president. Every 'state' including the District of Columbia are allocated a certain amount of electors. These electors then vote for whoever won the popular vote in that state despite the other sides views. This is called a "winner-take-all" system. Yet there are two states, Maine and Nebraska, that have a "proportional representation" system. When it is done the governor creates a "Certificate of Ascertainment" which basically is the official way of declaring who in that state won the vote.

The Electoral College is more good then bad due to the fact that it has saved instances of a tight vote. The Electoral College does require the presidential candidates to abide by some rules. One of which is making the candidate focus on other areas rather than the region they know they will win the vote in. Another like i have been talking about is the outcome, it enables a balance that should be kept between the popular votes. It is also another way like the two houses of Congress; where it keeps the balance of political choice between big states and small states. It also avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast.

Now many may find it that the electoral college are beings from a bottomless pit because of the year 2000 election between Al Gore and George W. Bush; with Al Gore winning with over 60% of the popular vote. This is most likely due to the reason why he mmay have stretched out all of his visits between the states. He may have won more popular votes in total than Bush but he may have appealed to a minority of people in each state so the overall of the state wanted Bush. Some say the best argument against the Electoral College is the disaster factor. Just because some may choose not to vote for the person they are supposed to doesnt mean that the entire college is bad. These things are going to heppen with people who think differently. Just because someone may think McDonald's is nasty and they refuse to go; are you going to not go because they don't? This happens in everything we do we are only human, we are different, not everyone thinks in the same way. When we do it is a recipe for disaster.

So, in my opinion, we must keep the electoral college if we want to keep the balance in everything the US stands for, politically and demographically. These are facts that should not be ignored, just because some see differently doesn't mean we have to change the foundation of our society.    