Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students will not benefit from being able to attend classes from home at all. Taking video conference classes can be hard; the WiFi going out, hard to see what the teacher is writing, and hard to hear what the teacher is saying. The students attending video conferencing classes will possibly struggle to learn and pass the classes. Some students will find it hard to focus and end up doing something other then paying attention to the class.

Students taking online classes will think they have as much time to do an assignment, so they can go do what ever they want to do. Then the students will forgot about their online classes and end up failing their classes. Some students will start to think there is no point anymore to take the classes and end up dropping the classes. When they drop their classes they will have a hard time finding a good job for their future, no company wants to hire a drop out because it wouldn't do the company any good; the company would think the drop out is just going to quit and affect the company future. So the drop out will struggle his whole life looking for a job and being able to live.

When taking an online class you have to be on top of it all the time, but some students will slack off and later on they would wonder why they're failing the classes. It's really hard to bring the grades up when you're failing them. Some students will care about their grades and start trying their hardest to bring them up. The students that will not try to bring their grades up and end up taking the classes again or end up dropping out. So you have to make a hard decision but good, because it will affect you're future.

I conclude attending online classes or video conferencing is not a smart move to take. Going to public or private schools are the decisions to make. It will help with social skills, getting involved in the school activities, the teachers can see what is good for you, and what is the best decision for you to take. It also can help on job interviews knowing you attend to school. Having a good education will help out a lot. It can get you into a good college and get you into a good job with a really good pay for your future. 