Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I believe that students should be able to play sports even if their grade is below a B. I think the students should get to play unless they are failing. School sports is a great way to get kids out and about. A lot of kids in our school don't get enough exercise which leads to obesity. School sports also boost a lot of kids self esteem which helps with their social life, and its makes them have more confidence with in themselves. Grades do matter a lot but this is a chance to get kids up and school sports don't last the whole year, they just last for a few months. Which in the mean time gives the kids a chance to bring up their grades. I think if kids have a C but they are trying their best you shouldn't hold them back from doing something that they love.

I think that doing school sports could decrease the amount of obesity at our school, but if some of those obese kids have a C or lower then there's no way for them to get exercise if they don't do healthy activities at home, this is giving them a chance to get up and chance themselves to become a healthier person. You shouldn't stop them from participating in something that is a healthy choice and a great opportunity to participate in a school activity.

Also kids who feel like they don't fit in really would enjoy doing school sports because they get the chance to experience working with new people and making new friends. i think that they enjoy going from hardly being noticed at all to being one of the starts on the basketball team. They will be happier and feel better about themselves because just something simple like that can make a huge difference to a kids feelings. Grades shouldn't matter if it is making someone feel good about themselves.

In conclusion i think that you should reconsider your idea. I believe kids need the chance to experience making new friends and feeling good about themselves. Also kids need to be active. So many kids are getting fat these days because they sit and pay video games, or eat junk food and watch television. School sports will help with all of that. Grades shouldn't matter as long as the students are passing all of their classes.

Thanks.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME