There are many benefits and downsides to go to venus.

Just like the tittle say of this article. " The challenge of exporling venus. It is not going to be easy trying to study life on venus and actually trying to live there. For example in the text it states that " No spacecraft surived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this isue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on venus in more than three decades. Which means that no one has been on venus in a very long time. More evidence of how we can't live on venus is. ow there are clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venu's atmosphere. If you don't know what corrosive sulfuric acid is or what it does let me tell you, you do not want that. If that touches your skin it will literally melt your skin off and it will burn like nothing before.

Despite all of the negative things on venus;there are some benfeits that humans can get from being on venus. For example, in the text it says that. " Venus was probably coverd largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life,

just like earth. Also, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familar eatures such as valleys, mountains, and craters. Another piece of evidence from the text says that venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel.

Some more textual facts from the article says that

" Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. The text says " Amagine a blip- like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling venusian landscape. Just as or het airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. Now that would be amazing for our scientist to do. Another thing that would be a benfit from being on venus would be solar power. We would pretty much never run out of sunlight and we could run off of solar pannels for a long time.

In Conclusion, all of the dangerous conditions on venus, there are some good things to come out of it.

You should never just be biased and look on one side, you should always look on the other side as well and see if there can be any benefit or any good that could come out of it. And becuase we are looking on the other side despite of the bad stuff maybe one day we could possibly live on venus.                                 