Are we using cars too much?

In Source 2 : Paris bans driving due to smog

, " After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial drving ban to clear the air of the global city." Because that we use cars too much, we are creating pollution that is basically driving the planet we live on downhill. There is a way to change this. Limiting car usage, there are many advantages of limiting car usage.

Life can go on without cars. In VAUBAN,Germany a community has created a car-free city. The streets are completely car free. This is an experimental new district that is seeing if excluding cars can life become better not only physically but also mentally. Many people driving on the roads daily tend to have more stress from overcrowding streets, noise, and most of all crashes. "As a result, 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move to here. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much pappier this way," said heidrun Walter." (Source 1,3) From this evidence it shows that life without a car can actually have a better impact on a person.

Another advantage to limiting car usage is it reduces pollution. Paris enforced a driving ban to clear smog from the global city after a near record pollution. From this ban alomst 4,000 drivers were fined, and some even had their cars impunded due to their reactions from the fines. But these fines and bans came out with a positive effect in the end. Congestion went down 60 percent in the capital of France, just after a few days of putting the ban into effect. The smog cleared enough for the French ruling party to rescind the ban for certain days.

Has America's love for cars already started cooling? Or has technology taken the reason why we should drive away? Elisabeth Rosenthal states that , " the interent makes telecommuting possibole and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends. the renewal of center cities has made the suburbs less appealing and has drawn empty nesters back in. Likewise the riswe in cellphones and car-pooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work" (source 4, 35) I believe that since technology has evolved that people dont feel the need to leave home to meet friends when they can just use apps or call,text,facetime,etc.

These reasons I showed make me believe that limitng car usage can create positive advantages, I hope they make you feel the same way too.                                               