The Presidental Elections

.

The elections are a brutal time canididates compete for the favor of the citizens they campain, give great speaches about why they would be best for the position of leading the nation, often state why their adversary would be the worst person for the job. This causes oposition in the nation tearing it apart, however now not only are the people emotional about the election but also about the process, their are aguments about whether or not that the orginal process sould remain. The system that the  elections have been held sence the Constitution has been written was that each citizen in a state would vote for one canadidate or the other by voting for the electors of that specific person then  the electors in turn would vote for the cannidate and their votes would decide the presidency as stated in paragraph six and seven of the first source"

What Is the Electoral College?"  by the Office of the Federal Register

. This system althoug it has worked so far it is not the best way of conducting the elections in this time and age citizens should modify and conform the process to fit the need we have now.

The problems claimed by the ones opoised to the electoral college, as told in the second source " The Idefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer, are that the process cause individuals to have little to no say in the person that will be their leader for years, they do not have control over who their canadidates elect and must simply hope that they do indead vote for who they promised to, also the election is decieded by the few states that do not have a predetermined majority of voters in each state leaving the rest of the country feeling left out of the feasco of the election and as if their perfered canidate dose not care of them or their support and opinions. This persents the system to be truly flawed in the way that it is curantly operateing.

Individuals,as source three "In Defense of the Electorial College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" by Richard A. Posner, wish to claim that the system is not flawed in great lenghts because it has worked for such a time that it is seen by them sufficant in its orcastration. It is said that the electors often do vote for who they pleaged they would and that decite is uncomon: however why should America risk the posibility of decite it has happened befor and if not prevented it will happen again. Do we not owe it to ourselves, posterity, and country to fix all potental harms to our nation the presidency should not be taken lightly it is a grand position that gives power and fame to all who hold those who have it could maintain the country, grace the nation with new prosperity, or condem Americans to years of suffering, toil, and misery. As citizens we should not alow anyone but the most valid character obtain this place. Mistakes are not alowed! we should take it upon ourselves now to modify this method be for it is to late and avertid.

There is no mitake America must act fast and modify this method for the nation, for their children, and for themselves.    