Dear Principal,

Good morning! It has come to my attention that you are considering to change our school policy. If you haven't noticed, most of the students have a C average. Many students may be arguing that changing our policy is wrong; my argument is just the opposite. By the end of this letter, I'm sure that you'll be convinced that we should definitely change our policy.

Which is more important, grades or after school activities? Yes, students do like to play sports and do other activities, but does this mean they should let their grades go? I believe this is very wrong. But, this doesn't mean we should let the students stop what they love to do. Getting good grades is very important, and I believe parents would agree with me as well. I myself, am one of these people that like to get good grades. This is what being in school is about.

First of all, grades on a report card reflect what the student knows, and what they need more help on. I think that it's fair that students should at least get a B in school. If students want to play sports or do other activities, then they should learn to be good physically, as well as mentally. In America, it's all about equality and fairness. Your idea of changing the policy seems fair enough. I'm sure that when you change your policy, you'll see a great change on your students report cards.

When I was in Kindergarten, my parents would tell me school is fun. Now that I'm in 8th grade, you see that it gets a little more hard and boring. But, students can be more enthusiastic about school, when they feel how getting good grades feels great. I assure you, once students realize that they have to get their grades higher, to play sports or do other activities, they will learn that they can be both smart, and active.

Lastly, I hope that you'll consider the change in policy, because it will be a great help for students. Fair is fair, and getting at least a B to play sports, or do other activities will make their parents happy, and maybe they will be too. I want to thank you for taking your time to read my letter, and I hope you'll go along with changing our school policy. This will help our school achieve more, and make it a better learning experience for everybody.

Sincerely,

A stud                  