Dear State Senator,

The Electoral College has held together Americas' voting for several of years. It has also torn down voting, people argue against it. It favors the people and their vioces. The Electoral College should not change, it should stay in effect, because it keeps fairness with big states and their votes and it will avoid run-off elections.

The Electoral College should not change because it keeps fairness with big states. As stated in source 3: In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President, in paragraph 21, it says that the Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution. The system of which the Electoral College has keeps big states from making a bigger impact, intead it makes sure that the big states have the same imact of voting as the littler states do.

Keeping the Electoral College in effect will avoid run-off elections. As shown in Source 1: What Is the Electoral College? It states that the Electoral College consists of 538 electors. It also states that A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. In Source 3: In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President, in paragraph 22, it states that when no canidate wins a majority of the votes it casts a pressure. That pressure can highly effect the presidental election process, which is reduced by the Electoral College.

The Electoral College should not change because it has held the american voting together for so long. It is obviuosly working if the people have only had a few problems with it. The Electoral College has done more good than it has bad, why get rid of or change something that is doing America good? The Electoral College has kept much fairness throughout big and small states with how much their voting will count, it has kept from having complications about run-off elections, and it has done many more great things for America.            