Every student must at least complete one extracurricular activity each year. When students participate in extracurricular activities like sports, working on the year book and serving the student council. Every student must do these's activities every year. Doing these activities will help out the school and your self. These activities will help you, making you get out and talk to people that you dont know, completing these activities each year will make you more active.

Doing sports is a very good way to keep you healthy you are also completing one of the activities that the principal . Every sport makes you move,

Examples walking, running and swimming. When you move your exercising and when you exercise you burn calorie. Sports also make you work together with other people you may not know very well, and it can be a very important skill that you will need in the future of your life. Playing sports is very healthy for you because you interact with people and you gain muscle.

When your trying to help make the year book everyone in the school is going to benefit from your actions. Working on the year book is a good way get you off games and be more productive. Also you will work with other people which can help you learn a skill about teamwork and how faster and productive then working alone. When you work on the yearbook it takes a lot of time out of your day, however you are being very productive through out the day instead of playing games and messing around. completing this project will help a lot of people out by working on the year.

Completing these activities made you a more healthy person and a more skillful person also, working on these activities made you a better person in every single way. when you working on these activities you developed many skills like working with other people and not letting go of project. When playing sports you learned how to work together. A reason why the principal wanted everyone to work on a extracurricular is because you learn many skills from the tasks that you do. You had to work your way through the challenge.