The use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuble because teachers and other students can tell how a student may feel. It is important to know how someone is feeling so they can get counciling if needed, or so they can cheer up others. It's also important to be able to recognize facial expressions and the different types of muscle movements. This new type of technology can also be used to improve school systems. The Facial Action Coding System is of value to use on reading students' emotions.

The Facial Action Coding System can regonize how a student may be feeling. This could be beneficial for teachers and councilors because then they could help the student with any emotional problems they may be having. The technology, "can even identify mixed emotions". Mixed emotions can show a mix of happiness and sadness at the same time because people's emotions aren't always clear, and people can appear as something they are not. Facial expressions for each and every emotion are diverse.

Recognizing facial expressions and different muscle movements can help determine how someone is feeling. Instead of, "we humans perform(ing) this same impressive "calculation"", we humans can use a more reliable source. The Facial Action Coding System can, "handle the complex algorithms used to decode". It can, "indicate the difference between a geniune smile and a forced one." Having this in a classroom can tell what students are actually feeling, and we humans wouldn't have to be forced to guess.

This type of technology can improve how schools work. If, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored", then a teacher or staff member can better help that student or excite the class. Or, "it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor". The learning process can be made more entertaining and enriching to students.

Having technology to read students' emotional expressions in school is vauble. It can determine if a student has mixed emotions and needs a councilor, it can calculate how a student honestly feels, and it can improve school systems by giving more attention to those who are troubled or bored. This technological system can be beneficial and vauble. 