The Principle has decided to mandate every student to participate in at least one extracurricular activity, but is it a good idea? I think that the pros can eventually outweigh the cons if these tools are used properly. The social impact, impact on interests, and future impact can be very useful in their futures.

First of all, how much of an impact these activities is pretty cool when you think about it. One reason is because many students will be able to make friends in these activities, because everyone there shares at least one interest. It opens them up to people with similar interests which could be very helpful in making friends. Another reason is because these activities will give them time to hangout with their previously-made friends, or their new friends they just met. Last reason I will mention is stress levels. Their stress could get significantly lower, because they are hanging out with friends which usually makes people happier and with that they become more approachable. That is why the social impact it can have is positive.

Second of all, the impact it can have on interests is a positive one. The activities can help these student find new interests, and that gives them something to look forward to, fight for, and relax with. With these new found interests or pre-existing ones, they can develop those interests and keep building on them. Last reason is that these interests and hobbies developed in their adolescence years can open up and create future job opportunities but I will get to that in a bit. Those are a few positive ways this idea would impact interests.

Last reason it the impact on their futures. They might be able to make good, loyal lifelong friends, and if not lifelong at least long term, because they will be surrounded with people of similar interests and will most likely become more approachable. Like I mentioned before, this idea will be able to create job opportunities. For example, if one kid really likes computers but never thought about learning programming, with this new idea, they will be able to decide on programming and develop that interest. They might go to college for it and get a job in programming for a major tech giant. Another kid might already play soccer but with this extracurricular activity idea, it will open them up to a more talented pool of player where they can develop their craft and go pro. Last but not least, it can improve their time management skill. Some kids will be forced to manage their time more efficiently now that they have more on their plate. At first that might not sound like a good idea, but these extracurricular activities wont take priority, and this isnt as important as losing income because you got fired, or not being able to do something because you forgot. They will be able to decide on how to best manage their time and what works for them.

The Principle brought up a good talking point with this idea, that can be looked at in many different view points. My opinion on this is that it should be implemented for all of the reasons above. The positive impacts that this idea can have on their social life, interests, and future are undeniable and are what make this a good enough idea.