Some people think that taking classes at schools are best and some people think taking classes at home is best. I am one of those people that believe taking classes at home is better. There are a lot of different reasons why I believe that taking classes at home is better. The three reasons I believe that being homeschooled is best is because you have more freedom, it takes less time out of your day, and you are more comfortable in your own environment.

The first out of the three reasons that I believe that homeschooling is better is because you have more freedom. You can go to the bathroom whenever you want, you can eat whenever you want, you can have a break whenever you want, there are no specific rules you have to follow because you're not around other people. It's just you and your classes. You don't have to conduct yourself in a way that represents yourself nicely because you're not around other people. You also don't have to wake up at a specific time. It's amazing what benefits that comes with homeschooling. There are so many things you could do because of the freedom that comes with it.

The second out of the three reasons I believe that homeschooling is better is because it takes less time out of your day and it is more flexible with you schedule. A usual school day for high school students in Generic_City is 6 hours and 49 minutes. If you are homeschooled you can reduce that time by at least an hour. Depending on the student then it can be reduced by even more. Regular school is tiring and long, but homeschooling is mostly short and less tiring. If you have appointments or anything that comes up and you're homeschooled, you can be more flexible and lenient with your time. If you go to a public school you have to set appointment according to the time hat you are in school and possibly be absent that day because of the strict time schedule. Also, if you are homeschooled you don't have to wake up at a specific time which equals more sleep and if you are better rested then that means that you will be doing better during the day. Homeschooling is very good with your time.

The third and final reason that I believe that taking classes at home is better is because there is more comfortability. You don't have to get dressed into any outside/going out clothes when you are homeschooled. You can even stay in your pajamas if you want to, it's up to you. If you don't like being around other people and is shy, then homeschooling is the perfect thing for you. You are in your own environment and you can wear and act however you want to. You don't have to go anywhere, you can just lay in your bed and take your classes. Homeschooling offers a lot of benefits like comfortability.

In the end, I will always believe that homeschooling is better because of the benefits. You have more freedom, it takes less time to complete and it takes less time out of your day, and you can be more comfortable. But on downside is that you have to be in a specific situation to even try to become homeschooled. Parents have jobs and some kids don't have both parents in the house, but the benefits of homeschooling are enough to get parents thinking about doing that with their child. My opinion will never change about homeschooling and I hope I got to change yours.        