Driverless cars are the way of the future. Driverless cars could be more than just a way of transportation: they could be cheaper, safer, and more entertaining. With new innovations and improvements that modern day technology provides, driverless vehicles could become the only mode of on-land transportion that is needed.

Driverless cars are cheaper than the cars of modern society. The cofounder of Google, Sergey Brin, imagines a future in which driverless cars replace today's taxi system. Brin forsees driverless cars that "would use half the fuel of today's taxis." Brin also envisions that the driverless cars would provide "far more flexibility than a bus." In the past, the sensors needed for these driverless cars "was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred millions dollars." Now these sensors have become cheaper and easier to access.

These driverless cars of the future would be a safer option in adition to being cheaper. The driverless cars have sensors all around the car, including the roof, the rear wheels, "a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS reciever, and an inertial motion sensor." These sensors provide angles and points of view that the driver can not see. The sensors created using modern technology "ha[ve] become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers." With these new sensors that will just continue to become more advanced, less accidents will happen on the road.

The driverless cars are not only cheaper and safer, but they can provide a more entertaining and fun way to driver on the road. Although one would think that driverless cars that would still require a driver may become "bored waiting for their turn to drive," Dr. Werner Huber has come up with a solution. Dr. Werner Huber, who is a project manager at BMW, has come up with a way "to interpret the driving fun in a new way." Driverless cars could provide entertain for not only the driver, but the whole family. Movies could display and the front overhead and then simply go out of view when the driver needs tend to the road. "The in-car system is actually a safety feature" and can be more safe than "drivers trying to text with a cell phone."

Cars that do not require a driver are the future of today's society. These cars of the future give a cheaper, safer, and more enertaining alternative to the regular driving of the 21st century. The driverless cars will continue to make advances with today's improving technolody and those cars will pave the way to a brighter, better future. 