Some mornings, I wake up in bed and I just do not want to get out of my bed. The warm encompassing feeling of my bed is basically begging me to stay. It's times like these where I think "Ugh. I just want school to be online." Then all the disadvantages of this thought come rushing to me and soon I am up out of bed. Though long distance learning may be a suitable option for some, it is not for all. The education of the people should be taught in the most advantageous way possible which definitely is not online learning. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home as it can be seen as a way their education is being hindered.

A disadvantage of distance learning is that teacher's would not be able to fully communicate their class, states, and national standards. It leaves room open for misinterpretation and may not be conveyed properly. Since teachers are the ones that plan out standards alongside other educators in the world, it's best to explain in person and to answer questions of the students right then and there. If people attend classes from home, there'll be a lack of understanding from the student's side of what the teacher expects. For example, in the educational books and cartoon, The Magic School Bus, Ms. Frizzles teaches her students in a way that isn't just talking through technology nor is it talking at the kids; instead, she actually teaches them in a way where she's able to communicate fully what she means to teach. She gets her entire point across and her students understand it because it is engaging. Applying this more, if online schooling was given, then children would not be engaged enough to listen to their teacher's bare instructions. Even if they did pay attention, then there would probably be a lot of errors due to misinterpretation which is why distance learning would not be the best option.

Another way distance learning would be difficult for students is that some do not have access to technology or materials relating to it. Technology is not always available to anyone and if it is then people don't have the resources to learn how it works. This pertains to many areas not only in America but the world. In some places, such as rural ones, the idea of integrating technology into education can be seen as difficult or not worth the money or energy. So when educational systems like these are implemented, some don't have WIFI, internet connection, the technology itself, or the knowledge of how to use them. Same goes for those in poverty, they may not have the money to even afford such things and that's basically revoking their right to education. If mainstream education resorts to this it would be very, very disadvantageous to those in need and people in area where the idea is relatively new. This makes the idea not helpful for the students and their education.

A final way in which students, especially those who are younger, would find online or video conferencing school not benefiting would be due to them feeling uncomfortable learning like that. Online school would be more static and stationary than kinetic and moving which is a way some but not all students may learn. There are various different learners who need to find a comfortable way for them to learn and through video chatting may not be it. I know many kids personally, who lose concentration even trying to watch videos on YouTube about school. Say they actually resort to learning through in real life video conferencing, they may not be able to concentrate and retain any of the information. As young ones grow they must find whether they're a visual, auditory, and/or kinetic learner. By implementing this way of learning, it may hinder one's educational growth as they won't be able to experience much of those methods. This is mainly speaking for kinetic learners as those are the ones that need hands on experiences in order to gain information. This is how online learning would be unable to assist kids with learning.

Although, some may say that children may have one on one learning experiences with their teachers; however, that is not the case most of the time. Sure they might be able to record lectures or email questions, yet teachers would not be able to keep up with emails and such. They'll run out of time in a day to answer the emails or they won't get to the children hours or days later. It'll be pressuring for the teachers too to keep up with so much work. Also conflicting schedules is an issue too. If real time conferencing is done, then many times it will be hard to find times for the people to be online at the same time. There are many issues with online conferencing learning.

All in all, school should not require distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. This is due to the difficulty of teacher's conveying instructions for students, inability for children to access technology, and the level of discomfort for some learners. Students would not see online classes or long distance schooling as a beneficial learning experience as it in a way restricts their education. They won't have the area or people to educationally, mentally, physically, or emotionally grow if they are stuck at home sitting on the computer and learning. It is best for children to take full advantage of the resources and learning material that the school provides them with. 