Multiple advises greater than one

Isn't multiple opinions greater than just one? People may want to only hear one response, but usually it's not the right one, finding different options and opinions from different people will help you make the best choice. Seeking multiple opinions can be much more helpful then one because others might have different perspectives, advice they can give, and you'll have less doubts on making a decision.

Different perspectives from different people can always be better than only hearing one out and it can help you make a decision. Many people need help on figuring out a decision and can't just count on one person for help they need to hear it from another perspective. I always find it best to ask many people for opinions so I can see it through them and what they think. Getting help to make a right choice might just need you to find the right person that truly cares to help you. When I'm looking for someone to help me I always know to find friends and family members I can trust. I think if you can't figure out the problem out on your own then maybe friends can help you in a way to make it better. I sometimes talk to friends and we always help each other out by talking it through putting it in a way so we all can understand each other. There are different ways to find different perspectives that can help a someone see it in a different way to understand.

When people give you advice it can help to fix the situation. Sometimes you can't figure out what to do in a situation but if your asking someone for help they could give you some advice that can help you through it. When I'm at school and need some advice on how to get better in math my teacher or friend can give me options that will help me get better. Also, for people going through a hard time they can get some advice from friends to speak to a counselor or just ask help from their parents. If I every see someone going through a hard time I like to help by giving advice and letting them know that maybe they could talk to a counselor or a trusted adult. Sometimes you may be stuck in a situation where you want to play a sport but are afraid but, finding different people too help you by giving there experience playing a sport can help you not to be afraid. When I played a sport at first I didn't know what it was gonna be like but people that already played the sport soccer gave me advice so it has helped me to now love soccer. Sometimes you don't know ways to fix your situation but finding help from others to give you advice and it will help you a lot.

Seeking multiple opinions can give you less doubts on a decision your making. This is because finding the help of others makes you have less doubt in a situation where you have to make a decision. I have been in a place where I had doubts on if could do well on a hard test but having others give you help believe in yourself makes it way better. When there's someone that gives you the time and helps you find ways to make things better and gives you courage and hope it can also make you have less doubts. Whenever my mom tells me I can do it and when others believe in me I feel so much more confident and doubtless. We might not be able to do something when we are confused but when we have support from others not just one person but more than one that can help you lose all your doubts. I feel that one person may not just be able to help me but asking for others to help me to is so much greater than one. Feeling doubtful can be hard but there will always be many people that can help you through the hard times.

Seeking multiple opinions can make someone make a good choice because of having different perspectives from others, getting advice from others, and having less doubts on making a decision. By having perspectives from other people you can see things in a different way and having advice can help you find ways to fix what's going on and this helps you to have less doubts to make decisions. I believe finding multiple opinions are much better than just one from one person because just hearing one person won't help you as much as asking many people so you have different thoughts and ways to make a good decision.                   