Some schools give students the option of taking classes from home by a way of online or a video conference call. While other students learn better in person, most students can learn easier from being in the comfort of their own home and some students like to take additional classes to gain more knowledge in a subject they struggle in. There are many different ways for students to be able to learn and gain more knowledge other than having to physically come to school.

One benefit students can have from distant learning is that students are able to learn easier and have a better learning environment from the comfort of their own home. When students have to physically go to school, it requires them to sit in a classroom that is filled with distractions and teachers expect them to concentrate and earn high scores on assignments. Instead, if the student takes online classes, it will give them a better working environment which allows the student to think in a quiet work space and allows the student to put more details into the assignment. Therefore, the student can earn a high score on the assignment. For example, a student is taking a test in class but all of his classmates around him are being very distracting and he cannot focus properly. He turned in the test and received a grade of fifty percent. If he had taken an online class and had to take a test, he would be able to earn a better score because he would be in a comfortable location where there is no one to distract him. The student would be able to concentrate and have time to think about his answer choices thoroughly. This is one reason why students should consider to take an online class.

Another benefit students can have from distant learning is gaining more knowledge. After the school year is over, during the summer, a student can take an online course if he feels that he is struggling in a certain subject. Online classes are always good to take during the summer because it is a better way to learn when school is out of session. This helps the student gain more knowledge and have a better understanding of the subject which helps the student be ahead for the following school year. For example, a student wished to take a science online course over the summer because he had a hard time in this subject. The student wanted to understand and expand his knowledge in science so he took the course and in the next school year, he was able to understand everything that his teacher taught in class. His knowledge in science was expanded and earned him a high grade in science. This was another way that students could benefit from taking an online class.

In conclusion, there are many different ways that students could benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Some students should take online courses because it is easier to concentrate on an assignment when the student is in a comfortable and quiet learning environment which could be at home. Students can also take online classes to help them succeed in a subject that they have a hard time in. Overall students can benefit from taking an online course.