Have you ever been pondering over a question? Ever wonder which path you should take to get somewhere? Needed advice from a friend,or family member on an important topic? If so, who have you gone to?

everybody has a different opinion on a subject. Some think that you should write your paper. Others will say you should type, and print it. So, what this is saying is that, people can give different advice. When you dont know what to do, you can usually look for advice on the matter. You first might go to a parent/guardian. They can give you an answer to your'e problem,but you still feel its best to seek other solutions. Next, you could go to a friend. They could possibly give you a different answer to your'e problem. Asking multiply people for advice can be a good thing. Everybody has the privilege to their opinion. In spite of that, people have different beliefs,style,taste in music,etc.

As so,its always important to ask others on what they think of the matter. Sometimes,their opinion can become a conflict. Say if you talk about a religion. It wouldnt be the best idea to ask a catholic question to atheists. They could get offended by it or even take it to court. It is good to ask others,but make sure the question is appropriate. Be careful on who you ask. They might give you horrible advice. If you take that advice it could lead to consequences. You should never get advice from someone with a criminal record. As seen from them already, they made terrible life choices and thats how they ended up in a drastic measure. They gave advice to themselves and thats how they ended up in prison,jail,etc. So please, if you are needed of advice, go to a trusted figure.

Now, think of how badly you need this piece of advice. Is it a result of school,business/job, friendship,or family relationship? If not one of these options then finding a solution should not be a problem. Think of when you ask multiple citizens for advice. Did anyone have the same opinion with the last person you ask. If more,and more people give you the same advice, you should most likely take it to heart. You can tell if the advice was a help, you should go to those people when you are in a dire situation. They are most likely a wise person that has experienced what you are going through now. Whether its a teacher, parent,friend. If they give you the advice you needed all along of what you needed then they are the 'go to' person. Those people you asked advice for can help you make the best choice to your'e leading path.

You can never just rely on one single person. If you only ask a single person. all you get is their opinions. Say if they tell you to do something, but you know its wrong. You would still mostly dedicate the problem into their advice, even if their wrong. Now you are the one that is leading a bad life. It is very important to ask others, but also give an opinion to yourself. Think to yourself, "Im I making a mistake?" You could potentially make the worst decision of your'e life, and will give you deep regrets. You need to rely on yourself sometimes, because someday there wont be anybody to give you advice for your'e problems. You will have to take what you have learned over the years from others, and put that to your'e knowledge.

If you cant sort of an explanation, maybe you should take it to the public. You could post something on the internet and look for the peoples comments. Maybe go to a near by park and set up an 'Advice stand.' Do something to get others attention. With hundreds, and thousands of people near you, you definitely will get the advice you need. Be warned in advance though. People can be very critical so make sure your'e problem is something that wont be taken to the authority.

If that is everything you can follow the steps needed for advice. First, give yourself advice. Next ask a trusted adult or friend. Then find the best solution. Finally put that advice to action. With that you should never have to worry about making the wrong decision ever again.