School is often learned to be a hated word by the youth of modern society. Every morning, students slug out of bed and dread the thought of stepping into the rigid building known as high school. Education is the gateway to a brighter future, but every day, when freedom is restricted, students become less motivated to learn. No music, no talking, no shorts, no colorful pens; everything that once made school an exciting place is sucked out making high school simply black and white. Every dull and depressed face in the hall is from the daily torture of forced and restricted learning. Online education gives students the opportunity to grow as a person and develop skills to carry with them when entering the real world. Unlike physically going to school, online classes provide the option to work freely at each student's own pace, learning in whatever style best suits them, and avoiding social stress associated with school.

Every individual learns at different paces and in different ways. It is nearly impossible for a teacher to match every single student's learning style and speed at the same time. If a teacher moves quickly to help more advanced students to reach their full learning potential, students that process information slower will get left behind. However, if a teacher moves slower, quick processors feel bored and don't gather as much information as they could. Taking an online class gives every student the freedom to move through information as fast or as slow as they feel. Everybody's learning style can be tailored through online learning by providing many options of learning such as at home labs, lecture videos, discussions, and visual presentations. Some students could even have the option to travel while taking classes to learn more from the world around them while still receiving background information.

A huge problem faced today by students is increased social anxieties that are mostly due to the exclusive social circle society moves in. Depression causes some students to feel hopeless in school and the loss of motivation takes a toll on their learning. If students find it easier to connect to a subject without getting social, online classes are the perfect solution. Each student can choose their exposure to social situations by talking virtually or avoiding people all together by using online notes and other provided tools.

The choice of every student to drag themselves to school everyday or wake up ready to learn can depend on the option to take learning into their own hands. Online learning is a choice and should be provided to more students to help each person reach their full potential. The future depends on today's youth, so why not let them learn to their full potential?