Throughout the years, schools have improved their ways of teaching students. Now, many schools have offered distance learning, an online or video conferencing course that is beneficial for students to learn more. With this being an option, students will find this better learning at home online than with a class filled with 20 students. More so, distance learning would help me provide more time available to myself and I could minimize the amount of money that my dad is spending on me to be well educated. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home rather than in person by equally distributing the amount of work with time, gaining access to technology instead of transportation to school, and saving money on school supplies.

Since most schools contain up to eight hours in a day, it can be mentally draining. This takes up a third of the day and not only do students have to attend school, but they have to work, eat, sleep, play sports, practice an instrument, and many more. Due to distance learning, students will now be able to maintain their balance with school and personal activities. Each class takes up ninety minutes and sometimes students use it all up, but other times it can be unnecessary. The online course gets straight to the points, unlike how teachers would give students free time. Distance learning would be for a shorter amount of time because the purpose of the class is to help students understand the subject. While in a classroom, teachers only care if you show up and pass the class. In fact, teachers see their students more than parents see their own kids, and this is a perfect explanation as to why the course would be better. Adults always say that students should get at least eight to ten hours of sleep, but with a busy schedule, it will not always happen. When I get back home from school, which is usually thirty minutes later because of traffic, I never have time to do anything because I am always productive with my schedule. Sometimes, I have to cancel an activity or leave school early for something important because my days are always filled up. Since online classes are only for a short period, students will have the opportunity to spend time on themselves instead of school.

As the decade develops, so does technology and the accessibility to the internet. In order to get to school, students have to find a way to get there by either the walking, driving, or riding the bus. Although the bus may seem like an easy transportation, buses have scheduled times to pick up students because of their route. Trusting the bus driver is important because relying on whether they show up or not is big. However, even though walking may be better since students can achieve both physical activity and assurance on themselves, it can be very dangerous. Moving on to driving, once students are allowed to receive their drivers license, they will have to purchase a vehicle and a parking pass to drive to school. Being a student driver takes a lot of responsibility because they control what goes on with the road. With the ability for students to drive, there are many unsafe and hazardous outcomes that could possibly happen: Getting into a car accident, hitting a pedestrian, passing a stopped bus, waking up late and missing school, or speeding. Even though technology can be very consuming and addictive, it is much better than finding transportation. Nowadays, students are trying to find the latest gadgets and this is very helpful to distance learning. Taking online classes is much better than finding transportation because although it is reachable, this includes no excuses since everything is online.

Furthermore, many students are not as financially stable as others and saving money is a major factor that is depended on. Paper, pencils, sharpies, and notebooks are the kinds of supplies that are required to have in a classroom. These can reach up to one-hundred dollars, but taking an online class can save half that amount. Sure, spending money on technology on the online course can be expensive, but at least everything else is free online. There are so many mandatory supplies that is needed to buy, and at the end of the year, most of the supplies were not even opened from the package. Previous years ago, students then never had technology and they had to find access to books and supplies. Times have changed so much and now technology is provided for students to type notes online and look up information on the internet. By attending school for many years, taking classes online would minimize at least a thousand dollars from all the supplies.

However, even though students would benefit from taking distance learning, there can be negative sides to this point. When students take an online course, it is easy for them to cheat and slack around all day. In a classroom, students are to keep their eyes on their own paper because if they cheat, consequences could occur. A teacher would always be in a classroom at all times with a look out for students who are not doing any of their work, but if this exact situation was online, students would not do anything. No adult can be sure that an online student is not cheating or being lazy because the student makes their own choices. Even though this could happen, distance learning is a more efficient way to provide help for students to understand better. With distance learning helping students receive an equal distribution of school work and time, access to technology, and savings, this creates a beneficial way for students to learn.