Students would enjoy attending classes from home because there will be no distractions, and students will have online 1 on 1 with teachers. Many student like working alone. So why not work online from home. I think this will be a good idea for most students. Students would be working and finishing school work faster than what they do in school.

Some schools offer distance learning for trouble kids. I know a couple of my peers that went to my school that are now taking online classes at home. Distance learning dosenÃ‚Â´t have to be just for trouble kids. Most students just dont like school and probably work better at home. At my school adults would be offering distance learning and you would think of it as a bad thing. Most students like it better than actually waking up, getting dressed, and doing extra things just to go to school.

Most students work better at home then they do at school. When I get home and do my homework I can think properly and do my work with no distractions. This solution is not for every student. Some people are different from others. When your working at home you will focus better than being at school with loud students. Everyone is different in their own way so getting up for school dosenÃ‚Â´t excite most teenagers. So therefore, students that have a hard time focusing in school can do class work at home.

Students can have their 1 on 1 time with the teacher online. They have video conferencing, So if a student is struggling or needs help with something they can talk to the teacher. Everyone has their own opnion when it comes to this topic. Some parents might think its a good idea for their child to be basically home schooled and some may disagree. Having classes online might be good for some students. everyone can not work at home. I think students would complete their work better and quicker if they was at home. Grades most likely would improve because work is getting done. people that like phiscal help better i would not recommend doing distance learning. This should be something that will help students that gets easily distracted in classrooms. Students would get a lot done and accomplished because their are no distractions and 1 on 1 time.

This solution would help a lot of students. This would benefit students in a good way, excpeclly with grades, distractions, getting work done on time and more. Students would improve in most of their school work. This solution would decrees confusion like in classrooms you wouldn be as confused because students would be at home getting 1 on 1 help. Distance learning might be the best thing for students. 