Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. But I don't think that it would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Because, there are many reasons that the students could not able to learn home by yourself in online; which are that some problems, and communicating. Also there are more position to I disagree and agree with this argument.

Firstable, I think the students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing, it would not benefit for the studehts, because of the students could have some question that they don't know. And if someone who dont' teach with them, they cannot learn that more understable. And they migth cannot catch up their late works, because of they don't help anybody. I have an examples of that the girl who has taken an online classes, and she didn't go to the school, because she thought, the online class is better than to learn subjects and it doesn't have to do that everyday and she can study her subject whenever day she could. But she have to her exam in the school, and she didn't study as well as can't catch up her study work. Now she stopped to take an online class in the home and go to school. So, in my opinion, even thought the online class is giving you as more free time but if you can't study by yourself, It couldn't help you that learn.

Also, the students can't communicate with other students. It means that the student can't study with other students that they can't make some friends and could not be an active just like some other students. Also, it will be impact their behaviour that they'll be more lonely. Because the students behaivior is always changing and easy to get used to their environment, especially the high school students. Therefore, i disagree to attend classes from home by way of the online and video conferencing benefit for the students.

On the other hand, the online class is not really useless thing that for the students. Of course, It should be has some advantegious way to attend online and video class, which are it helps that the students could be more mature and more focusing on their work. And they have more free time because the student doesn't have to this everyday as a school, they can do that whatever time to working on it. So, we don't have to hold one point of view, we should try that two other sides. For examples, the every students are different way to study, we don't have to demand to do only one way,

they might be more interest with the online, video class and the other students could be more enjoy to attend this class. Consequently, every students who enjoy that much, they could take that class much easily to study in their home.

In conclusion, I think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, but not all of students, because they all have a different way to study and somehow the student will need some help to support their what they are studying. In that case, students might be trying to give up to study alone. Therefore, the student might think very well to thier option to to attend classes from the home.         