Cars have been the main focus of developement for many years now. Engineers attempt to create sufficient cars every time a new model is planned. Many citizens of the United States are slightly aware of the environmental damage that is caused by the cars, yet still do no think twice when it comes to driving anywhere. Many countries around the world have set fines and laws against using cars and have seemed to produce a positive outcome. These countries offer many different alternatives to using cars, creating a well developed society.

While cars are a huge advantage to modern day society, they take a big toll on our environment. According to Elisabeth Rosenthal, from the

New York Times

Company, cars are the "second largest source of America's emission" proving how much we rely on cars (source 4 paragraph 34).She also writes about numbers terrifying to the future generations. United States is responsible for 50 percent greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes while Europe is only responsible for 12(source 1 paragraph 5). 50 percent is proof that Americans are too reliable on transportation sources like streets, main roads, and highways. Paris was able to clear the air from pollution. According to Robert Duffer from the

Chicago Tribune

,after enforcing a driving ban, the air cleared after an almost record setting pollution fog (source 2 paragraph 10). Places in Asia like Beijing, China are just filled with smog in the air. The citizens walk around with masks because of the heavy pollution. That is physically dangerous for not only the adults, but the children of the communities. There has to be some alternatives to using cars in excess. Almost anything can be an advantage but when it is used too much, it will always be dangerous.

Even though cars are important to commerce within society, many alternatives can be taken to help lower the usage of cars. In places like the capital of Columbia, they have found a way to travel places and limit the car use. Andrew Selsky, from the

Seattle Times

, speaks of this matter. He claims that there has been "construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths" in the city of Bogota (source 3 paragraph 27). Not only does this allow the citizens to be environmentally friendly, but it gives them a chance to exercise, which leads to better health. It is noticable the the healthier people tend to be more lifting than the sluggish, corpulent citizens. In Barcelona, Spain, being a vehicle owner is simple undesired. Other means of transportation like walking or bycycling have been the desired means of getting places. Even Bill Ford, the chairman of Ford Motor Company, admits to the impractical use of cars in excess. There are some many different ways the we can reduce the use of Cars in the American nation.

With the ability of using bikes to arrive at destinations, many places have seen the improvements in reduced traffic jams. What Americans hate the most are traffic jams. Think about those times when 10 minutes have slipped away in the morning and you are running late then there is a traffic jam. Millions in Columbia participated in hiking or biking and it left the street nearly empty (source 3 paragraph 20). The citizens were smart enough to recognize when they need a car. When going to work that is only 5 miles away, they take the extra time to reduce the usage of the streets. France experienced the same result, reducing traffic congestion by 60 percent, and then lowering the smog that had covered them (source 2 paragraph 14). This leaves the street safer for drivers and pedestrians. It also reduces the heavy noise from motored vehicles.

Many nations have improved their societies by reducing the use of cars. In result, the air pollution is reduced, the health benefits improve, and the traffic congestion is heavily reduced. Not only can reducing our relience on cars benefit our genertaion, but it can benefit the generations to come.    