Its good talking to more than one person for advice because by talking. to them they share their opinion of what they think you should do. So by that you get more than one thing to choose from and out of all of them you go to choose the best one and make good choices no bad choices. They can also help you do more stuff so yo wont get into any trouble or make a mistake.

i also find more people when i need their opinion on something,I dont just go and ask one person. I remember i need an advice of what outfit i should wear to the first day of school. So i asked my family and my friends and they helped me pick out the right outfit. Plus you need someone for be there for you at every time, your not just going to do everything on your own your going to need help once i a while and when you do need it theres going to be someone there for you.

Everyone seeks for advice everywhere you can seek advice at the mall ask what shoe looks better and you can also seek advice at school from you friends asking them how can you read better or do math better and even at home..Another reason it is important to seek advice from other people is that you might be going through some problems and you are not sure what to do at that moment. So the other person at that time is going to try so they can help you figure out what to do so nothing will get worse and you wont get into trouble or make a mistake because they got you back.

Looking for multiple opinions can help with what you think or even completely change your opinion. Like when your trying to find the best drink or the best video game you ask people what they prefer or you just look it up online or just go and try it out for yourself. Some people prefer Fortnite over Minecraft or some people prefer Coke over Pepsi. So what I am trying to say is that people prefer other thing but if you ask for their opinions you might just find the right thing for you.

Seeking for other opinion can help you on the daily. They can help you how to get better at football or it can can help you how to cook. By others opinion makes you think more of what to do or what you can do better next time when you get the chance. so it can help you succeed if you choose for other people to help you. It helps you change your mindset and look at things differently.