Phones & Driving

Today, the majority of humans own and operate cell phones on a daily basis. A growing body of research shows that driving while using a cellphone can create dangerous distractions. However, many states do not have bans against the use of phones while none have forbidden the use of hands-free devices. Opponents of the idea claim that cellphone bans are difficult to enforce while others claim that drivers also engage in other distracting activities such as eating, listening to music, and arguing with their children. Nevertheless, a review of the statistics indicates that cell phone use, even hands-free increases the likelihood of fatal incidents which provides justification for the bans.

Hundreds of research studies across the world have highlighted the various risks of cell phone use among drivers. Having conversations on a phone while driving increases the likelihood of fatal incidents by 400% (Walsh et al. 1896). Therefore, cell phone use creates more risk than other distractions such as reading billboards or having conversations with passengers. A study sponsored by the Harvard Center of Risk Analysis concluded that use of phones while driving contributed to 6% of crashes (Delgado et al. 17). Texting and driving also present a significant problem especially among the younger generations. Research shows that drivers using mobile phones decrease their visual scans of the road, have a higher probability of weaving in their lanes on bends, and have slower reactions to hazards due to having one hand off the wheel.

The act of conversation itself also creates a distraction. While focusing on the road requires a certain amount of cognitive processing, the complexity of conversations also engages cognitive resources. MRIs indicate that during driving, people exhibit extensive stimulation in the parietal lobe of the brain mainly associated with spatial processing. However, when performing dual tasks, such as having a conversation, activity in the temporal lobes rises significantly signifying processing of auditory stimuli (Fitch et al. 712). The rise in temporal lobe activity corresponds to a large reduction in parietal-lobe activation which indicates that conversations require more attention which is diverted away from the driving task. If a driver chooses to prioritize a conversation, then it reduces their focus on the road, thereby increasing the likelihood of a crash. While some may argue that the use of hands-free devices reduces the risk of a crash, research provides contradictory results. A study on the cognitive effects of talking on cellphones concluded that while participants often crashed while chatting, drunk drivers had reduced likelihood of a crash (Lipovac et al. 136).

Current legislation on cell phone use while driving is limited as legislators do not acknowledge the risks of both hand-held and hands-free cell phones. Moreover, opponents of the motion claim that such laws are unenforceable due to the resources required to monitor all drivers. However, a review of a person's billing records can determine whether they were using a phone while driving. Moreover, aggressive enforcement may also deter other drivers from risky activities.

Despite the risks associated with cell phone use while driving, most states remain hesitant to implement appropriate bans. Statistics indicate that cell phone use accounts for a significant portion of car crashes due to the limited focus on the road. Bans would work to increase awareness of the dangers in addition to reducing fatal incidences.

Works Cited

Delgado, M. Kit, Kathryn J. Wanner, and Catherine McDonald. "Adolescent cellphone use while driving: An overview of the literature and promising future directions for prevention." Media and communication 4.3 (2016): 79.

Fitch, Gregory M., et al. The impact of hand-held and hands-free cell phone use on driving performance and safety-critical event risk. No. DOT HS 811 757. 2013.

Lipovac, Krsto, et al. "Mobile phone use while driving-literary review." Transportation research part F: traffic psychology and behavior 47 (2017): 132-142.

Walsh, Shari P., et al. "Dialing and driving: Factors influencing intentions to use a mobile phone while driving." Accident Analysis & Prevention 40.6 (2008): 1893-1900.                               