I believe we the people should be able to vote for who we want for president.  We have always been told we have a freesdom of speech, yet we cannot truely vote for who we want for president.  The votes are alol taken and used to see who is more popular with the people.  But who decided who gets tp be presdident is not us.  It is the Electoral College.  The Electoral College is a group of people in each state who decide the president for us.  I think everyone should get to vote on who they want as president, and i think it should actually count.  The Electoral College is unfair and I believe popular vote should decide who we get as the president of the nation that we have or rights to vote in.

In the words of Bob Dole "Abolish the Electoal college."  It is unfair, outdated, and irrational.  It is unfair because pf the winner-takes-all system there is in each state.  With this in place the canidates take no time in the states they know they have not of chance of winning in.  Instead they spend all of their time in states they may have a tight race in.  for example, during the 2000 campaign, seventeen states did not see the canidates at all. Twenty-five of the largest media markets did not even get to see a single campaign ad.  Under the Electoral College system they do not vote for the president, they vote for a slate of electors who then turn around and vote for the president they want.  Is that really fair.  That we are putting our nations future in the hands of only 538 people.

Popular votes should be what decides our president.  Therefore we actually have a say in who we want to be president.  For example, in the 2000 U.S. presidental race, Al Gore recieved more individual votes then George W. Bush nationwide,  but because of the Electoral College Bush won because he had 271 electoral votes while Gore had 266.  Also in the election in2012 Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral votes comparing to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes.  Sure he still would have won but at least individual people actually had a say in who they got as their president.  Also in 2012, the popular vote was very close in Florida, but Obama won the electoral vote with 29 .  But in Wyoming the same thing happened and he only got three electoral votes.  This shows a large state gets more attention in presidential canidates than a small state does.  If presidency was decided by the individual votes then it wouold be more fair and more poeple would have a say in it.

If this country really gave us the right to vote then we would really have a say in who we want as our president.  But the Electoral College is not letting us do that.  Only two states do something a little differently, but it still does not make that much of a difference.  If we had more of a say in our presidency i believe we would be a better nation more people would actually vote cause there would be a better chance of them actually having a say in what they want for this nation.     