Seeking advice from multiple people can help someone take an important decision and make the right choice. Asking other people for advice about a decision they make is very helpful. My sister got multiple opinions for whether she should get a tattoo or not. I am very happy that I got more than one person's opinions to pick my dress.

When I need other people's input about a problem or when I need advice, I ask my older sister, my mom and my dad. The reason I ask my sister first is because we are just a few years apart and she knows way more about fashion or trends than I do.

She also has more experience being a teenager in America than my parents. The next person I go to is my mom. Since she is older than me and my sister, she can give examples of when something like the conflict I have happened in her life and she can help me solve my problem. The next person I go to is my dad. I go to my dad last because I can tell him what my sister and mom said and he will tell me his point. Then he sits down with me and helps me understand the conflict and tells me what my options are.

When my sister turned eighteen years old, she really wanted to get a tattoo. She really wanted this tattoo because she felt like the word "Parivaar" meaning family in Hindi, was very important to her. My sister did not know if it was the right choice to get a tattoo on her wrist so she asked me. At first, I said it would be very cool and I was excited for her. After thinking about it for a few days, I went back on my decision and told her that it probably was not a good idea. Then she asked my mom and she told my sister the same thing I did. Then she went and asked both my parents to sit in the living room because she wanted to discuss how important it was to her. My mom and dad finally agreed and she persuaded me until I said it was fine. Right before my sister was going to get the tattoo, she asked some of her friends. Without hesitating, all of her friends said that it was a good idea and they all encouraged her. Finally she got the tattoo on her wrist. This story shows that getting different opinions helped my sister make a very important decision. Now she feels like she made the right choice by asking multiple people and really thinking about it.

One day, my mom and I went shopping to get me a dress for an event I needed to go to. I searched and searched until I found a dress that was bright blue. I tried it on and the lady who works at the shop said, " Oh my goodness! You look so pretty! Let me go and find you more dresses!".

After she left the dressing room, my mom and I turned to each other and we both said that we did not like this dress at all. So, I took it off and I tried another purple dress, which looked decently good. After I tried another ten dresses, I took a picture of the bright blue dress and the purple dress and sent them to my sister and one of my closest friend telling them that these were the only dresses that fit me. About twenty minutes later, I got a text both from my sister and my friend saying that the purple dress looked better than the blue dress. I am very happy that I took the advice of my mom, sister and friend,

instead of only the employee because I bought the dress that looked good on me instead of one person lying to me and telling me I looked pretty in a dress that I really did not look good in.

Getting advice from others' for making decisions is very helpful. Asking people that you trust to help make a decision for something important will make it easier to decide. My sister took time to really think about her chioce and ask people that she trusts to help her decide on what she wanted to do. Going shopping with my mom and asking other people of what they think of the dress was very helpful and they guided me to make the right choice. Seeking multiple opinions while getting advice is useful and it will help everyone make a correct decision.         