Auto mobiles have become a major aspect of the everyday life of citezens all around the world. because of this growing use there are many disadvantages that come along with this over use. Many have come to the conclusion to limit automotive uses. Limiting car use has many advantages, it lowers air pollution,takes away stress and saves money.

Many places all over the world have begun this change. Places such as Vauban, Germany have given up the use of cars. Seventy percent of residents do not own a car, and fifty seven percent sold their car to move in to this community. They use a system call "smart planning" which seperates suburban life from automotive. Now instead of cars they walk, and bike to get to their destination. Here they made homes and the city as a whole, much closer together.  Vauban residents the whole 5,500 of them are all in a rectangular square mile, making it easier to get from place to place with out a car. Also Paris has limited car ussage. after days of near-record pollution Paris decided to enforce A ban on driving. One day all even numbered lincense plates were told to leave cars at home to lower car pollution, if not they were to pay a fine. It was said in a five day period that traffic was down sixty percent. In Bogota, Colombia they have a day in the year that is car-free, millions are included in this day. This has gone oon for three years and is growing in size, many other cities have joined in on this car-free day. In the United States the president has tried to curb the greenhouse gas emission. Many citizens in the U.S. have grown with cars and have a growing admiaration for motive vehicles.

Giving up cars or lowering car ussage helps decrease our recent rise in air pollution since the out break in the early twentith century. In France there was a sixty percent drop of congestion in just a span of five car limiting days. Also it is a stress reliver! many say that when you give up a car you are less stressed about the traffic and it is nice to just walk to your destination.

Giving up are cars is a money saver! cars are a black hole that you just feed money into. we have to pay for gasoline every week or so and then we have fines and tickets. In Vauban, Germany residents have to pay for a parking spot to leave their car at and that parking spot does not come cheap. One parking spot costs 40,000 dollars on top of a payment for a house and other nessesities.

Although a car may get to from place to place very quickly, it is very harmful to the enviornment. With cars you bring stress, air pollution and debt. but all of that could go away if you follow those who are taking a step to reduce car use or even cut use of it completly.          