Dear State Senator,

What do you think of the Electoral College and how it plays a unfair role into elections? Shouldn't the man or woman with the most popular vote be the president? It isn't fair for the people because if more people want that particular person elected then why shouldn't he be elected? He has more people on his side after all doesn't he? These are all questions you should be asking yourself because you as State Senator have the power to abolish our states Electoral College system. There is in fact several great facts about why we should do away with the Electoral College system. Three of them might be that the Electorcal College system isn't fair between all 50 states, the winner-take-all system isn't fair towards voters, and also the "disaster factor" is completely wrong. The Electoral College system is a despised part of our should be fair elections.

Our senator have you seen how the electoral vote works? According to the third paragraph in Branford Plumers writings called "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" it clearly states as a very vaild point that the Electoral College voting system isn't doing it's job. To be precise the voting isn't up to the people at all. What happens is that we the people all go and vote for a president and one obviously has the popular vote. What happens is that the electors put our votes in and say we have mabye three hundred thousand people voting from our state and well you see we don't get that many Electoral College votes towards the president we want. Then say another state gets mabye two hundred thousand and that side has the more people in it's state then us and then they get more electorcal college votes then us but we had the mroe people. Does that seem very fair to you?  To continue from there we have the Winner-Take-All system which basically does what the name applies which is that if say one side gets mabye ten more votes towards one canidate then that side gets all the Electoral votes towards that canidate and does that seem right to all the other people just because they got 10 more votes? No it doesn't and its a crime towards all the other people who voted for the other side. Next theres something called the "Distaster Effect". The "Disaster Effect" is basically that the electors don't have to put in the popular vote. The electors who are chosen by the state legislature actually look at all the votes and vote for a canidate. The more electors that put in a particular vote win and they take all the electoral votes dude to the Winner-Take-All system. The catch to that is the elecotors actually don't have to use the pouplar vote and they can vote for whomever they want to be elected. This is not for the people at all and not even close to it.

Now that I have given completely valid reasons can't you see that the Electoral College voting system is biased to serve only the goverment and a few select people. If you used the popular vote system everyone could vote for whom they choose and then we would have fair elections so the true canditate of the people is chosen.

Sincerely,

A Concerned Citizen            