Dear Senator,

The Presidential election is one of America's proudest accomplishments. It sets the United States apart from other countries and brings great pride to the people. As the United States grows older and wiser, it learns more than what the original Founding Fathers knew. One of their (the Founding Fathers) great contributions to this country is the Electorial Congress. This process is still being used today. Based on the positive and negative aspectsof this system, the Electorial Congress should remain the way Americans elect government leaders.

The major goal of elections is to choose a leader in a mythotical and smooth way. The Electorial Congress brings a "landslide electorial-vote victory in that state." (source 3, paragraph 18) This gives the public a reasurrence that their state was strong and sure about the decission. This comfort might not come if the elections were popular-vote based only. Also, "the Electorial College requires a presidential to have trans-regional appeal. No region has enough electorial votes to elect a president" (source 3, paragraph 19) It's important to have a system that doesn't allow one region to dominate over the others. Had this been the case, the balance among the people would be completely thrown off.

Of course, there are drawbacks to this system. There are a good number of people who believe this is not a democratical way of having their voices be heard. (source 3, paragrph 15) Along with that, close calls such as ties have shown to strain the current voting system. (source 2, paragraph 11) However, these are rare cases and when they presented themselves, the leadeers of the country were able to fix the issue in a way that appeased most. This current process does give some states power to tip the scales while others are locked in on their canadates before the voting begins. (source 2 paragrph 13) But the results over the past years have shown no party has an unfair advantage over the others. America has had both many democrats and republicans in office.

Based off of the current solutions to the Electorial Congress, for the time-being, remaining the same would be in the best interest of the nation. It is acknowleged that the people are voting for a slate of electors and not the actual canadate. But the voters who know United States elections are about "expressing their political prefernces" (source 3, paragraph 23) are accomidated nicely and reassured of the current process. The peoples' opinions are well represented in the use of this system and until it poses an unsolvable, catastriphical problem, there is no need to abolish it.    