Does technology make you useful? reguardless of that question you have gone to school and you might haved had some problems and had to talk to an adult at school or a guidance counselor. What if the question was given to a teacher of the future, lets say around 20 years from now that this FACS technology might be qite advanced then. How useful with teachers and therapist be in school if they want to help out kids in school and not have a robot do a humans job.

Using the technology to read students emotional expression in classrooms is just not important becuase there is already an adult that the student can talk to about their issues when it is neede emotionaly. There can many things that go wrong with the computers and maybe misunderstand a student that is unique or a student that was born with a mis-shaped face. what would the cost of this software and could it really be avalable and valuable to our education?

I know that it may be fasinating to be able to tell anyones emotion by just using technology; t is it personal information if someone is trying to conseal being worried or mad and not have a computer tell them their emotion. "in fact, we humans perform this same impressive "calculation" every day.", i used this quote from the text to show you that yes we are capable of telling emotions as well. This technology in my opinion is not useful whatsoever because it does not show any real-world values.

There may be some science in this FACS (Facial Action Coding System) but this tech can be used somewhere else that someone may find it useful like if someone want to know if the president is making a fake emotion pretending that he is happy.

This may be one of those trends that has just recently come up because the year is 2018 right now and litteraly tons upon tons of new things are coming up. It is not like nothing new has come up there has always been fasinating things that have come up in the past. I have not ever even heard of the Facial Action Coding System untill i had just now read about it in this article so you know that it is not even close to becoming an essential in classrooms.

Could this technology be more than just decoding the facial expressions of humans or could this technology be used in Artificial Intelegence? This can be a step closer to the future but people like myself think that this is useless. Some students can have a bad day and the computer may be able to pick up on the student's emotion, i feel like the computer does not have the ability to comfort the student. I can probably tell that some students may be ofended when a computer just " Dumbs things down" students may feel bad about themselves and the lesson that the computer modifies can make the student feel diferent in school especially in highschool because everything can be told apart on the social scale in the hallways to the lunch room.

No, there is some value to this technology but not enough to be used in schools and help students learn better that traditional public schools. This technology is not essential for the education of students i feel that teachers should be paid just as much as doctors and psycologist because they are a part of bringings ones future brighter either physicaly or emotionaly.               