For many years people have been debating whether or not to keep the Electoral College or change to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. According to source 1, the electoral college was established as "a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." There are few positive effects of the Electoral College, however, there are many negative effects. I am in favor of changing the United States' election process to election by popular vote because there are many risks with the Electoral College, the Electoral College is outdated, and lastly, the Electoral College is unfair to voters in many states.

Currently, while using the Electoral College, the United States takes multiple risks. Some of the major risks were stated in source two. One of the major risks included, what of the elector put the vote in for the candidate he wished? Of course no matter what the situation, there will be risks to take. However, when those risks become actions, and happen more than once, people put up a guard and start to question whether or not the process is trustworthy. A sentence in source three declared, "each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed). Americans are expected to trust a slate of electors whom we know little about personally, and trust is a personal thing. Trust is something that has to be earned. Therefore, when our trust is betrayed more than once because of the process the Electoral College, there is no way to earn that trust back once again. Without the Electoral College, this would not be an issue.

Not only is the Electoral College risky, but it is also outdated. The Electoral College was created by the founding fathers, over a century ago. With new technology, and new systems forming, the election process should be more modern. Also, when it was decided to use the Electoral College, there were fewer people in the United States. Currently, in modern day, the population is much greater. A country with a greater population needs a modern election selection.

The Electoral College is very unfair to states that do not have the ability to make an impact in the election. If the election process were changed to elected by popular vote, smaller states would have the ability to make their vote matter.

The Electoral College needs to be changed immediately in able for citizens to stop worrying about taking major risks, so our country as more of a modern election process, and so every vote counts. Changing to election by popualr vote could make the United States a better country.                         