Everyone has those people whose opinions they value the most. Your parents, siblings, friends, teachers, maybe even your favorite celebrity. They are your influences: the people you want to be like. You see their simple decisions and life decisions and want to be making the same ones at some point. You want their habits and lifestyle. However, you probably don't look up to just one person. you probably have multiple people in your life who influence you. So, when it comes to the advice that you need for yourself, you're going to want to hear from a couple different people. Everyone has different experiences with almost everything in life and the more you hear, the more and better perspectives you get because you will hear something a little different from everyone.

let's start with something simple, such as a math problem. You've learned a new concept in algebra today and it didn't really make sense to you. You're confused with your homework and you are sitting at the kitchen table with your dad.(surely you've had this experience before). He starts introducing the subject to you with a completely different outlook than you remember in class. This brings you a little farther, but not far enough, so you turn to an older sibling or your mom, and they might explain it a little better. After that, you watch a video on Kahn Academy and that ties it all together. Suddenly, it all makes sense to you, and because you also had help from all sorts of other people, you get this full understanding because you know several different ways to solve and you know how they all work in the problem.

Maybe you're seeking advice in style. Let's say you want to design your own home. The first people that you would go to would be people with the experience of remodeling or rebuilding their house. These people will lead you to their favorite architect and show you the wood flooring and counter top material they used. They'll know what to do and what not to based on their experience. After that, you tell your other friends about it and one of them gives you the idea to build a passive house! you put research into it and you fall in love with the idea of having one. All of these ideas help you make ultimate decisions and design your dream home.

It's always best to hear from multiple people. All their opinions and similar experiences will add up to your best choice. Later, your ultimate choice might help someone else. It's all a cycle. The more input, the better!