People are finally opening their eyes to the world around them, and realizing the way things are, could be changed. The automotive world is steadily declining, in an attempt to help our world, and it's not all that bad. Less cars are being bought, less emissions are being released into the atmosphere, and people are seeing the advantages of limited car usage.

"Street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district on the outskirts of Freiburg, near the French and Swiss borders." (Derived from the source, "

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

")This place is called Vauban, it's a suburb in which 70% of families don't own cars, and 57% actually sold their car to move here. Car ownership is allowed here, there are only two places to park however, and both are very expensive. People in this city alone have not only reduced greenhouse gas emissions, they've helped the world by giving a new perspective on living, and they've even made themselves feel better in the process. Heidrun Walter said, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Advantages of a car reduced community didn't just stop here, other places around the world are seeking out the benefits of limiting car use, and adopting some of the same aspects of this experiment.

"After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." The smog was horrible, people were even comparing it to Bejing. The city of Paris was engulfed in the choking air caused by the cars that conjested the streets. "[Last] week Paris had 147 micrograms or particulate matter per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London..." Paris generally had more smog than a number of European capitals. However, the ban worked exceptionally well. The smog had cleared enough in one weekend for the ban to be lifted the following Tuesday. Imagine if every community were to try something like this, just imagine how clean the air would be. Not only would the world be healthier, we'd be healthier ourselves if we just limited car usage even a miniscule amount.

Not only is the world becoming healthier as a whole an advantage to lower car use, all the way down to our communities would become better also. "The day without cars is an improvement campaign that began in Bogota in the mid-1990s." People go a whole day without using cars, with the exception of buses or taxis, and those that do use cars get fined. The citizens bike and hike and enjoy life without breathing in the smog that usually plagues the air. This event has caused some major improvements to the city. "It has seen the construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths, the most of any Latin American city, according to Mockus, the city's mayor." Also, "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." This entire city has reaped the benefits of just one day without cars. Citizens here have not only began to improve themselves, but have also improved the world around them.

In conclusion, the advantages of limited car usage are finally being noticed throughout the world. Cities are experimenting and gathering results of not only better health in people in these communities, but even better living in the long run. Cities are becoming denser to make walking easier, sports centers and better sidewalks are blooming into city living, and people are even feeling better themselves from these experiments. Throughout the world limting the use of cars is spreading, and every where it goes people are seeing an upside. The more people that try to limit car usage, the better it will be, for the world, and for us as people.    