Are seeking multiple opinions to help someone make a better decision helpful? Do they really restrain someone from making a terrible decision that cost them everything? Well, I know if I was stuck on making a really tough decision, I would turn to people I trust. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better decision because other people may be wiser, they may have been in the same situation, and they may have a different point of view on things. Sometimes, looking for other opinions can help somebody stay out of a detention center or jail. If most were stuck in a situation like that, they would turn to multiple opinions. Who would not?

My first reason for why I think that other opinions can help someone make a better decision is because the other people may be wiser. If a person has more knowledge, they can help make a better decision with a better outcome. that is like an Eagle teaching its babies how to hunt and track down food without dying. Other people also may make better choices, which then lead them to being successful and not get in trouble. This is my first reason for why I think that multiple opinions can help somebody.

My second reason for why I think seeking multiple opinions can help somebody is because they may have been in the same situation before. An example of this is widely used in schools across America and especially at my school. Students ask other students and friends questions different assignments. This can be good because if someone has already been through something, they are more capable of passing good information on to somebody else. And students are not the only group of people who use methods like these, it happens in everyday life. Online reviews of restaurants and stores is also a good example of how other opinions can help someone make a better decision. If a family was looking for a good place to eat because they were really hungry, they could look at the reviews and other people's opinions to help them make a better decision on where to spend their hard earned money. This is my second reason for why I think that finding multiple opinions help others make better decisions.

My third and final reason for why I think that seeking multiple opinions is helpful to somebody is because others may have a different point of view on things. It is always helpful to get an opinion through someone else's eyes. Some people's brains do not function the same and others may think differently than some. But what may seem stupid and wrong to some may sound fantastic and right to others. This is my final reason for why I think that seeking multiple opinions is helpful for making a better decision.

In conclusion, I feel like seeking multiple opinions from others is the best way to make a better decision. It is not mandatory that people ask for other's opinions to help make a better decision but it is very helpful and may have a better outcome. I think that every person should seek another's opinion, but they do not have to if they do not want to. Finding other's opinions can also help a lot of trouble makers in school, teens disobeying their parents, and adults making bad decisions that send them to jail. All in all, I believe that seeking multiple opinions can help somebody make a better decision