Imagine a life without cars. All those paved roads completely empty with no traffic and no honking horns. Sounds like a peaceful community to me. Limiting cars could be a huge advantage to our world. Reducing these big pieces of metal flying all over our roads could help our enviornment, save tons of money, and improve our saftey.

Recently, I've heard about all the well known car dealers pushing hybrid cars and trying to design a enviornment friendly vehicle. But in reality, the only big step to helping our planet is to reduce cars overall. Studies shown that green house gases are "... up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States". Not only is the green house gas rate going up, but pollution, carbon emissons, and smog are as well. In Paris, France they had to ban driving for a couple of days as the pollution produced smog. "[Last] week Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter (PM) per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London...". The numbers keep rising in Europe and the USA. Picture what our enviorment is going to be like in 20 years if we keep this pace up. Without these machienes we could reduce the number of micrograms, produce the harmful gases from affecting the enviroment, and stop polluting the air we breathe.

Everyone likes to save money, whether it's with coupons or getting the best prices possible. So how would you feel if you had the abilty to save thousands of dollars a year? With reducing cars, you can save your money by public transportation, not paying for a car insurance, and not paying for a car in general. Not getting a car may seem strange as you need to get to location A and B. But in Vauban, Germany cars are not allowed and they seem to be doing just fine. Reports say "Vauban, home to 5,500 residents [within a rectangular square mile] may be the most advanced experiment in low-car suburban life". Even though they aren't aloud personal cars, they can walk, bike, or take a tram anywhere they need to go! Also in most parts of America they now have car-pooling apps, public transportation, and shared vans! So instead of paying huge amounts of money for gas, a car, and car insurance, why not just tag along for a ride or get some excersize!

As you watch somebody drive off, dont you worry about their saftey? Every year there are more percentages of deaths and injuries in cars then there is in any other motor accident. We can prevent drunk driving, car crashes, and the amount of injures and deaths by reducing cars. I hate hearing those unbearable stories about teenagers getting behind the wheel under the influence causing crazy car wrecks. To avoid that we can allow public transportation, removing any crashes and improving the saftey of our generation. Also, the traffic jams that make people stressful and angry increase the crash rates as aggresive driving is very dangerous. To prevent that we can just walk, allowing us to enjoy our clean air and get excersize.

In conclusion, cars have changed our way of life for the good and the bad. Even though they help us get to our destination, they affect our enviornment, our money, and our saftey. If we reduce the amount of cars driven we can help our enviornment by lowering the rate of greenhouse gases, pollution, and carbon emissions. Also we save tons of money as we dont spend thousands of dollars on cars, and their needs. And finally, reducing cars saves tons of lifes as drunk driving and car crashes are avoided allowing the death and injury rates to decrease. So next time you're walking down the street, think about how your community would be without these machienes.    