Could you imagine a life without a car? Well it seems that many people can. In many cities driving is being ban and officials are putting in place car-free days in order to reduce air pollution emmitted by cars. Communtities are even being built that do not allow cars.

A community in Germany is has been built were it is car-free. Ther is no street parking, driveway, home garages. in this new experinental community car ownership is allowed butyou must park in a large garage at the edge of tcomunity and the car owner must buy a space for $40,000, along with a home. This has now become a growing trend to not uscar and rely on other forms of transportation. Many people feel that this has taken  a weight off their shoulders. othr places are adopting the idea of living car free. If this continues it could drastically lower the amount of air polution.

Gremany is not the only place making efforts to reduce pollution and cut back on auto-useage. In Paris after near record pollution a partial driving ban was inforce to help clear the air pollution. For a day all the drivers with even numbered license plates were ordered not to drive their cars or be charged with a $31 dollar fine and the next day drivers with odd numbered drivers license were ordered to do the same. After five long dats of smog congestion went down sixty percent. Although delivery companies lost revenue, the temparary ban lowered pollution in paris.

In Bogota, Colombia car-free day is a huge hit. this would make it the tird year in a row that cars were banned with only busses and taxis permitted to roam the streets. thye goal of this day s to reduce pollution and premote alternative forms of taransportation. The gloomy weather of the day with gray clouds and the occasional poring down of rain didnt stop the citizens of Bogota from hiking, biking, or skating there way from point A to point B. The turnut was huge and created an enthusiastic enviornment for all who joined in.

In conclusion, the occasional banning of cars, and comunities built were seeing a car would be strnge is an excelant way to reduce pollutin. The air we breath is what keeps us going so we must take drastic measures to ensure our health and keep our air clean.    