Phones and Driving.

Today, many adults or teenage drivers are hooked onto their phones. While driving, they can be prompted to use their phones for text messaging. It may cause many accidents, death, serious injuries and more. I honestly think that drivers should use phones while driving because they are taking risks that could kill or injure others and also yourself. There are also laws against using a phone while operating a moving vehicle but people still disobey them. I think that there should be more consequences when it comes down to texting and driving.

Using your cell phones causes many distractions. It only takes a blink of an eye to cause an accident. Yeah, resisting the urge to text while driving may be hard but it can and will save lives including yours. When driving, your eyes and mind are programmed to be focused on the road at all times. Having a cellphone on your person is a hazard in my opinion. Just think about it, anyone could be crossing a busy street. The person walking is probably expecting you to slow down and obey the street laws. Meanwhile, you're responding to a text that could have waited, now you hit that person and he lost his life. All because of your cell phone.

Texting and driving needs to be taken more seriously now. It is so easy for someone to lose their life over a message. If there is a law for it then you follow that law because there is a reason for it being in full effect. Just imagine you lost a close friend or family member due to breaking the same law you once broke. The death toll in Georgia of people losing their lives to texting and driving drivers is 3,166. That number has increased dramatically ever since 2017. We could do so much better and help decrease that number to at least zero to little deaths. That is unacceptable, literally no one wants to have news broken down to them on how their mom, sister, brother, etc has died in a texting and driving incident.

People have their phones on every day. They act as if they cannot live without their cell phone. I get you need your phone for business, social media, long distance calling or texting but that can wait. People should take in consideration of others and just make the roads safer than what they should be. No one is so busy that they need to hurry and send a last minute text or answer a last minute phone call. I believe that everyone has patience and that they should use it.

We have come to a society where phones are more important than our lives itself. That should never be the case, if anything I personally think cellphones should be banned while in a motorized vehicle. Choosing to value a text message over your own life is showing us you have no respect for yourself or for others. They should be more considerate and put phones down and make sure they are paying more attention to the road.         