Exploring Venus may be dangerous but very interesting. It is dangerous because Venus is the second planet closest to the sun. So it is really hot in Venus. Venus is sometimes called, "The Evening Star." While Venus is very simple to see from a good distant but a safe point of Earth, it is proved that is very challenging to study more closely. I think studying Venus is a worthy pursuit because we should travel and study more planets to see what else lives beyond us, dangers shouldn't hold us back from meeting the very edges of imagination and innovation, and Venus has value and us humans are curious.

The first reason why we should study Venus is because we should travel and study more planets to see what else lives beyond us. Venus is often referred to as "Earth's twin," because of the size and density. Earth, Venus, and Mars our other plantary neighbors. Venus may be scary to travel too. But people should study Venus first and if they would want to risk their lives to see what is up there and how Venus is, then they could. They could also try making special suits so that you could survive if you go to Venus. In the text it says,"Each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours." Well if that is a issue then they need to study Venus more and then make suits that can prevent the heat from coming towards them so they could survive the travel and come back with pictures, information. etc. This is one reason why we should study Venus because it is a worthy pursuit.

The second reason why we should study Venus is because dangers shouldn't hold us back from meeting the very edges of imagination and innovation. They say in the text, "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." Once people hear this type of information, they get scared because they don't want to die from heat. But you got to realize how Venus may look or how interesting it might be. Venus once was a Earth-like planet in our solar system. Long ago, Venus was covered largely with oceans and supported various forms of life, just like Earth. Maybe if we study Venus you could find fossils or things that were left there. It use to be beautiful but you never know what was left. In my opinion, astronomers should start investigating and try making suits that prevent heat and things like that so people could travel to Venus and see how it actually looks now and see if they find anything. That is my second reaoson why we should study Venus because it is a worthy pursuit.

The third reason why we should study Venus is because Venus has value and us humans are curious. In the text it states, "Striving t meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally initimidating endeavors." Really, it means most people are scared to travel to Venus because of the heat issues. But really, people are wondering how Venus actually looks. People are going to start making things up about how Venus looks or false information because going to Venus is like a death sentence. That is why astronomers should make heat prevetion and life protection suits so people could travel to Venus and see the values and views and beauty. The travels on Earth shouldn't be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet our thoughts and ideas. This is the third reason why we should study Venus because of the worthy pursuit.

I think studying Venus is a worthy pursuit because we should travel and study more planets to see what else lives beyond us, dangers shouldn't hold us back from meeting the very edges of imagination and innovation, and Venus has value and us humans are curious. Venus seems like a very interesting planet to visit and i would love to see how it actually looks. I hope one days astronomers makes those suits. People would love to see how Venus looks. Even if it is very risky, let's take the risk and try. These are my reasons why we should study Venus because it is a worthy pursuit, even if it is dangerous.                     