Would you rather go home and rest after a long day at school, or have to stay at school for a couple more crucial hours? School is already very tiring and having to do an extra activity would not be very fun. Students should not be forced to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it limits outside school activities, it is mentally and physically draining for both students and teachers, and it causes extra funding.

One reason why participating in extra activities is pointless is because it limits outside school activity. Many people, including me, take foreign language classes after school. So, having to stay for yearbook, student council, or anything extra, would interfere with these classes. The majority of students volunteer or do charity work after school, and or on the weekends. I volunteer as a tutor every other day, but if I had to participate in extra activities, it would clash with my tutoring schedule. Participating in extracurricular activities is unnecessary because it shortens the things you can do outside of school.

Being included in extracurricular activities is mentally and physically draining for both students and teachers. All students wake up at six or earlier in the morning to go to school. Teenagers my age and older need sleep because we are in the growing process, so having to do something extra is not practical. Teachers already teach multiple classes throughout the day. Having another class to look after is not very beneficial. Students already come home from a long day at school and have to do more studying and homework. I usually dont sleep a lot, but yesterday when I came back from school I fell asleep at six in the evening! Participating in extracurricular activities has many negative effects, and one is that it causes students to be very tired.

Even though participating in extra activities gives you a better chance at getting into colleges, it causes extra funding. Schools are already responsible for paying for everything a school needs,such as lunches,vending machines, teachers paychecks, and much more. In reality, schools are not very rich, so it would be an unreasonable choice to have extracurricular activities. Schools would have to pay for after school snacks, overtime pay checks for teachers, and more. Its not a very strategic move when your not financially stable. Participating in extracurricular activities is unpractical because it causes extra funding.

Students should not be forced against their will to take part in extracurricular activities. Everything you can do from participating in sports to serving on student council are tiring and should be done by choice, not by demand. There are much more negative effects than positive effects to it.        