In this generation we live in, millions of people who own a cell phone use it on a daily basis. What would happen if you were to use it while you're driving a vehicle? Can't even imagine the damage that can happen to the cars and yourself. There's a lot of consequences that can all lead back to you that we the community don't want you guys going through it. Here are some of them you can read so you won't regret it later in the future.

Let's say you get a text from someone and you reach for your phone to read the text message and you text them right back. With those few seconds you use to take your eyes off the road to text, you can end up in a car crash. If you are a driver that either has a permit license or a driver's license know that texting while driving is not permitted on the road and can lead you to a big charge from the police. A charge like that can prevent getting your license suspended and add lots of points into your driving record. That's why in different types of states in the United States, they have passed the law of no using your mobile phone while driving.

Alright, everyone should know this consequence or what would be the outcast of it. The injuries that you would have over that car crash. Damn, if it were me in a car crash I would be scared out of my life and praying to god I'm still alive. There's a lot of people who don't even cause the crash and end up getting really bad injuries just because of that one person who decided to choose a poor choice. Also, there's one more thing really traffic that can happen, and

Ramirez 2

that is death. The victim or yourself can end up dead in the car crash and that's something we don't happening.

Last one, it's more important to me in my opinion and is similar to the last one but with one more thing added to it. If you do get in that car crash for being on your phone and you have someone else in the car with you like a friend. You are going to have full responsibilities not only for yourself, but for your friend as well. Your friend's parents are going to have a lot to say not only to you but to your parents too. From there, you are going to cover the medical bills for yourself and for your friend too. Imagine all that money over a poor decision you made by texting someone back. That money could have been used for something good like for college, a new car, or new house.

In conclusion, please don't make the same mistakes people failed to do. Be smart about your decisions while being on the road. Never use your phone on the road or it could lead to bad things or even worse.      