Dear Mr.Senetor,

My name is PROPER_NAME. The Electoral College is a great way to choose the President, but at the same time it isn't because it's not fair for everyone. That is why i believe the Electoral Collge system should be no more.

"At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states." It's not only not fair to the voters, but it also isn't fair to the people trying to campaign to be President. Everyone should have the opporitunity to run for President. They may have something meaningful to say and you never know if they actually have the potential to be the President or not if you don't give them a chance.

"The winner-take-all method of awarding electoral votes includes the candidates-as we saw in [2012] election- to focus their campaign efforts on the toss-up states...Voters in the toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign-to really listen to the competing candidates-knowing they are going to decide the election." Yes, the toss-up states like Florida or California are most likely to be more recognized and listened to, but it is not fair to the "swing" states. They are just as good as the people who want to be President in the other states, too. Do you think it is fair that a man in Oklahoma is running for President, but no one is paying attention to him because he lives in a state that is rarely mentioned? No! He deserves a chance too!

So in conclusion the Electoral system may be great but, your vote should be counted also. It shouldn't only get to be the electors decision on who gets to be President, but it also shouldn't be based off the more known states. Give other states, "swing" states, a chance too. That is why i say the electoral system should be no more.

Thank you for your time.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME                                                                                           