Hearing multiple points of view is best when asking for advice. Listening to multiple points of view can teach you right from wrong, give you many ideas, and give you an opportunity to learn things you did not already know.

Learning multiple points of view can teach you right and wrong. We live in a world full of many different cultures, religions, and people. We can hear many stories from them that can help us make the right decision at the time, and in the future. An example of this is, when I moved to Virginia I was only ten years old. Before that I had only lived in suburban Ohio. Virginia was much more diverse and rich in culture so I had opportunities to expose myself to new people everyday. I was lucky enough to meet a nice woman, around the age of eighty, who happened to be from Chinese decent. She told me a story from her culture about lying. The story went on and on but in the end I learned that lying is a horrible thing to do to someone. Asking other people for advice can also give you many ideas.

There is a phrase, "You learn something new everyday." This is a very true statement especially when asking for advice you can hear ideas and viewpoints. One very common example is politics. Living so close to Washington, DC that is always a topic in your normal day to day conversation. Whether it is what the president is doing or who dropped out of the primary election, there is never a dull moment. Once in our civics class we were asked to do a project on our cities government officials. As part of this long and tedious project we had to talk with our parents or a trusted adult about their choices when voting. We had the opportunity to learn about how adults felt about some people and learned new facts about candidates. One of the most important facts I found was even adults talk to each other and hear others viewpoints and even try to change other peoples minds. Another benefit of sharing thoughts is learning.

We will never stop learning. Up until our final days we will never stop consuming new information, even if we don't attend school everyday of our life that does not mean we won't learn. The most common and one of the only ways to get this information is through other people. If that means through words or through the internet, both include seeking multiple opinions. When asking someone for advice we will always be able to learn something new that could help us later in life. Foe example, every time I visit a family member no matter if I have saw them a day ago or a year ago I will always be given a piece of advice along with a story which make every family gathering a little bit more interesting. I have learned so much from them and will always remember their words as I get older.

Overall, seeking multiple opinions is beneficial as well as very important when asking for advice. Without it you may not get the best possible outcome. So, before making a big decision always ask for advice, look at other resources, and you might just learn something new.     