To the principal

Do people prefer to do community service or play video games? In many ways a person can help other. Some other people prefer to do other things than help. In my opinion , the principal should require all students to do community service. At first it would be a good starting point to help shape teenager's life's. It would also be a good thing because you're helping other people. It can also be a good thing for the people that don't have as many opportunities. You may think that community service is boring and a waist of time, but you will see how helping others can change the world.

Some of the teenagers this days don't care about anyone else but themselves. That will not be good habit for when they grow up. As an adult you cant be sp gritty. A good opportunity to shape or help teenager's life can be real easy. If the principal requires all the students in the middle school then they will be forced t do something good for someone else. As they get use to doing it over and over it will become a habit to help other people.

Not everyone in this world has everything that is needed to have a normal life. By helping a group of elementary you don't only help them have a better education but you also are showing them that helping other people is good thing. There are many ways that you can help people even if it is by taking care of them or giving them food. This people will b thankful for the things you do. And some day in the future they can say that community service is not a waist of time.

Do you know how many people would give anything to have a day as you do? A lot of people in the united states don't have all the privileges as we do. Some of them don't even have a place to stay. If the principal of every middle school requires all the students have to be on community service, then that can be a start of a new world. We can all help by giving clothe, food, covers for beds, blankets etc. If there is one thousand students in every middle school then we can all help the less fortunate. And maybe even help everyone in this world have a normal life like we do.

As mentioned before people don't care enough to help other people. As a whole middle school helps atleast once or twice a week. Then they will get use to helping. This is just a simple why the principal should consider require all the students be on community service. It wont only help the less fortunate but it will also help teenagers with their future. And they can also learn that helping people is not always a waste of time. The principal should not only require students to perform community service but also show that community service is a thing that will always help someone in the world.      