Dear State Senator,

In voting for a new president we should keep the process of the Electoral College.  The Electoral College is apart of the United States' history.  It was established by our founding fathers in the Constitution.  If we keep the Electoral College there will be a less chance of a tie and a dispute then there would be in a popular vote process.  Also the Electoral College is fair and we would be avoiding run-off elections.

The first reason we should keep the Electoral College is there will be a certainty of outcome.  Even though the total number of votes is 538, the chance of a tie is likely ,but highly unlikely.  "In 2012's election, for example, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney....Because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state," this means that a tie is not likely, but it could happen (Posner 18).  If we used the process of popular vote in the United States there would be a bigger chance of a dispute over the outcome then there would the outcome of an Electoral College.

The next reason we should keep our historical process of the Electoral College is it's fair.  According to an excerpt from "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" from

Slate Magazine

, "the Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal" (Posner 19).  This means that all states are equal and none of them have more or less power than one another and none of the states have enough power to elect a president.  Bradford Plumer from

Mother Jones thinks "It's official: the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational,"  there are many arguments that state that the electoral college is unright, many people disagree saying its a great system involving easy and fair processes.

Also the Electoral College reduces the pressure which complicates the presidential election process.  With the Electoral College the problem of elections where none of the candidates have the majority of the votes cast is avoided.  "For example, Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College" (Posner 22).

Keeping the Electoral College is very important.  First off it is a part of our nation's history.  It also keeps electing a president easy, fair, and non-pressuring.  Even though the method of the Electoral College is outdated and old, it still is a good way of electing a new president.  This process keeps disputes from occuring and makes all the states be heard and equal.                                