Do I think online classes would benefit students from being able to attend classes from home? Yes! I think it would actually be better for people 18. If you are 18 it gives you more free time to get a full time good paying job and you will still be able to go to school. It is not as hard on your body as going to school either, saying that meaning when you work and you go to school most days you would have to leave school and go straight to work. With online classes you can wake up for class do your work an when you finish you can go back to sleep until its time for you to go to work. Believe it or not you have more time to do your class work to, you can do it before you go to work or as soon it is given to you. You just have to know how to manage your time right and wanna do good in school and maintain a steady job.

Taking online classes really gives you a lot of free time you just have to know what to do with it. If it was me who had a chance to take only online classes. I would get me a full time job some where and I would do both. when I say that I know it sounds stressful and hard to do but when you really put thought into it you would have time to do them both. Say if I was working over night I could wake up around Noon I could do my work and then I could go back to sleep and rest more before I go to work. I could really picture that working out.

If someone is to try this with online classes it world be easier on their body because, you dont have to wake up and go to school and stay up all day and then go to work you can rest a little more before you go to work. Then you are not gonna be tired at work you can come home and sleep and then you dont have to wake up early after you get off of work late. You may not know it but rest is a big thing I never understood that until I got a job an now that I am not getting that much sleep I realized that your body needs rest because without rest your body is not right until you get the rest you need.

The good part about the whole thing is that you will have a lot more time to do your classwork. I am not talking about a hour of class time im talking about you can sit down and finish all of your work at your own pace you will get much more done in less time and you will still have more free time. you will still be able to enjoy yourself on your days off with no school work or if you have some you have not done you can do it on your days you have off. Honestly its a lot of ways you can go about having online classes a lot of people can have a lot of different ways to look at this but this is just the way I look at it. If i was to ever get the chance to do online classes I would take this route and try to maintain a job and school at the same time i am not really sure why this is just how I would go about it.

In conclusion if you are in high school an they offer online classes for people almost done with school take them up on that because it would push you harder to graduate letting you know that your almost there. some people might thing school is easier but everyone opinion is different. My opinion would be what i talked about in my paper which is to take the online classes an get you a job so therefore you could work and make money while you not in school. And if thats not what you want to do just fine something out in the world productive to do for the time you are taking those online classes. I am almost sure if your 18 and you are taking online classes or is almost finish high school you can probably take collage courses for the time being just to get a head start on your life after high school.