Many people across the country would believe that having an Electoral College is good idea. Well, I belive thst it is not a good idea to continue having an Electoral College to chose our president because the people deserve to have their votes count. In the prcocess of having an Electoral College the poular votes do not count, only the slate of electors can vote for the canidate. That's not even the worst part to begin with.

In source 2, it says that 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. That is more than half the amount of voters in the country! It even states "In the same vein, faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's canidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please." meaning that sometimes the electors would not always have the same idea in mind as the people have. To me that is a real bummer especially for the people in the state with those kinds of electors.

Furthermore, the Electoral college may have a few benefits as it states in source 3. Fore example, it says "The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate receives a majority of the votes cast." meaning that barely anyone would vote in the state. But that is usually a rare ocasion and is easily avoided in every state. As individuals we would usually not avoid coming to vote in an election for certain positions especially when it comes to a president.

Sometimes people would even let the Electoral College vote for them without the people knowing who they voted for. The Electoral College is supposed to represent their state towards a canidate but what if the state rarely has any electors to be represeted or doesn't have any at all? That is why it is up to the people to make their own decision in who they want to vote for and hopefully their vote counts. The Electorial College may be recomended to represent their state but they can never represent every individual's vote because not all people have the same canidate in mind and the Electorial College can only vote for one canidate.

Overall, I think the Electoral College should be abolished in every way. It is the people's vote that should count not the electors. Some people may disagree but I still believe the Electorial College is not good for us. It is not truely fair to have the majority of popular votes on one canidate and still that canidate does not win due the Electoral College. So I can most certainly agree with what previous people and groups have said before such as Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S Chamber of Commerance, and the AFL-CIO.... To get rid of the Electoral College.               