Students that use the way of the internet to execute their online work, should have the choice to either take online classes or physically be in the classroom. In a way, online classes help the student if they obtain a focusing disability, the course can be slowed down, and the student can take their time while also having the ability to learn. Also, physically being in a class can be very distracting because of other students, video games that may be brought to class, or just the loudness a class can come up to.

Online classes give a student and their teacher hands on with teaching, if there is something interrupting the students lesson mentally, teachers can figure out and pin point the main problem easier and faster than in a classroom filled with twenty or more kids. Video conferencing is another alternative that lets the instructor visually observe how the student reacts to something new, teenagers tend to pay more attention when they are alone than when they are in a crowd of peers meaning, alone time for teens and anyone gives them time to think and process information.

A downside to online classes is that students may not make friends as often as they would in public or private school, homeschooling is a challenge but should not be looked down upon just because the lack of social communication a child may have, as long as the child graduates and tends to do really well with their progress in online classes then there is no reason that they should be put into public or private education, unless said otherwise by the student themselves.

Every parent wants nothing but the best for their child, if online classes and virtual conferencing is one of them then that option should be taken up on. In a stance of things, school and education come first and if a student would rather go to a party to amp up their social status then homeschooling is not for them and they should be placed in publice schooling. Homeschool is a learning system for people who want to work better towards their goals which may include college, a job after highschool, or even into the military.

Any and everything needs an educational background and it all depends on how a student wants to execute it towards what they want to do later in life, if they are stronger in public school then they should be placed in that branch,

if they are stronger in private school then they should not even have a second thought towards that decision, but if they are willing to drop those two options and homeschool where you are head on with an instructor, then that should be an option if they want first hand help with their work.       