"I've waited a long time for this!" exclaimed Generic_Name. It was the first day of summer break and he was so excited to have fun with his friends. After a long day of playing outside with his friends, he walked in the house and his mother handed him a paper that she had printed out. "What is this for mom?" Generic_Name asked as he twisted his face up. His giggling mother answered, "Well, this is your summer project that your seventh grade English teacher Generic_Name assigned to you and it is due the first day you go back to school." Generic_Name scanned the paper in disbelief as he read,

"Research about one of the gods in Greek mythology. Create your project explaining your god in detail all about them."

Generic_Name felt as if a person that heavier than the world itself was sitting on his shoulders. He exhaled and shook his head as went up stairs realizing he couldn't have the whole summer free with his friends anymore. he thought if so, "Why couldn't she have gave us more instruction on what to do?!" While many students believe that teachers should give them more detail on what to do on their projects, it is in the students best interest to create their own design because it will keep them active in learning throughout the summer, students will gain confidence and be more comfortable with creating something, and they will get a higher grade on their project.

Students tend to forget the things the learned over the summer. They would have to think more if they were to design their own project. Which keeps their brain flowing and help them remember the things they learned that school year. In my opinion, I believe that them remembering things they've learned will help them in the future.

This is why it's good for students to design their own projects.

When creating something, there is no right wrong too it because you made it up. Students will fill more comfortable with their work. By them becoming comfortable, it will make the project easier and more enjoyable for them. For example, many people in my class and I enjoy it when we are allowed to expand our creativity and the pleasure in doing so make our project look like masterpieces. Another reason why students benefit for creating their own project from scratch.

By students having to start their projects from scratch, they will have to research thoroughly. The extreme research they will be doing will help them get and good grade on their project. The more information obtained the better outcome of the project. Even though students find research excruciating, it is a big contribution to projects. Research will be more of help with students designing their own projects.

In conclusion, projects that are designed by students keeps them on their toes in learning, are more comfortable to create, and students will get A's on their project. It will help them succeed in life and make them proud of their selves. In comparison to teacher-designed projects, student-designed projects helps in the long run and gives benefits that is unremarkable.                       