You make choices everyday, and there is a lot that goes into it. Everybody always wants to do the popular thing, so they get multiple opinions. Multiple viewpoints, advice and the aftermath are all things that people take into account before making a choice.

Many people often seek multiple viewpoints. Lots of people ask their family for opinions. Lets say I'm at Target with my mom and I see a pair of boots I think are really pretty, I'm going to ask my mom if I should get them or not before I spend money on them. Friends, just like family are credible resources. If they are a good friend, they will tell you the honest truth no matter what. Many people want multiple viewpoints. Even if it's just buying a pair of boots from Target, one wants to make sure they are pleasing everyone. Everybody has a different opinion and they should all be respected even if you don't agree with it.

No two opinions are the same. Nobody wants to do the unpopular thing. From my experience all anyone wants to be is popular. Lots of people have different advice. You might ask Generic_Name if she likes your shoes and she says yes because they are unique and then you ask Generic_Name and she says no because they are to plain. Everyone has a different opinion and thats okay, they are entitled to it. However, that can make it harder when trying to make a decision. Nobody's thought process is the same as the person sitting next to them.

The after math of a choice is also important. Social media has a huge role in decision making. For example, if Taylor Swift is wearing a watch everyone is going to decide to go out and buy that cool watch. Everybody wants to maintain a good reputation. Not a lot of people, at least a far as I know, want to be known as the "weirdo". Just as many people that want a good reputation want attention. There is good and bad attention. It's all about finding the balance of the both of them. There is a lot that goes into a choice.

Multiple opinions are nessesary to make a good decision. More then one viewpoint can be crucial to making a good choice, no two people have the same opinion and that after math is also important are all things to keep in mind when inquiring advice. Choices take more then just your opinion.            