"Do you think i should get a new phone,or keep the one i have right now?'asked Generic_Name."You should get a new one,so your storage won't be full!"said Generic_Name. Generic_Name thanked Generic_Name and asked gen,"Nah,you shouldn't get one unless your phone is actually broken,yours doesn't seems fine." "You're right gen,thanks."added Generic_Name. People always asked more than one person for advice. They tend to ask more people because,it helps them get good reasons,keeps count as the vote wether or not it could be a good idea,and lastly,they learn new things along the way..

First reason to why people ask multiple people for advice is giving good reasons. There's many reasons people give out that you might've not thought about. An example could be,instead of buying a phone,you can trade it to the company and they'll give you a brand new one. Another reason to why people ask multiple people for adive is because,other people also give out the pros and cons about the topic. An example would be,the new features in the phone aren't great,but it's good quality for photos. In conclusion,people give out good reasons that you may or may not have thought about.

Second reason as to why people ask more than one person for advice is beacuse they keep count as to people who agree and who doesn't. Most of the time people like to keep count as to what's good, or what's bad. An example could be,they choose not to get a new phone cause more people said no. And that is why people care about the amount of people who said yes or no. In conclusion,people like to make it as competition to see if it's a good reason or not.

Lastly,they learn new things along the way. Instead of buying the Iphone Xr,they should wait until the new phone comes out in a couple of months. Or,download google photos to save you more storage instead of buying another phone,a last example would be using it with family. It gives more GB because they add every member of your family's GB,which makes it give people more storage. A lot of people probably didn't knew this until a worker for the the company says it. In conclusion,the more you ask,the more you know.