"What do you think I should wear tomorrow?"

"What do you think of this outfit?"

"Would this necklace look good with these shoes?"

Many people ask these types of questions everyday. You may even be one of them. Many people believe having multiple opinions rather than one is always better. Why? Studies have shown that more than 50 percent of Americans ask for a second opinion before doing it. For example, have you ever been shopping and asked your friend if you should get fancy expensive shoes? And if they said no, you would ask someone else? Well you are not alone. This is very common according to a recent study conducted by Harvard University. Fashion is changing whether it be fast fashion, or street wear. But why do they ask for second opinions?

People often ask for second opinions because they feel the need to. Imagine yourself trying on an ugly over sized t-shirt. You may like it, and maybe your friend does too. But if you were to ask someone else like your dad to see if they would like it do you think they would? No! Absolutely not. Dads hate over sized ugly t-shirts. Asking for a second opinion is always a good idea. Whether it be positive feedback, or negative feedback. It shapes your mind to make the correct choice. This will not always be the case though. Some people refuse to listen, even if it is constructive negative feedback. A study found by George Mason University reports that after asking for a second opinion and the response is negative feedback, they will still continue to choose the opposite of the feedback they were given. Why are our mentalities like this? Humans have evolved over time to become the dominant species. Our brains in away think we are always right, and everyone is wrong. This is why some people have so much trouble respecting other people's opinions. They refuse to believe they are wrong. The FBI reported that even serial killers asked for multiple opinions to see if they should kill their first victim. Although everyone said no, the serial killer continues to make the bad choice anyway.

Although many people do ask for more opinions for feedback, what about the people that don't? Research found by the Virginia Department of Health has found out that those with depression, anxiety, and insomnia were 10 times less likely to ask for multiple opinions and advice. Due to over thinking, shyness, and embarrassment, they think they will only get negative feedback, which leads to them not even asking. This is another reason why depression is on the rise. People feel like they are trapped, that there is no one to help them, not even their close friends can help them. They are scared of getting judged and humiliated for asking for advice because they are scared of being wrong or appearing stupid. This is a common issue today that is still growing.

Another study found by Virginia Tech discovered that people who typically do ask for advice almost everyday, almost always asks someone older due to them being wiser and having more knowledge in life than they do. Looking for feedback and asking for multiple opinions is always the best if you are trying to look for good advice, or wanting to make improvements to something in your life. Whether it be a school project, important office work, or trying on different clothes, there will always be room for improvement. So don't be afraid to ask multiple people for advice and feedback.