Should or Shouldn't drivers use devices while operating a vehicle? I think drivers shouldnt use any device while operating a vehicle. The reason being is because you can put yourself and others in serious danger. You using a device when you should be paying attention to the road can cost so much damage to things and others. No person should use no device especially if they have a child on board during driving time. You wouldn't want to hurt your child due to this dangerous thing to do. This type of thing had cost many car accidents which is likely 45% to happen of most accidents made because of the use of devices.

If you want to be able to use any device while driving , I think you should get something that's safer to use during your time of driving. Having a phone holder so that you wouldn't have to take your eyes off the road at any given moment . It's safe to use because you can still manage your driving and what you are trying to do on your device at the same time. You can still make phone calls and such things of that nature. A little more in depth on why this is still a dangerous thing to do. Many people that drives like teens the ages like 17 and older attend to use devices while toxicated or other things pertaining to that. This is more dangerous to use a device because you are unaware of everything going around you.

This is why most teens or adults have many accidents because of driving using a device while driving. While learning to drive there were no things saying to use a device while driving. You don't think about other lives while doing these dangerous things? To me I don't think so because therefore no accidents wouldn't be made because of this type of thing. I think if people did care everyone wouldn't use a device at all unless it's a safe device to use which is a blue tooth device. People need to follow rules more so that these things can be avoided. When you follow rules they stop a lot of things from preventing car accidents.

I think people who use a device while driving and they cost a accident should have a serious consequence. They know on the road no device shouldn't be used because of what can happen to yourself and others around you. So when it happens they should get the full consequence that is because these things need to stop because people want to do things at the wrong given time. So this what should happen if the person are in the wrong.

This is why I think devices shouldn't be use during operating a vehicle because of all the things that can happen in my previous paragraphs. This should be put out more so that people can really abide by this so that it can and will prevent bad things from happening.                   