The electoral college is seen both hated and favored by many Americans. Some believe that the electoral college is an efficent way of reciving a effective president and should be continued to be utilziled in America, and others (In comparsion with me) agrees that the electoral college should be thrown out allowing voting to be more of an "equal chance". The vote really doesnt count if your electors of the state dont come to the agrrement of the president you would want  In the electoral college  Secondly, who are the electors?  And lastly who pics the electors? this is the curicumstances of having the electoral college.

First off, the vote really doesnt count if your electors of the state dont come to the agrrement of the president you would want. In the elctoral college the citizen of that particular state vote for the president of their choice. Afterwards it would be up to the number of electors that pledged for that particular president would earn the runners a number of votes that the state has based on their population. The method used for selecting a president maybe effiecent but not correct. It maybe faster and easier to caluclate but which would you rather have? An not so good president that was choosen by some elector. Or a vote based on what the entire country feels. Not off what a certian side of the country are most likely to do.

Secondly, who are the electors? Although these electors are trusted and rarely betrayed, how would we know if it was betrayed during this certian election? What if almost more than half of the electors in every state was influenced,forced or was to "betray" that would be an serious issue the elction of that particular presdient. This is one of the many questions in having a electoral college. The electors can be influenced by the other electors. which cannot be good for our country. these type of decsions should be made by everyone in the country not 12, 45, or 44 elctoral votes. The electoral votes were in the constitution from long ago. These type of systems worked better because the technology wasnt as advanced, but now it is. Why continue on whats already worn out, and out of date?

Lastly, how are the electors choosen? Because of not always being able to control who their electors of the state choose for it really isnt accurate. If electoral college was and "correct" way to choose the presdient, then why arent they publicly annocunced? How do the people who selelct the eletors? which brings up the possiblilty of the electors have a strong bias belief in democrats/republicans. all together the electoral college sounds fishy, if everyone voted on their perosnal opionion there would be less choas on how the president was selected.

Although anachronism may seem like a tradtion in America, that worked when it was created and continues to work now, there are quite of few down falls of this system. things are different now, we (America) should adjust to the times we are living in. What worked then may not be the best possible choice due to the advancements that we nw have in america. We should be free to vote for our president directly, not through some system that is almost acient. The vote really doesnt count if your electors of the state dont come to the agrrement of the president you would want  In the electoral college  Secondly, who are the electors?  And lastly who pics the electors? This is the curicumstances of having the electoral college. Maybe soon the country will see the differnce.    