In space it has been proven that there is no oxygen in any planet expect earth where we live. On May 24, 2001 NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft was circling the plants when it took a picture oof a face that was planted on planet Mars known as the Red Planet. The picture looked like a shadowy likeness of a human face. The head in the picture was enormous. We figured that the face was nearly 2 miles from end to end. Some time later after studying and researching the picture, we leaked the picture to the public so they could give us there thoughts about it because NASA always likes to here from the people. As soon as the picture was public lots of people where saying that it looked like it was created by aliens. It was attracting lots of people. But a big percentage of those people said it looked like an aliens face which was a Huge rock formation but they kept defending their statement. But i want to make people believe NASA hat it was a Rock formation created by erosion and rock movement through out the years.

Most people have been saying that this face was created by aliens but i dont think so. The reason why i dont think this face was created by aliens is because just like on earth there is erosion,rocks,and plaitonic movement. On Mars there is that to, the only three things Mars dosen't have is oxygen, water, or any subtance of food or plants that make oxygen. The exprience at NASA over the years and the studying and researching every day and having to do expriments on the picture, have determine that those figures are caused by rock movement or metiorids that hit planet Mars. The thing is that no one really could of created that without any food or water.

I think after all the research NASA has done and the studying of the natural landform on Mars that was created by Rock Formation turns out to be ture and for evryone that thinks that me and my team at NASA are wrong well no i don't think i am wrong i think i am way beyond positive that we are right because NASA has done everything they can to bring the people the right information. The people that think the natural landform was created by alliens need to join NASA so they can come along see that NASA brings only the truth noting but the truth to the people. But NASA always trys to do there best to convince people to know the right information and to have the correct facts in hand. 