At Generic_School, every student needs to choose one club to join each year and Generic_Name was deciding whether he should join the Drama Club, the Drama Club is specialized for people who want to sing and act and just be themselves. He enjoyed acting and singing, but he has never joined a Drama Club before. He has had experience outside of school like, joining in school plays and at church he would volunteer to sing in front of people. There was another club called the Journalist Club, this club involves of a lot of writing and creativity, he has joined this club once back in eighth grade. This club will also be beneficial to his English grade, his English grade could go up by 15 points! He was always the top of his English class for having the highest score on his essays and prompts. Generic_Name was also thinking about choosing this option as his club but can't decide if he should choose the Drama Club or the Journalist Club. " They are both really good choices, but I can't make up my mind! " Generic_Name exclaimed.

He couldnt figure out what to pick so he asked for help from a few of his friends. " Hey Generic_Name!" Generic_Name said. "What's up dog" Generic_Name said in a relaxed voice. Generic_Name was asking for his opinion on whether he should choose the Drama Club or the Journalist Club. Generic_Name suggested that he should pick the Journalist club because he knows that he would succeed on being a good journalist and he could raise his grade up even higher, he also said that grades come first. Generic_Name said "Thanks i'll keep that in mind, I'm going to go ask Generic_Name for her opinion". "Good luck dude on finding your choice." He decided he didn't want to base off his choice on one opinion. He asked Generic_Name what he should pick and she said that he should join the Drama club because, it would be a fun new experience and that it would be fun doing something that he enjoyed. Generic_Name also said that if he becomes really good at it then he could pursue this and make it into a career even though he wants to be a University English professor. Generic_Name was very appreciative of her thoughts.

He went around asking more people, once he gathered enough data he started to compare one to another. Generic_Name finally got his answer and decided to go with the Journalist Club. He thought about what Generic_Name said when it could raise up his grade and he also thought about the part where Generic_Name was taking about careers and it made him think that if he keeps taking the Journalist Club each year it could help him be a step closer to being a English professor because of all the practice and experience he's had. Couple years later Generic_Name went to University and studied English and so much more. He became eligible enough to become a professor, he has succeeded in pursuing his goal. Things became more understandable because of all the experience he's had back in high school, he is grateful for the choices that he has made because of other's opinions. If he hadn't heard of anybodies opinion's then, he couldn't have concluded on a choice and chose Drama Club over Journalist Club and never would have made it here.

People should listen to other's advice/opinions before making their own decisions because, people would have the ability to have different options based on others opinions, Others can compare and contrast their options leading to one concluded choice, and thinking ahead for what would happen if you chose these choices to lead to a better future.