Automobiles have proved to be very convenient to our modern day society. It allows people to travel 20 miles in ten to fifteen minutes. By foot, it would take about four hours to travel that distance. Although cars have been beneficial, the limitation of car usage would outweigh the benefits of constantly relying on them. Decreasing the amount of time we spend in them would improve public transportation, improve air quality, and create less stress.

Cutting down the amount of car usage would encourage the use of public transportation. According to Source 1, the essentially car-less suburban, Vanbaun, has made public transportation more accessible. Increasing the use of it would decrease the time it takes to commute from place to place. Less cars on the roads mean less traffic. In small towns, not as many people currently use the system on a regular basis. With the limiting of car usage, public transportation could become more popular in suburban areas, not just metropolitan cities. Some may not want to take this form of transportation because it may not meet their sanitary needs. However, if the popularity increases, cities will be obligated to improve the conditions. Public transportation could be the new primary form of transportation if we limit the amount of time cars are allowed to be used.

Additionally, a large problem in the world today is air pollution and globabl warming. Automobiles cause the majority of this ongoing problem. Less time spent in the car would eventually lead to better air quality. Source 2 states that in Paris, France the smog in the city was near-record pollution. This caused Paris to enforce a partial driving ban to clear the air. Congestion was cut down 60% after this action was taken. Vehicles release numerous harmful greenhouse gases that we have been trying to reduce. These gases not only harm the environment, but the people as well. New and popular alternatives to the common diesel cars are hybrids and electric cars. Less car usage would result in reduction of pollution.

Also, using a car less decreases stress levels. According to Source 3, in Bogota, Colombia, citizens participate in the very popular car-free day. A businessman in Colombia said, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress." Cars do not allow people's mind to stop and rest. A driver's mind is constantly thinking and attempting to get to their destination as fast as possible. If cars were barely used, people could take a serene stroll to their destination, allowing the mind to slow down, think, and relax. Parks and recreation would expand and improve as well due to the smaller vicinity we can reach by foot or bike. New and improved public areas would become more enjoyable, making us less stressed. Stress levels decline as car usage declines.

The increased use of public transportation, improved air quality, and lower stress levels all result from the limitations of car usage. As beneficial as a car may be to people, limiting the use of it is more advantageous than not. Car companies are still widely developing as highways and roads are expanding, but our society should go the other direction and find healthier sources of transportation.    