Have you ever made a bad choice in life, because I know I have. Think about the more sophisticated choices you could have made if only you would have asked more people their opinions on the decision or choice you were about to make. There have been countless times where I have asked myself, did I just make the best choice I could have made? Whether it's a decision you make in sports about what could be the right move to make on this next play, or a choice you have to make at home or in school, it is always good to have plenty of opinions that can help you make the best choice.

Your teammates in sports can help you make the best choice. I don't know how many times I can count where I have been playing baseball and we had a team huddle. These usually happen so you can go over your next big play. Since there is a team that have your backs no matter what, I am for sure that I am one-hundred percent comfortable making this next play. Some could also relate this to making an important life choice. Do I take this fantastic job offer? Should we move out of the state we already live in? Do I take enough time in the day to do my homework? There are countless questions as to why you should ask people around you if you are making the best choice. But asking people around you, who have probably been right where you are before, could lead to the best outcome for you.

Bad choices lead to consequences. Over fifty-four percent of people in the United States believe that the bad choices they have made can lead to consequences later on. I wonder how many of those same people have asked any of their friends and family if the choice they make right now would turn on them, or benefit them later on. Whenever I have a big decision to make I go to my friends, family, coaches, and teachers. No questions asked. It is so good to have multiple peoples opinions on these types of things. There was a time when I had to choose whether to go on a better baseball team that had some of my friends on it, or a not as good baseball team that had none of my friends on it. Changing teams can be a big deal, some could relate it to working for a better company than they were before, but these decisions don't come easily do they? No, they take time and who better to help you with these decisions than the people whom you trust the most. After about a week of receiving opinions from people such as my family and friends, I made this best choice for me, and it turned out great. I started having more fun hanging with my friends and we were winning more games. My old coach understood and I still keep in touch with him to this day. I know that without my peers, I probably wouldn't have made the same choice, and my other choice could have led to smaller consequences such as, not getting enough recognition or losing more games than we should be losing.

Surround yourself with positive friends to help make the best decisions. You may be a police officer and have to make an on the job decision, well no worries there because you have some of the best guys in the world to help you make that decision. But what if you didn't have positive friends in your life and you weren't surrounded people that could help you make the right decision. Would you go down the wrong path? There are many things that can lead to wrong decisions,and there are many things that can lead to good ones. It depends on you and your friends and family.

With all this being said, it is in your best interest to make sure you ask more than one person about how you could make a better choice. You may be into sports and you have your teammates to ask, or you may have a job and you have you co-workers to ask, however these people all have one thing in common, and that is that they will all lead you down the right path and help you make the best decision. Which is why multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. So will you go in at it alone, or will you have your friends and family help you make the best call?