I think that people go to more than one person for advice because firstly, people might want different views or ideas on a certain problem or situation. Secondly, some people might have more experience than others handling or talking about that certain problem. Finally, I believe that a lot of people may just want reassurance that they're doing the right thing from multiple sources.

I think that people might want different views/ideas on a certain problem because everyone has different opinions. For example, in my civics class, if you're writing an essay/paper, my teacher encourages others to check your work before you submit, even if you've already checked it yourself because it's a fresh pair of eyes looking at your paper a different way and you could make your essay better for other people to read. So if you go to more than one person for advice, it's different people looking at a situation a different way, so it's easier to give and take advice.

Another reason you might go to more than one person for advice is because they might have more experience than you or others with the situation you're in. You might want to ask a close friend, or someone that has experience at giving good advice. An example of that is when I was fighting with a friend and I had to ask people for help on what I do. I asked my close friends, and another friend because I knew they had dealt with this a lot of times before, and that helped work it out. Also, if a person has more experience with giving advice, they are most likely to help you make the best choice you can make.

My last reason would be that some people may just want reassurance that they are doing the right thing from multiple people/sources. They could already know what they're doing, but they could still want other people's opinions and insight. For example, if I was fighting with a friend, and I was trying to resolve it and already knew what I was going to say, I could ask multiple people if I should should say that or not, or how they think things would turn out. So, if a person asked their friends what they should do and they all thought it wouldn't have a good outcome, they could take their friend's advice and change what they were doing.

In conclusion, how I think going to multiple people for advice can help someone make a better choice is because people want different views and opinions on a certain situation (it also makes things easier to work out.) Also, different people have different levels of experience with giving advice, and those people are most likely to help you make the better choice. Lastly, a lot of people may just want reassurance they're making the best choice they can and that they're doing the right thing; because when you ask multiple people for advice, and they say you're doing the right thing, it would boost your confidence and motivate you. (That has happened to me before.)