Have you ever wanted to do something fun, of your choice after school? It would be good for schools to make every student have to do at least one extracurricular activity. There are many reasons it should be mandatory for all students to do extracurricular activities. Students should all do an extracurricular activity because it can make them try new things, students could make new friends, and could help them get more skilled at things they like.

Firstly, an extracurricular activity can help students learn new things in many ways. One way is that they can push for the student to become more well rounded individuals, and force you to get better at something that you may not yet know you really love to do. For example, if you were to join a yearbook club and were tasked with making the front cover of the yearbook, but you are not an amazing artist then this is your chance to learn and get better at being an artist.

Secondly, a student is able to make more friends and meet cool new people at extracurricular activities rather than at school. Students are able to make more friends because they are able to meet lots of new people at these extracurricular activities, and are able to meet people who share interests with them like basketball, painting, or Dungeons and Dragons. As an example, a student who joined a drama club could find new friends who also like performing just like themselves.

Lastly, a student would be able to gain lots of skill by participating in an after school activity. They would be able to do so by collaborating with other people who may be more skilled than them or who have a different set skills that they could teach each other, a soccer player might show another how to dribble better while they show another how to guard the ball better. Students would also simply gain more time to practice the things that they like to do allowing them to get more experience.

In conclusion, although it might not seem right to force students to do extracurricular activities, it can help students become better people overall. For example, if a student were to join an after school basketball team then they would be able to get better at basketball and gain new friends who also play basketball with them. So finally, being forced to do extracurricular activities would allow students to learn new things, make new friends, and improve their skills.