Hundreds of students find it very difficult to get a job due to the lack of many skills and experiences as a result of being home schooled. Many students prefer distance learning rather than attending a public or private school. This is because they're afraid of being judged or mistreated by others. Although some may believe otherwise, Missing out on improving ones social skills and not being able interacting with others, prove that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

The first reason students wouldn't benefit from being able to attend classes from home is because they miss out on improving their socializing skills. I was personally home schooled when I was younger and found it difficult to socialize with other students when I started to attend a public school. This is significant because it shows how an individual can miss out on improving their social skills due to being home schooled. My cousin's have also experienced having difficulty socializing with others in collage due to distance learning. This is imperative because it also reveals how being home schooled can negatively impact someone when they go to collage.

Another reason students wouldn't benefit from getting an education at home is they will lack having experience interacting with others. Many people such as my friends don't know how to act in front of other students because they had been home schooled when they were younger. This is important because it shows how being home schooled at a young age and not interacting with many people can impact the way you act in front of others. My brother had also almost gotten suspended for making an inappropriate joke in class. This is significant because he was also home schooled and not having many interactions with other students and teachers almost caused him to get suspended.

Some may say that distance learning has nothing to do with improving ones social skills, they are mistaken. These individuals are wrong because when a student is being home schooled, they don't have the same experience socializing with others as someone who goes to a public school, therefor also not gaining as much skills as someone who isn't home schooled. Others might also say that getting educated at home has nothing to do with interacting with others, they are incorrect. These people are wrong because when students are home schooled, they don't get that many opportunities to interact with others and end up not knowing how to act around others.

When one considers all these points, it's clear that students wouldn't benefit from being able to take classes from home. Students who are educated at home lack lots of skills and experience. This problem can easily be solved if schools stopped offering distance learning. If schools keep offering distance learning, more and more students will find it hard to gain important skills and experiences.                                 