In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author makes some very good points to why this type of technology would be useful for people. When teaching a class, it isn't easy to give a lesson and focus on student's faces at the same time, because eventually you'll lose your spot in the lesson while searching through the sea of faces. Another challenge that teachers face, is keeping everyone focused. This technology is very useful to teachers, because it can help them make class less boring.

In paragraph 6, sentence 5, it says, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, Dr. Huang predicts. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." This feature would be very useful to a teacher so they can change up their style of teaching to best suit the whole class. When in using this computer, teachers can find out who's angry or upset, and can focus their attention on those particular students and figure out what the problem is.

In paragraph 4, sentence 3, it states that, "By weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions." As I said before, it is very hard to teach a lesson and study people's faces at the same time, so when the computer finds out who's upset, it will benefit the teacher very much. If it's something inside the classroom that's bothering them, the teacher can talk to the student about it, whether they're confused or just don't like the way they're being taught. Let's say, for example, the student doesn't like the teaching style and the teacher talks to them about it. The teacher then changes what that student doesn't like and in turn there is an increase in the willingness to participate in class.

When it comes to being confused in a high school classroom, most high school students don't want to ask for help because they're embarrassed of what their peers may say. They then don't know what to do for school work and assignments, and in turn, they get a low grade. But with this computer, it can give the teacher information on who's having trouble, and they can either slow down the lesson or help that person individually.

In conclusion, these computers are extremely valuable. Not only to the teachers, but to the students as well, because it can help teachers differentiate who's happy, sad, angry, confused, or bored, and if the students are happy in class, they are more willing to participate. Better participation equals better grades. It's not a teachers job to make everyone happy, it's to teach a class, but if some of the students are unhappy and it is effecting their ability to learn in class, than this computer is the perfect way to help everyone out.