Students . . . imagine being able to wake up for school in the morning but not have to leave the house, this can become a normal reality for all students enrolled in school if they were allowed to take their school courses online. People work better in an environment they are most comfortable in, which would be their home. Students would benefit from taking classes from home by being in the comfort of their home, not having to find transportation, nor having to interact with people in person if they're shy or antisocial.

Being in the comfort of their home can benefit students when working. If Generic_Name was in a school where he got bullied and picked on for his extremely small size then he would not want to be there but rather, somewhere where he feels safe and comfortable. When Generic_Name tries to do his work, all he would think about is what the other kids are saying about him or what they'll make fun of him for during lunch. When Generic_Name goes to school and has to sit in a chair all day in class, he obtains back problems. If he were at home he could sit on his bed and move around to stretch out his body to stay loose therefore, making his back not get any aches. Students being able to work in a place they're most comfortable could make them more productive.

Not having to find transportation to school would make things tremendously easier on students. Generic_Name's parents both work away from home for the Government in Generic_City. and her house is in Generic_City while her school is in Generic_City, 30 minutes away, so there isn't a bus that comes to get her therefore, she either doesn't go to school or takes an Uber, when her parents can pay for one. If Generic_Name could take school from home then she wouldn't have to miss so many days and her parents wouldn't have to pay for Ubers most of the days. Generic_Name lives 1 mile away from her bus stop, that she's supposed to walk to every morning but, she doesn't want to walk alone in the dark and her parents can't walk her because they have to work so, they try to get family members to drive her to school but most of the time they're busy. If Generic_Name was able to take her classes from home then she would'nt have to worry about walking in the dark in the mornings, where she feels scared but instead, she would'nt have to leave her house for school. Students being allowed to do school from home, would'nt have to find transportation, when they don't have it.

Students who are antisocial and don't want to interact with people, would'nt have to, if they took school at home. Generic_Name doesn't like to talk to people in person because he gets nervous and then blacks out, like when Generic_Name asked for his number during lunch break at school and then he fainted in the middle of the Cafe. If Generic_Name could take school at home then he would'nt have any problems with getting nervous then blacking out or fainting. Generic_Name doesn't talk to anyone because she gets very awkward around any new person she meets and embarrasses her self, like when Generic_Name asked what her name was in Science class and then she farted on him and fell out of her chair and onto the floor. If Generic_Name could take school from home then she would'nt have to socialize with any new people and embarrass her self. Antisocial students being able to take school from home would allow them to only have to interact with their family,

that they already know, and no one new to them.

By being in the comfort of their home, not having to find transportation, nor having to socialize with people in person, when they dont want to, students would benefit from taking their school classes from home. Students can be more productive in the comfort of their home rather than in a public place, like school. Students without transportation to school, would'nt need to struggle to find any if they took their classes from home. Antisocial students would'nt be forced to socialize when they don't want to, if they got the chance to take their classes at home. Students would benefit from taking their school classes from home, online or through video conferencing. 