The ways of learning has changed over the past few years and it is still improving to this day. Many decades ago, schools only had the traditional way of learning which was going to a public or private school to learn. However, technology has advanced and introduced online school to the students. Many students around the world enroll online school every year. Online schooling is expanding every year however, not all schools have agreed on letting their students do digital learning . Schools districts should allow the option to do online schooling for students.

One reason, schools should allow online schooling is because students can work at their own pace. In public and private schools teacher have to follow a certain curriculum of learning to make sure to teach every lesson before the school year ends. However, for students in online schooling can work at their own pace as long as they complete the lesson. Students would not have to feel stressed to have all the material down by a certain time limit;Working at their own pace will not only make students feel less stress but it can improve their academic level.

Another reason, schools should consider online schooling is because it is less costly. Parents would not have to deal with the stress of buying schools supplies for their children which can become very expensive. All the student's essentials they would need for learning would be on their electronic device. All digital assignments,tests,and quizzes would be easy to access on their device.

Some may say, School districts should keep it as a traditional learning because they offer plenty of assistance for the students if they are struggling. Traditional learning has been here for years because it has been successful and is the best way for students to learn information that they will remember even after they graduate. However, Students will have the opportunity to explore a the different types of learning. visual learning and even audio learning could help students that could struggle with the traditional way of learning. It will open up students minds to learn from a different perspective that could make learning more enjoyable for students.

In conclusion, schools should offer students online schooling. It will allow students to work at their own pace, it can be cost friendly, and allows students to explore the different ways of learning. Being able to give students the choice of how they would want to learn will motivate students to want to open their mind to new information. More School districts should add the the option to allow students to do online schooling as it can better and improve their lives for the better.