Cars that can drive themselves have been a fantasy for many years. They have been seen in movies and shows for quite a while, and many have hopes that someday, it will become a reality. With recent research and new developments, car manufacturers are beginning to actually make driverless cars possible. Altough there are many risks that could take place in the us of driverless cars, I believe that driverless cars should be made and used for everyone in the future.

A driverless car would have dozens of benefits for drivers on the road. Because there would be sensors all around the car that monitor the car's surroundings at all times, there would be almost no crashes. As of now, there are already cars that can drive by themselves, however, if there is a obstacle on the road, it will alert the driver and allow him to take over. When car manufacturers can develop a way for these cars to detect obstacles and manuver around them, the road will a much safer place, and car crashes would almost become nonexistent. When everyone has a driverless car, there would not even be chance to have a crash, unless nature gets involved, since each car is on a course that is monitoring the road at all times. Not only would there be fewer car crashes due to collisions, but there would also be no more speeding or reckless driving from unresponsible or inexperienced drivers.

Two of the main causes of car crashes today is the act of texting while driving and drinking while driving. If the car drives itself, then there would be no more distracted drivers that don't have their eyes on the road. A driverless car would allow the person in the drivers seat to focus on other things. When they develop cars that won't need a driver under circumstances, the person in the car may become bored, due to the lack of the thrill while driving. To solve this issue, these driverless cars would have in-car entertainment that would allow the owner of the car to not become bored. Another big benifit of driverless cars would be that they would use half the amount of gas and therefor not only saving the earth's limited amount of gas, but also saving people tons of money.

As stated, I strongly believe that they use of driverless cars should become a reality in the future and that everyone should use them. This would further increase everyones safety on the road and lead to fewer injuries and crimes. Not only would driverless cars benefit others by helping them achieve their destination safely, but also by saving the earth's amount of gas and saving people's money.