At the end of every school year teachers are always giving out summer projects.

Generally it's either a packet or for English a book you have to read then write a summary about it.

In most cases these projects are boring and it's the same thing they do every year.

Wouldn't it be nice for a change for student to maybe take a shot at being in control of what they want to do for their own individual project?

Although some say summer assignments shouldn't be student-designed because it's not going to be as organized, actually it should be student-designed because it gives students the chance to be creative and it takes off the extra work for teachers.

Furthermore, Students aren't always organized because students tend to be lazy about things amd so focused on their phones. If students would pay more attention and stayed on task student-designed summer projects would be a great idea but students aren't as organized as teachers because teachers already know how to plan for things and set up assignments for their students.

Plus teachers generally use the same material from the past few years or they use another teachers work and change a few things. Also students sometimes don't care about summer assignments because they tend to be boring so not everyone does the work, unless it's being forced.

Therefore student-designed summer projects wouldn't be a good idea.

However, If students were given the freedom to come up their own summer projects it would help students to be more creative.

In most cases students don't get the chance to even show their creative side with summer assignments because they have to follow a set way of how the assignment is supposed to be.

Students can always change their ideas because their isn't a limit on what they can do other than being school appropriate. Also students can do one maybe even two different projects and possibly get some extra credit for their work. This is just one example of how student-designed summer projects would be a good idea.

Although, It might be easier for teachers just to do all the planning themselves, actually it would much faster and less stressful if students came up with their own ideas because teachers plan everything students have to do for class already.

Teachers barley have time to grade students homework and let alone plan for all their classes.

Besides students need to learn how to do things on their own and use their brains and put something together.

Also it helps to gives students a chance to prepare themselves for college because a lot of college students have assignments that they have to come up with on their own.

For younger students who are in middle or elementary school it helps them for when they get to high school because there are classes where you have to come up with a topic and explain about that topic, without the help of a teacher.

This is another example of how student-designed summer projects would be a good idea.

In my own opinion if I was allowed to come up with my own summer project I wouldn't it mind, because I am a very creative person when it comes to projects.

I dislike the summer projects my teachers give out because it's the same thing they give every year which is genrally reading a book that has been choosen and the writimg about it.

There needs to be some type of change with summer projects.

Although some say summer assignments shouldn't be student-designed because it's not going to be as organized, actually it should be student-designed because it gives students the chance to be creative and it takes off the extra work for teachers.

In conclusion, Student-designed summer projects wouldn't be a bad idea.    