To the Principal:

Here is my thought on cell phones in school, there are many reasons kids have phones some are for friends, some for emergencies and others for just plain communication. If you were to take away cell phones completely in my opinion it would be a disaster. Families and students would complain. There are some occasions where students do need their phone for things like emergency's and even important messages from family.

First, taking away cell phones would cause numerous complaints. I know many kids that walk home, for many reasons I would want my kids to have a phone at all times just for their safety and I know many other parents would support this. At the middle school age kids are reckless and don't tend to think so some might go to a friends house forgetting to call home, if you have a cell phone your parents could reach you in this situation. There are also the rare family emergency where a student has to leave immediately so I think it would be nice to allow cell phones at least in free periods.

Second, I think students need a small break to communicate with friends or family during the stressful day. If students were allowed phones in free periods, it wouldn't hurt anything it would only help communication to family members. I know some friends of mine are required to have their phone with them at all times so their parents can check on them. I just don't think it could hurt academics in any way.

Next, safety could be threatened if students weren't allow to bring their phones to school. The kids that walk home from school could easily have something happen to them and without a cell phone no one would know. I know my parents definitely want me carrying my phone at all times just in case.

Finally, there are many reasons students need phones whether it's required by you parents for safety, or jus to kick back and relax for a second to communicate with friends and family. This is just my opinion cell phones. Thanks for your time

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME            