There are many challenges that come with the exploration of different planets. The one that is most facinating is the planet Venus. There could be many difiiculties to studying this planet. Scientist do not care because from ther studies this is the most earthlike planet in our solar system. Nasa wants to send people up there to Venus and get more information about what they are working with. Studying Venus would be a very dangerous and hard task to complete, although it is the most earthlike planet in the solar system, and it may be possible to send humans to the planet without injuring them.

There are many red flags about this planet Venus. As the passage says ¨ Numerous factors contribute to Venus? reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study...¨. This planets temperature is around 800 degrees Fahrenheit or more wich is way to hot for any human to surviive through. Venus is known to have the hottest surface temperature than any other planet. The preause was calculated to be 90 times greater than it is on earth. That type of preasure is enough to crush any one of us. Even though Venus is dangerous scientist see this planet to be the most simmilar to earth.

Venus is also called Earth? ¨twin¨, it is called that for many reasons. Like Earth Venus has a simmilar distance and size, it is also the closest planet as well. Venus has a rocky surface and looks as it has simmilar features to Earth. Things such as valleys, mountains, and even craters. It looks as if Venus could have even been covered in large ocenas which could support life form. Seeing these things NASA strives to send people up to the planet to investigate closer.

Although the conditions on Venus were really bad scientist believe that they could survive them using various technology. The solution to there problem would be to make a vechile that would hover over the surface. The astronaunts would float over the gasses and heat not touching a thing. They would have to be about 30 miles above the land to be at a safe distance. The temperature would still be pretty hot but it would be surviveable. Even if they are that high it would not be close enogh to gather samples and data from the planet.

Venus was and still is a certain thing that is hard to study, but scientist continue to try due to the fact that it is the most earthlike planet, and could be possible to send humans there. The author collected great data and research of this planet Venus finding out these following things. Venus is challenging to study and is dangerous. It is known to be the Earth? ¨twin¨ due to the fact that they have the most similarities. NASA has plans to send people up there to explore the planet one day. Venus does present many dangers that could be life threatining, but it would be nice to have more information about one of the planets that could once have life form for people to survive on.    