I disagree that student should have to do a activity after school or club or sports. After school students might can't do after school do to family problems, stressed, or just don't want to do those things. I also disagree because you can't force a person who dosen't want to do something you want them to do for after school.

family problems, a lot of student go through alot when it comes to family and just don't have the time because earthier something tradect happened or someone in there family died and thats hard on student when it comes to a family member dyeing or something bad happens. some students dont also have the time because there parent have to work and the student has to watch its brother or sister and just cant saty after school because of that. Student Can't stay after school because there parents need help around the house after school and sometimes they don't have a ride to get home or they don't have a bus to ride.

After school a lot of student are stressed because of school work, grades and homework. At school you sometimes a lot of classes and you just get really stressed because you can't keep up with the school work. Grades are a big factor at school because without good grades you sometimes can't do the stuff you want to and the grade affects some of your stuff. homework some kids dont have the time to stay after school because they have a lot of homework and sometimes home work affects your after school activities. Stressed is one of the biggest factors of not wanting to do after school.

Some students are not good at a lot of thing like sports, or clubs or they just dont like those things. Student shouldn't be forced to do something that they arent good at. sometimes they don't know what to do or they could get embarrassed in front of the kid that are good at it. They could make fun of those kids and laugh at them because they are not good at it what they were forced too do after school.

Conclusion- students should not have to do what they dont want to do after school because its just not right to force a student to do something they don't want to do after school