Are your students struggling to attend class on a daily basis and can't keep up with their work? Well, we are here to help. By doing online schooling, not only would students benefit from being able to attend classes at home, but because the students can go at their own pace, have no distractions, and have a better and more comfortable work environment.

However, some people might disagree with this and say students do not gain or benefit from attending an online class at home rather than attending to a public school. Others might say this because there are no distractions at public schools and the students can still go at their own pace. For example, students can still go at their same pace in the classroom because if the teacher is going too fast, then the student can tell the teacher to slow down. Nevertheless, there are other view points to consider.

To begin with, students would benefit from being able to attend online classes at home because students can go at their own pace. For example, while students are at home doing their online school work, they do not need to rush themselves and they can take it at the pace where they learn the material accurately and in the most effective way possible. Therefore, this would result in the students to attend their online classes more often because they are understanding the material while going at their own pace.

In addition, students would benefit from being able to attend online classes at home because there are no distractions. For example, by students not having any distractions at home because they are doing online work, this would help increase productivity and minimize side conversations rather than going to a public school. By doing this, the students doing online work will turn in their assignments on time which will help them in the near future. Thus being said, online classes from home would definitely benefit and encourage many students do their work instead getting distracted and having side conversations.

Finally, students can benefit from doing online classes by having a better and more comfortable work environment. By having a better and more comfortable work environment for students, this can help them in many different ways. For example, students that do online courses at home work better and more efficient because they can have more help from a teacher in a comfortable environment that the student can enjoy. By doing this, students tend to learn the material faster and in a better environment.

In conclusion, students would benefit from being able to attend online classes at home because they can go at their own pace, have no distractions, and work in a better and more comfortable work environment. By doing this, not only will students get many benefits from working at home, they will learn at their own pace. So the next time your students don't come to class, sign them up for online schooling.         