Do you ever just want to do something but have no clue how to do it? Well you may look it up or you may ask other people for advice. When you ask another person for advice it is probably better than looking it up because they have the experience of it, and what happened. But, when you get advice, do you get it from just one person, or multiple? Even though it takes up more time it is better to get advice from multiple people. I believe it is better to get advice from a few different people is because one person may have done it wrong, you can compare the different options, and you can see if there way of doing things is more valid.

It is better to get multiple opinions because the one person you ask may have done it wrong. If they did it wrong and things didn't turn out well, the may try to give you advice on it but probably won't give you the exact way of doing it correctly. If you got one opinion and put it on front of you you would think it is correct because it is all you have. But then, you get three opinions and put them in front of you, and two of them are the same and one is different, it would be obvious with way is better. So, having a few choices will give you a better chance doing it correct. Afterwards, you would probably be happy that you got multiple opinions.

The second reason that it is good to get a few opinions is because you can compare the different options. Like I said you are more incline to pick one way if there was more people doing it that way. Rather than just asking one person and having no other knowledge, asking three or more people will give you a better option at it and also what not to do. Also, while comparing them and thinking of what they did right and wrong, you may realize that you may have a better way to do it. Another reason to compare is that everyone you asked may be wrong and if you compare, and ask more people, you will eventually find the correct way of doing it.

The last reason I have for this is that the more people you ask, the more valid. If you ask one person it is a fifty-fifty chance of being right or wrong. So if you ask ten people it will be more clear what the right way of doing it is. Think of a science experiment, the more times you do it, the more valid your turn out is. Just like that the more people the more valid. One you determine the one that has the most validity will probably be your way of doing it.

After the process of going through all of your options, you will most likely find the most valid way of doing whatever you are trying to do. It depends on the amount of people that you ask and how you compare different ways, maybe even making up your own way to do it. The amount of different ways to do something is almost endless. That is why I think that you should get more opinions, to see if any are wrong so you will not repeat them, compare them, and choose the most valid.