Students around the world always wish to attend classes at home, or even video conferences just to stay at home. Therefore some of the students never thought how its going to effect them from graduating and moving up in life. When we go to school the teachers, consular, and even our friends there for us when we need the help. Students like us mostly think home is our way to escape from school and get away from everything.

It can really effect students grades and mind set about colleges; But they never thought how it can help them from going to school instead of doing online classes. What if we stay home; we can confused easily just by something very small. Although we are at school, if we got a questions or have a issue with something personal and dont want to tell your parents about it, we have consular's, teachers, and even friends around us that will help you. If you want to know about colleges or even about your GPA your consular are at the school open to talk to any students. Our consular are always here for the students even if they dont answer they emails on time. Even when our consular out, students also have their teachers if they have questions about some great colleges.

When students have online classes they probably doesn't get the help students at school get when they having trouble. What if you get stuck on a question or having trouble understanding a question; they gonna have to email the teacher but sometimes teachers don't answer on time because they teaching a class. If you think about it, it would be better if you are there in class getting the lesson so if you have a question you can ask them it. When students at home doing the online classes, they would probably skip the class and just fail the class. But students at school when they do skip they get caught up because they would go to one class and skip the rest and think they would get caught and maybe make up the class. Being at home doing the classes you would probably have trouble catching up since you would fail the class unless you go to summer school.

SOL, Its very important for students like us to pass it to graduate. The Students that goes to school; around SOL times they start staying after school getting help or just getting extra credit so they can pass that class also too graduate. When you doing online classes or video conferences some of the teachers doesn't required extra help because you take online classes, but its all up to the teacher you have. Some people when they do online classes they do it because they don't got to worry about getting help or graduating; they want to have a excuse to not do it. Graduating is very important, you need to graduate so you can get your future job or anything. So its very important to try your hardest to pass high school and come to school to get the help you need now..

Students should want to come to school to get what they need to leave high school. Even if you don't like school, maybe try to come because your friends are here; just try your best to gradate, get the help you need to get out of high school without doing online classes or video conferences.