The thought of participating in class activities from home is appealing to majority of society. Some schools have offered distance learning in their program for students wanting to learn from home. Many students get involved in accidents or situations that prevent them from arriving to school. Due to advancements in technology, student can have video conferences with their teachers. Students should benefit from attending classes from home because it allows for better communication, comfortable learning environments, and more attention to details.

First, students would benefit from taking classes at home by improving their communication with their teachers. During school hours, students may never get to fully understand the concept the teacher is teaching, for many other students are answering or asking the teacher's questions. Students working from home allows for them to sent emails, or rewind previous statements an instructor may have said. While in school, student may have a difficult time getting others to follow instructions or work together. Working from home allows students to have better communication and understanding of each other, and what they would be best for in an assignment.

An other way, students would benefit from involving themselves in classes at home is by having comfortable learning environments. At school, students normally sit at tables or desk; however, this can make the student extremely uncomfortable and distract them of the task presented to them. When at home, student have free roam to sit, stand, or lay down in any position they feel satisfied with. Many teachers have problems with food or beverages in their class rooms. While learning at home, a student can eat breakfest, lunch, or dinner without distracting the class, and students can learn more without having to get a break at home.

Some people will believe that students will get distracted easily when participating in class at home;however, student are more attentive while at home than at school. Many people have friends, family, or loved ones while at school. This can be distracting in various ways, but while at home, students are alone and have more time to focus on their school work. Students in every grade level are easily disturbed when someone they are acquainted with is around. While at home, parent can prevent disturbances in the household to allow the child to focus on their work.

Better communication, comfortable learning environments, and more attention to details are benefits of students attending classes from home. Student should be giving a chance to prove their independence and dedication to educational learning. By allowing students to work from home, they improve in all aspects of life, and they become successful individuals. Many people would be surprised to witness the changes it would bring to education. School districts should allows for students to work from home.        