Hey state senator, I'm writing this letter because I want to change the elections by popular vote for the president of the United States. In the passages say "The Electoral College process consists of selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for president and Vice President, and the counting of electoral votes by Congress." (Source 1, by Office of the Federal Register) I think the people should vote for the president they want to rule the country, also i think is unfair because people have a voice and they can choose for whoever they want. "Under the electoral college system, voters voe not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president" (Source 2, by Bradford Plumer) Why voting for slate electors when you can vote for the president right away, it is a wate of time. As the passage was saying "The Electoral College is widely regarded as a anachronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner." (Source 3, by Richard A. Posner) This means that Electoral College prosses is out of age and non-democratic.

Some people might think that the Electoral College is right. "The Constitution as a compromise between electon of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." (Source 1, by the Office of the Federal Register) This shows us that the electors are better qualified than ordinary people, they know what the country needs and who is better to rule it.

Indeed, the Electoral College is unfair and a waste of time. who will know what is better of the country than the people who walks in it everyday, who has seen what is going on and who is fighting for making this country a better place for the future. "It's official: The Elrctoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational." (Source 2, by Bradford Plumer) That is why I think it should be abolish the electoral college.            