Having the option for students to do online school could be more beneficial and convent for some families, but it does have negatives that come along with it. Going to an online school would mean that the students would not have to physically go to school anymore, which would mean there wouldn't be any transportation issues, which some families might have. A negative is if your internet stops working you can't do the school work. If your computer or electronic device has issues you also cannot do the school work. Since you don't have to leave the house, you have a less of a chance of being absent. It would be cheaper to go to online school because you don't have to buy school food every day or spend gas money going to school. Online school should only be an option for the students who might need it the most.

For some students and families, it can be hard to have transportation and commute to school on a daily basis. Because of having these issues with transportation, students can be absent because they have no way of getting to school. Students may not go to a school close to their home so maybe they are not any buses around the area and cannot walk to school. Students could also use Uber or Lyft to get to school but that would be very expensive and not all families can afford to do that. Some students parents may have to go to work and not have the time in their schedule to give their child a ride to and from school everyday. So, they would benefit from online school because they would not have to go anywhere and can attend school from home.

There are some negatives to online school. Classes and tuition cost can be expensive and the supplies needed for those classes. Some online classes can cost a lot of money, more than people can afford and maybe thats why they go to a public school because it is cheaper. Going to an online school would require internet on a daily basis. Not everyone has internet or a stable internet connection so that would make it harder to do online school. The internet might be down and then you can't do the school work until it comes back up. During storms, the power may go out in your neighborhood but not at the school that you would attend. You can't do online school if there is no power but you can do paper work if there is no power because you have it on paper. If your computer breaks then you can't do any online school and most people can't afford to buy a new computer as soon as it breaks.

There are many positives to online school. If you go to an online school, you won't have to worry about classmates. People can be loud and goof around a lot in school which could affect your learning. There are also some teachers who are out there and they can't teach or who make it hard for students to understand the information that they are trying to teach. Some students may be visual learners and it is hard for them to learn and understand the concept that the teacher is teaching but it could be easier for them online because it has more visual content than actual school. In school, there is always drama. But in online school, there isn't going to be any drama. People in public school get bullied on a day by day basis but in online school, this wouldn't be a problem. You also wouldn't be involved in any drama in online school. There are also many things that can happen in school that could be caused by another student. Fires,fights,school shootings have happened before in public school and this can all be avoided by being in online school. There would be less risk in going to online school because you are in your own home. Some people may also like to be alone in school, but get bothered a lot in school. But removing the risk of having the chance to be bullied is a very good thing because people who are bullied can do bad things to harm them selves due to the bullying and the things that could be said to them.

Going to online school has its positives and negatives. Having to not have to deal with people and can focus on your self more is a good compared to having other people in your class who might not care about their education. There wouldn't be any transportation issues because online school is at home. But online school could be more expensive compared to public school. But you may not be able to do school some days because of the internet being bad or computer problems. Online school is best and beneficial for the students who really need it the most.