With the new use of technology, the ability to read someones emotion by the simpliest look is within our grasp. The ability to read your emotion is easy as said done. Why not put something like this that can read out faces inside school. Traspass their privacy. Even so, during school it would not come in handy with any student anytime during the day. Being watched by a face recongnition in the home of many, is an event many would not agree with.

During the school year, for example, a high school. Where would a Facial Action Coding System fit into? This would not benifit our education other than waste it. The new technology being used on students to detect their emotions is a privacy violation. Students would not want their face being read and pictured by a new face detection. For example, in the story it says, "Imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions." With this being said, this technology invades our space. Some students don't want their emotions being let out; they might want it to keep that private information to themselves, unless they realease it by themselves. This could happen to anyone, even without them realizing it. For example, sitting in the right position across from the Facial Action Coding System, the victims emotion may be violated without their concent. In the story it reads, "...if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a smiliar ad might follow. But if ou frown, the next ad will be different." This text shows a program reading your face in real time for all the time you are on your own laptop. Having your own computer reading your face every second while being in your own home would not be welcomed to many. It's a violation to privacy to use and our freedom.

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System would not be of use for students. Our minds and face are focused in a different direction rather than facing this machine to read out emotions. Whether this new technology is useful or not, it would not be of good use for a classroom full of faces.