Have you ever imagined how schools will be like in 100 years or how people will get their education 100 years from now?

It will most likely be the same way as right now, the same style we've been using long before 100 years ago. The education system hasn't changed a lot since my parents have gone to school or since their parents have gone to school. All schools should offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Some people say students will not benefit from learning at home but they will benefit because they are less likely to get distracted by friends or classmates, it helps students learn in an environment where they feel more comfortable and confident, and students can learn more because it's at their pace and they can get one on one help.

Students are less likely to get distracted by friends or classmates if the school offers distance learning as an option for students because it will be just the student and he or she won't have any friends to waste time with. When I was in 3rd grade I had a lot of friends in my class and we would just mess around with each other and have fun instead of learning. My grades that year dropped I never payed attention in class because all my focus was on my friends. The next year I was in class with none of my friends and I did a lot better, my grades were good and I was doing good on tests and projects. Everything was great, but there was one problem in the second semester I sat next to the most disrespectful and annoying kid ever, he was a big distraction that would not stop talking and I could not learn.

Students will learn in an environment where they feel more comfortable and confident, at home I do not have to worry about being judged or made fun of. I feel like I have more confidence when I am at home and a recent Stanford study shows that students learn and understand 15% more informantion when they are in a postive mindset and environment. I don't have to worry about getting into drama or someone trying to bother me.

When students learn at home they learn more because it's at their pace and they can get one on one help. During class sometimes the teachers goes through the lesson fast and there are some things I am unclear about because everyone learns at different paces and I am scared of asking becasue I feel everyone is gonna think I am dumb. When I don't ask my question during the class I make sure to ask after school and get some extra help. If students learn at home and get taught by video conferencing there is no need for students like me to spend time after school because it is one on one and you can just ask the question there without the fear of judgement.

While some people might say students shouldn't be given the option to learn at home because they can cheat and will not be productive; however, they will benefit because they are less likely to get distracted by friends or classmates, it helps students learn in an environment where they feel more comfortable and confident, and students can learn more because it's at their pace and they can get one on one help. 