Do you ever have a yearning to have an experience where you help people, and see new places? I had one of those eye-opening trips myself when I took part in being a Seagoing Cowboy. All citizens should participate in this program. In this essay, I will explain why this program should include you in the next trip overseas.

When having deep affection for men and women who have served in wars such as World War Two, you long to give help back to them in repayment. That is why it feels so amazing to sail overseas with vital needs for discouraged people, such as animals or food. I have served for nine trips(the longest contributed by any Seagoing Cowboy), because it gives yourself satisfaction to keep youself busy with activities that lift people's spirits. If you join this program, you can feel like a warrior in different ways.

On these trips overseas, you can also live through rewarding and beautiful sites. With our free time in other countries, we had the opprotunities to see the Acropolis in Greece, and parts of China. We also got to experience what a gondola ride in Italy felt like through streets of water. Visualizing these historic places really make you want to see more of the world, and keep helping our world's health.

People opposed to the UNRRA may have many doubts why you would risk the danger and time. It is true that you sail where destructive and gruesome battles have taken place, but you can visualize the importance of why you need to help those citizens who have lost so much. Even though some may also state that it is too much scrificed time away from home, the time goes by fast while playing fun and relaxing games such as:fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and tennis tournaments. There are many reasons why you can make up for risks and sacrifices on this trip to pass time or feel more connected to your service.

Becuase of the ways this trip is so benificial to participants, it is a great program to take part in. Seeing beautiful sites and repaying soldiers help you analyze so much more about other places and war. For many people, it concludes as an opprotunity of a lifetime, that will never be forgotten. For these reasons, all citizens should participate in the UNRRA program overseas.