Students are children, but when schools force them to stay in schools for an extra curricular activity, when are they allowed to be care-free children? Students are more likely to endure stress if time is taken away from them, especially with it is mandated by the school. Most students already feel pressured with the amount of homework that is needed, so when time is taken for Soccer Club, it isn't fair to them. The overwhelming feeling of having to stay after school without the students consent enforces the limited time they have to be a child. The need to have each student participate in one extracurricular activity will have a negative impact for various reasons such as the carelessness on money habits, increase of excessive behavior, and parental enforcement for schedules.

Moreover, the increase of money will revenue towards after school activities rather than going to the better needs for students. Teachers will be working overtime with no pay, and the money towards supplies for extra curricular activities will be spent in a reckless manner. Rather than spending money on new laptops for all students to use, the money will go towards sports activities. Also the teachers will be teaching an extra class with no say, especially if every student is to stay after school. Many teachers may miss time out on their basic needs for after school activities. For comparison, it is as if someone worked a whole day and never got paid, and missed out time to be with their family. Lastly, the money that goes into extracurricular activities will not go to the pockets of hard-working teachers.

Furthermore, the work of teachers will be obsolete because of the excessive behavior that will be endured when having every student participate in an extracurricular activity. For example, when I was participating in Coding Club, I was ecstatic to be in a new club where I could truly learn. Until a group of students started to mess around, they were playing games on the computers and throwing the computers. As a result, the Coding Club had to be shut down and I was devastated. Not only did they choose not to care about the club, it is that they were showing no remorse towards the teacher and other students. This is bound to happen again, especially when all students must attend a extracurricular activity. Students will choose not to care and it will create a domino affect of misery for both students and teachers.

Continuing, parents will be enforced to have a certain job schedule due to the enforced extra activities which may cause many to be upset with the new rule. The need to have one day of an extra curricular activity will not only be a burden to the students participating, but the parents as well. Parents may not be able to pick up their child at a certain time because of their work schedule. Buses may be put in use because of this, but then will also interfere with the schools budget. This will be in the fault of the school since the rule is mandatory, and this will also force the parent to be at a certain time to pick up their child. If the parent is not able to, this will cause the student to stay at school, waiting for their parent to pick them up. This causes the child to miss out on day-to-day needs, such as homework. Students and parents will have a burden for other activities and needs because of the need of participation in an activity once a week.

Subsequently, one extracurricular activity will have a negative impact due to the reckless spending of money, student's uncontrolled behavior, and interference with parents' job schedules. The money that will go towards extra activities will not go for the students needs. The untamed behavior of students will interfere with the teachers unpaid work when having every student participate in an extracurricular activity. Adding on, parents will have to change job schedules to pick up their child from school on time, which may interfere with the parents job. Education enforced every day on a daily basis on a student, so when they are enforced to stay after school with no say, it is unfair to the student and parent.