How often do you trust your own judgment? Some people trust their own opinion completely, and others not so much. Asking people for advice is such a natural thing to do, that we sometimes dont even realize when we are doing it. Everyone needs guidance, but not everyone wants it. I think seeking other peoples opinions can help someone make a better choice because you can see it from another perspective, you receive guidance, and it could help you make a rational decision.

No one is the same, so everyone has a different way of doing things. We all see things a little differently; which is what makes us all unique. If you have a problem or situation, and you cant decide what the best approach would be, you should ask someone else what they would do. They will most likely be glad you asked them, and give you their opinion on the situation. Having a different point of view can sometimes help you see things in a different light. You may change your mind, or decide to stay with your original thought or plan. Either way, it will help you get one step closer to solving your problem.

Humans need guidance to live, because without it we wouldn't know how to do anything on our own. We needed guidance to take our first steps, we needed guidance to ride a bike, we even needed guidance to learn how to put our own shoes on every morning. We would live in a world of chaos if we didn't have the guidance we need from our family, teachers, and friends. Nothing would make since, and we wouldn't be able to function properly. Asking for guidance on what to do is not a bad thing, and we should all do it more often. Sometimes you just don't know what to do; which can cause people to make bad decisions. Asking for help or guidance could potentially help you, even if it does not seen that way at first.

If you are having a problem, and you are stressed out; it can lead you to do things in ways that are more problematic then they are helpful. Everyone's brain processes things in a different way that helps them, although sometimes the things that seem like good ideas in the moment, may only make things worse. Sometimes when we ask someone that is calm, then we can find other ways to deal with the situation in a way that will actually help. It may even give you some time to calm down. One irrational decision or action could ruin everything, so it is important to ask someone else what they would do.

I think seeking for other peoples opinions can help someone make a better choice because you see it from a different perspective, you receive guidance, and it could help you make a rational decision. Of course we all need to learn how to solve things on our own, but no one ever said we couldn't have some help along the way. Even some of the smartest people had to ask for help. No one ever accomplished anything without any advice, so why should we have to?