Drivless cars has its cons and pros to it, but i would say it's a bad idea. Drivers have already enough on their plate when driving because not only do they have to keep themselves safe but also the people in the car and other cars that share the same road. Also the coast of this car would be outrageous. Most Americans would not be able to afford that luxery. The "driverless" car is also not something that represnts its name. When I think about "driverless" car I think about cars that have no need for divers even in the passaenger seat. These cars are not what they say they are, they only can drive when its easy and they alerat you when they could not be able to drive anymore. If companies are going to makes a driverless car they should go all out and not excite the consumers with hopes and lies.

In America it will always come down to one thing, money. How much time and research will it take to produce this car? "In the late 1950s, General motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track ... track was embedded with an electrical vale that sent radio signals to a reciever on the front end of the car" also "Engneers at Berkeley tried soemthing similar, but they used magnets with alternating polarity.. in binary code". While both of these test and ideas were a great invention the article stated it was just too expensive. Is this centurys technology different or more advance. America is 19 trillion dollars in debt this past year and the debt is only rising. If these cars would undergo production that would be a lot of money to produce and they would sell them for a lot more to the buyers, a luxery many americans can't afford. Then they would be left with no buyers and a ton of un-used cars, it would truely be a waste of money. Thats even saying if they can compose the car correctly.

There are also many other factors when it comes to testing and trying to produce these driverless cars. "In most states it is iligal to test computer-driven cars" so where do the comanies like GMC, BMW, and other companies that produce cars will test their cars. Testing the cars in safety and how it works is a must but what are the car companies going to do if they ever do get approved with their car. Laws in every state would have to shift and new laws would have to be created. Also new insurance policys would have to be created. All of this adds up to be a lot of money, something most amercians do not have.

In ever case of an acident, who's fualt woudl it be, driver or manufactuer? With the new laws that would have to be passes with this driverless car new libility coverages would have to be passes and bought by the consumers. Many question will arrise fromt he consumers. Their car insurance will defiantly go up just in cae of an accident. If an accident ever did occur in the hand of the driverless car, that never alerted the driver to take control, insurance would have to cover it of course but its not the drivers fualt for a malfunction in the car. The manufacture should be the one the pay the accident. Another con would be if the manufactur should on take the responsiblity and a even bigger accident happend like a death and the driver blammed it on the driverless car, who would go to jail then. These are many the factors one should think about before putting the driverless car in the market.

"Tesla has projected release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 precent of the time. Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020". The driverless cars are already an undergo in production. No laws have been passed yet that could be able to drive this driverless car except California,Nevada,Florida, and the District of Columbia have allowed to only test cars. If these big car comapies decide to start working on and producucing thses cars they are going to have a while until they can start selling them due to no state allows american to drive. Thats more money they spent in pruduction that they will not see back right away. They will cuase Amercia to be more in debt.                       