Using cars can be a damage to our enviroment. It could cause smog and that can damage our lungs. According to the article "Paris bans driving due to smog", it says that "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." What Paris is doing is correct they want to get rid of the smog and the only way to do it is to get rid of the cars. Paris has more smog then other European capitals. Somes other type of trasportation a person can take instead of cars are hiking,skating, take a bus and also walking.

In the article "In German Surburb,Life Goes On Without Cars" Heidrun Walter states "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Having a car is always stressful you always have to think if your car needs gas or your always stuck in traffic. Without a car we don't have to worry about things like that. Not having a car is always helpful for people's body, they go out more for walks and that helps them be more active. in the article "The End of Car Culture" they are asking them self "Has America passed peak driving?". In these year there are not some many cars in the streets as there used to be. People perfer to take a bus or ride there bikes to work.

Using a car can also be a benift. How can people get to places that are far away, not by walking or not taking the bus. What happens if the theb route your taking dosen't go where you need to be. The perfect solution is getting a car. You can car-pool your friends. However the gas price keeps going up. All the money you spend on your car bill. Use it for taking you family to eat or the one year family trip. In the article"" a mother says that her 19 and 21 year old are not interested in getting there driver license "They are interested but it's not a priority. They organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public trasportation or car-pool with friends." I would perfer to take the bus or walk somewhere then to go on car. In the bus you can meet new people and make a friendship. And walking is a good form of exercise.

In Conclusion limiting car usage is good, there would be less smog and it can be a health environment for the oldest and youngest persons living in this planet. Limiting car usage you can also take it as a form of exercise, walking, taking your bike to work or school. And also,why waste all your money on your car bill?.SAVE UP!!.Lets limited our car usage.               