Yes, I do think School's should offer online class; for the students who live far away, or any students who would like to take a online course. It is very beneficial for students who learn better in a quieter environment. There are up's and down's for online classes. Some positive things could be, Its taken online, where ever you want, on your laptop, computer, smart phone, tablet. Some negative things could be, you feel like you have enough time to finish your work but the deadline sneaks up on you or if you have bad internet. It has for me, when I took an online course over the summer.

I once took an online class through my public high school. It was terrific, I had received a total score of eighty-eight percent in that online course. The course I took was Algebra two, and I took the course over the summer when I was in Generic_City. I did have many complications when I was there. I had terrible internet over there, because I had many cousins visiting and so many electronics devices were connected. The online course site was terribly made, it wasn't student friendly at all. The site froze many time when I was using it. It had many other computer bugs too.

The only good thing about the online course that I liked, was that you can turn in your assignment any time before the course actually ends, it will not cause you to lose points. When I was taking the online course, I wasn't doing much I was just goofing around with my cousins and not getting my assignments submitted. I was really behind by four or five chapters. When the deadline was coming up, I started doing the assignments after everyone was asleep. I stayed awake for three days straight, until I had finished all my assignments.

Online classes are really beneficial for the students who like to work in a quiet area, also the students who don't like to come to school. These online classes take nine months of information and work and fit it to three months of work. Schools should have online courses for the students who want to take it.