Distance learning

What is the benefit of having distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing? thinking about taking online classes or video conferencing is not a good idea and it doesn't benefit the students as much in my opinion. When you take online classes or video conferencing, you have to be able to teach yourself the class that you're taking online and also, taking online classes are much harder and there is nothing to motivate you to do your work when you're at home.

However, learning from long distance, such as online classes or video conferencing is harder and you need to put much more effort in it and try harder for it. You should know that once you take an online class, there is no teacher to teach you the topic that you're taking online or explain something to you that you might not understand and have struggle with learning it. It is really complicated to take an online class because, in my opinion, you can learn much more and understand when you're at school and you're teachers are explaining everything to you and try their best to help you understand the topic. you might think with taking online classes your life would be much easier, because you don't come to school and obviously you are going to have more time for anything else , but you have to realize that you're not going to understand the topic as much as you would understand when you're at school.

Distance learning, also make the students lazy. When they are home,there is nothing to motivate them to get to work. taking an online class, expect going to school is not a smart idea, because no teenager would want to be home and study, its just hard when you're not at school , because when you're not at school , its like you dont have to do your work and you might not care as much. for example; just imagine how much more you're motivated to work out when you're at gym because of the environment that you're in than working out at home,it's just a big difference,and this is exactly just like taking an online class expect going to school.

some people argue that taking online classes is much better and they like it much more, but in my opinion as a teenager I don't think online classes are worth it, because you don't try for it and you don't take it that serious and also it is harder and you have to do so much more work.