Have you seen or heard about the Face on Mars. You probably have on its been starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazinesw, radio talk shows, even in grocery store checkouts lines for 25 years! NASA is researching this closely. The Face is just a natural landform because how would aliens make a face in the middle of Mars? Why would they? In Mars there's all sort of natural landforms so who knows?

How would aliens make a face in Mars? Why? I don't know either its kind of seems impossible. Aliens might have step on it to make it look like a Face but they would have made it on purpose. To me it does look like an Egyptian Pharaoh but back then they were barely finding out what Mars was or didn't even know about Mars. On April 5, 1998 the Mars Global Surveyor flew over to Cydonia they took pictures then times sharper than the original pictures, then when the image first appeared on a JPL website, revealing it was a natural landform. There was no alien manument after all.

In Mars theres all sort of natural landforms created by Mars weather that makes landforms look cool and interesting. When NASA send viking 1 it was circling the planet getting phtos of possible landing sites for its sister ship Viking 2, when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. Thats when NASA started reseaching it. In April 5, 1998, it was proven that it was just natural landform. Through the years the face starts cracking and fading away because of the weather. The weather of Mars is usually unpredictable, but usually cold. Also the wind in Mars is pretty commen and it makes the land look like a lot of weird things!

So Mars makes all type of natural landforms and why would aliens make a face in Mars? How? I dont know either. Its all of about Mars weather that makes this natural landforms, but its mostly the wind. It looks like an Egyption Pharoah but later on it starts disappearing because of the conditions of Mars. So don't let those "unrealistic" aliens trick you.           