Dear fellow citezens of America it has come to my attention that pollution in the United States is getting worse so I have a solution use cars less. It is simple, this will help cut pollution in the U.S as the second biggest polluting factor is gone and can actually help you with a better social life as well as helping rebuild the community.

As mentioned earlier,cars are the second leading cause of pollution in the U.S and cutting that will help stop some pollution by stopping one of the biigest causes. Stopping the use of cars will cut the carbon in the air and this in turn can lead to a healthier lifestyle as well. There are many neighborhoods that are car-less and we have recieved good results from said neighborhoods as well as car free day is becoming a hit in Columbia as well as other parts in central America. This will also make smog a less likely occurence as no car fumes are getting trapped therefore, cleaner, unpolluted air. This will help prevent the same pollution levels like in Paris pop up here.

A life without cars can also posotivly affect the social lives of many people. As people are more likely to just walk and talk with freinds or just walk or bike to the park. people in car-less communitys like Vauban have even said they feel less stress now that they don't have cars. Young Americans have even started loseing intrests in cars and would rather take public transport or carpool with freinds then just take their own car. And as a result are tighter with their freinds and family then before.

People who use cars for transport are less likely to use the sidewalk or ride their bike and as a result sidewalks and bike paths are uneven and ragged.  Therefore without cars, things like disrepaired sidewalks or roads would come to our attention. For example Car Free Day in Columbia led to the repair of sidewalks and 118 miles of bike roads and more sport centers parks and shopping districts have started to pop up. Getting rid of cars can help us rebuild the community with more parks and public centers and hangouts. This will also lead to better security as less people will get hit by cars, less car accidents and overall better security.

In conclusion my fellow citezens, please consider makeing this community car-less. for their are many advantages for doing so in this community from the enviromental, to the social and to the health benefits.                       