"School sucks, school is boring," everyone has either said this before or has heard it before, to make school not boring you have to allow students to learn the topics that interest them and that they feel are important to know. Students who are given the opportunity to pursue their own ideas, topics, and imagination will better prepare them for the project and just life in general. The teachers are there to help students learn and understand ideas, but students one day will have to learn to make their own decisions and grow up. Students love and enjoy school when they learn about topics that interest them, entertain them, and even challenges them. If schools that require summer projects they should allow students to choose their own topics because students will recall the information they learned, allows the students to grow up and mature off their own decisions, and will expand their imaginations.

Expanding ones imagination might be the single most important thing a school can do for a student. When Martin Luther King said " I have a dream," that wasn't something he read out a book, or saw in class, it was him imagining a better life for his family, friends, and all people who were fighting for equal rights. Imagination is the key to having a happy life, you get to learn about things that you would never think of, and even become something you would never think would ever happen, like becoming a contractor. Giving students the chance to make their own decisions for themselves is possibly the best thing you can do for them to allow them to grow up. If you can believe the impossible, think the unthinkable, believe the unbelievable, then why is it hard for schools to allow their students to do so.

When students don't care about what your teaching and have no motivation to learn the topic, students will just not pay attention and recall nothing that you have taught. Being able to recall information and understand it well is very important, but most students can't just recall information that they don't care about at all. Allowing a student to choose a topic for one project for summer could be the way to getting to know a student, or to just allow them to learn information that they didn't even know they enjoy. Recalling information is part of the human brain, but the less you like and enjoy the information the less your gonna remember what you learned. Teachers will not always provide the greatest projects so letting students choose will allow them to learn and even recall what they learned because they actually care about the topic.

Becoming an adult includes maturing, and being able to make decisions yourself, then why do we get told what to do twenty-four seven at school. If babied throughout the rest of school we will never mature enough for the real world, which will leave a rude awakening for most kids. All it takes is one little thing like allowing us to pick our project, it will give us the responsibility we need to become better students and overall better humans. "How can we trust you to actually do it," some might say, it could be true some students might choose not to do it, which is dumb but could happen, doesn't mean it will, but you will have to put trust in students at some point because they are the next generation. All that has to happen is to put a little faith in each and everyone of your students and see what happens. Just give it a try, you gotta start somewhere.

Expanding students imaginations, allowing them to mature and grow up, and allowing students to recall important information is all schools have to do for students, so why make life hard and make students do things that they don't want to do at all, allow them to choose their topics. Allow their imaginations take over the world, allow them to make mistakes and just allow them to learn the right way. I'll leave you with this when your gone who's gonna be left to take over the earth, so treat each student the way you would want to be treated.         