Distance learning, also known as home bound or other various names, would be beneficial for a select group of students. While it might not be a positive experience for every child, it should be offered for the individuals that are interested or for whom it is needed.

Distance learning would be beneficial for students who have chronic illnesses. If these students were enrolled in a traditional school, they would most likely have poor attendance due to their health issues. This poor attendance would lead to many missed lessons and extra assignments that the student would be responsible for. Students with chronic illnesses have busy and stressful lives aside from their schoolwork. Distance learning would allow these students to receive their education in a more flexible way. This would also allow teachers to save time by not needing to bring a student up to speed on what is currently being taught in the classroom. If these students were allowed to attend and participate in online video conferences, they would be able to maintain a connection with their fellow students. This could help engage certain students who otherwise feel disconnected with their peers. Their education would also not be delayed due to them missing school.

Another group who would benefit from the option of distance learning is students who have extremely busy schedules outside of school. Many students in our current generation are stressed and overworked due to attempting to balance school, sports, jobs, and other extra curricular activities. Distance learning would be a beneficial option for these students because it would allow them more time to split between these activities. This option would suit these students' demanding schedules. If these students were given the option of distance learning they would be able to work school into their schedule where they see fit. Attending school in a brick building from 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. simply does not work with certain people's personal schedules. Again, it is education presented in a more flexible way, rather than traditional learning.

There are many students who suffer from ADHD, ADD, and other attention disorders. Certain students of this group would benefit from the option of distance learning. This does not apply to every student with attention disorders, however, for some, it is extremely difficult for them to focus in a traditional learning environment. Distance learning would give these students an option that would allow them to pay attention to what is being taught. These students education's could be hindered due to these disorders if they are not placed in an environment where they can thrive.

A large number of high school students today suffer from mental health issues. The most common of these being anxiety and depression. The root of these disorders vary, however, many students do not find it positive to be enrolled in a traditional learning environment. For some of these students the root of their issue is school itself or the environment they are in during the school day. Due to bullies, issues with teachers, or other reasons, some students benefit from the alternative of learning outside of school. Presenting distance learning brings forward an option that will allow them the time and space needed to better themselves.

There is a large number of students that would benefit from the option of distance learning. Students with chronic illnesses, busy schedules, attention disorders, and mental health disorders are only a few of the many. Select students simply do not do well in a traditional learning environment. If presented with the option of distance learning, these students would possibly be given an option where they can thrive in an individualized learning environment. 