Man kind has always invisioned a magical future. A future that includes time travel, flying, and driverless cars. The basis for a plethora of T.V. shows and movies has been based on these very ideas. What if one idea of this imagined future was closer than thought possible? Driverless cars are no longer an idea for the future. Driverless cars have become an idea of the present. In paragraph 2, it states that since 2009, Google has had cars developed that can drive themselves under certain conditions. Driverless cars may face some difficulties, but the pros do outway the cons. I believe that driverless cars should be made because they allow safe multitasking for the driver, give safer conditions while driving, and set the bar higher for future technological goals.

The cars deemed as the future allow endless possiblities for productiveness with the driver. The self driving cars let the driver catch up on paperwork, or let them make an important call. The cars could also just be nice for a relaxation time. This wouldn't be considered a safety hazard because manufacturers working on this driverless car are involving notifications for when the driver is needed. Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW project manager, states how they would deal with difficulties involving this in paragraph 8. BMW is working on making driving interesting, so that the driver wouldn't just get bored as the car drives itself. Some manufacturers are working on bringing in display boards or some type of information system to make it interesting. But when the driver is needed in tough conditions, the displays are turned off and the driver is notified when needed. Every concern is listed with a solution in paragraph 8.

The car overall becomes safer, rather than just the action of multitasking. With regular cars, the driver has to keep eye for danger themselves. With the driverless car, it is involved that the car informs the driver when they are needed or if a rough situation is ahead. The driver would be notified by some type of sensor. The sensors have been around since as early as the 1980s, as stated by paragraph 5. The sensors in the car can cause brakes to be applied and can reduce power from the engine. The car would have a greater response and greater control than a human driver ever could. Paragraph 5 tells about the sensors and tells about how improvements for sensors are still underway to this day. In paragraph 7, it states that a driver can take control also, and will be needed in tough situations. Drivers can still have a sense of control over their car.

Driverless cars also inspire others to shoot for high goals in the technological field. Every technological advance has been inspired by some other tehcnological discovery. Just recently, a new fad had come along called hover boards. But these hover boards weren't the ones seen in the Back to the Future franchise, these hoverboards were inspired by them, but didn't exactly hover. Still, the creators of this type of hover board were inspired from a different technological idea. Great strides in technology or ideas for technology make us want to move further. In paragraph 6, Sebastian Thrun, the founder of the Google car project, stated, "There was no way, before 2000, to make something interesting. The sensors weren't there, the computers weren't there, and the mapping wasn't there. Radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. It wasn't something you could buy at Radio Shack." His basic idea, was that as time went on and technology got intensely better, so did the technological ideas. These self driving cars could inspire even more magnificent ideas for the future.

In conclusion, these cars not only let the driver mutlitask safely, they just in general make driving safer. These cars could inspire the greatest invention in history. Technology is based off of other technology. The pros for self driving cars outway the cons for a plethora of reasons. Driverless cars are closer than one thinks, and are safer than one thinks. In paragraph 10, it states that Tesla has a release date for 2016 for the driverless car and Nissan plans to have cars that are driverless by 2020. Driverless cars are the now and they are worth it.