Extracurricular activities are very good for kids. I believe making students participate in different activities can be a benefit for them. Not only would it be good for the students but I believe it can make schools healthier and have a better environment. There are many activities students can choose from so every kid can do something to fit his or her interests. I agree with making kids participate in different activities because by making students participate in extracurricular activities then kids can build friendships and bonds with one another, students can learn how to work with a team, and students can stay active with certain activities.

First of all, if students have to do different school activities then it can help them build new friendships or bonds. If a student wants to go out of his or her comfort zone and try something new then they might meet new people. If a student wants to keep it the same and do something he or she is interested in then students can be around people that share the same interests. Making new friends is always good for kids, especially in school. If student were to make new friends I believe it can make school healthier for kids.

Second, I believe that if students participate in certain activities, then kids can learn to work with a team. Students that play sports, work with the yearbook club, and serve for student council all work with with team members and can learn how to work as a team. Learning how to work with a team is good for students because it will benefit towards them when they get a job. Working with a team can also teach kids to work with other people that they might not know. Good teamwork is very good for students and can benefit the school by making it a better place.

Lastly, I believe by participating in extracurricular activities then it can help kids be more active and healthy. Participating in sports is a great way for students to stay active and healthy. Track is a good sport that all kids can do because it is non contact, kids can be outside, and there are no tryouts. Being active can also keep kids nowadays from being to overweight, which is a problem that kids face because they don't get the daily exercise that is needed. Keeping kids active is very good for there bodies and it can keep kids healthy.

Participating in extracurricular school activities is great for students. By making kids participate in different activities can benefit towards the students and the school. If students were to participate in different activities they could create new clubs to fit the interests of him or herself and expand the activities in schools. I believe students should always participate in school activities whether it is forced or not because school activities can be very fun. In conclusion, I highly agree with the idea of making students participate in extracurricular activities because it can help kids build new friendships, teach kids how to work with a team, and help students stay active.