Dear Senator of Florida,

I am a 15 year old concerned citizen and I would like to address a serious problem. Our country's process of electing our president, the Electoral College. I beleive there are certain aspects of this process which are both good, and bad, but still need to be revised. To fix this unfair system of election, we just need to change a few details of it, in particular, the states' "winner-take-all" system.

Of course there are people who agree with this method of voting, but i am not one of them, and neither is Bradford Plumer. In Bradford's excerpt from "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong", He explains to us the injustice of the electors that we vote for. Most of the time electors stay with their party's candidate, but sometimes they can be persuaded to switch sides. How would you like it if you and the majority of your state voted for a certain president through your states electors, and they went and stabbed you in the back(figuratively) and voted for the other president. You have just been cheated out of your vote! That doesnt sound very democratic to me.

People do actually believe in this system of voting though, hard to believe, I know, but Richard A. Posner's "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" gives us a pretty good reason of why they should. Richard explains to us the method of how a larger state with a large population, which would have a larger popular vote, has more weight than a smaller state with a smaller population and a smaller popular vote. He also tells us how there will always be an outcome, no matter what. Like how Obama recieved 61.7% of the electoral vote and 51.3% of the popular vote. Cutting it a bit close there? Enough of that percentage of popular votes lost during the "winner-take-all' method could change the election of the president.

So dont you see? "Winner-take-all" method just gained someone more votes than they deserved! Essentially robbing the other candidate of his votes! Once again Bradford Plumer hit the nail on the head with his description of the "winner-take-all" method. He understands the system and we are lucky enough he explains it to us in such easy terms. Instead of a candidate making his rounds to each of the states and raising his popularity, he ignores certain states that he knows he will get all of the votes for because he already owns a majority, 50%. It could be as little as 51% for him to gain all the votes of that state, and depending on the population of that state, lost more voters for the other candidate than an entire 's sum could give him. So candidates spend time in only a select few states trying to win the vote. Wouldn't this make you feel left out? Unimportant? Nothing but just a blip in the course of your country's history? I wouldnt want that feeling.

All ready a few states such as Maine and  Nebraska have realized the stupidity of this system and have decided to change their voting method. This is why I write to you as our senator to help our state correct this process so we can fairly and justly choose our president, but what do I know, Im only 15.    