Human curiosity can be a dangerous but also can lead to ground breaking discoveries. In the article "The Challenge of Exploring

Venus", talks about how the "Evening Star" has great value and there is much to learn from studying it, despite the dangers that come along with it. The author supports this idea becuase he gives readers prime examples of everything that could go wrong by sending a spacecraft to Venus to study it. Although the author also gives us alturnitives for learning about this planet and maybe even inhabiting it some day.

Humans have spent many decades descovering new planets. Each robot that is sent to space took time, money, and countless hours of perfecting it to best fit those planets conditions. In paragrapgh 7 the author compares an average phone to a spacecraft being sent to Venus. "Imagine exposing a phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin", This is a good example because people now are very familar or some even attached to thier electronics. The author knew that people would understand just what would happen to a rover by making the comparison of the dangers.

Planets in our solar system never fail to fasinated the people who grauduated with a 4.0 GPA. Scientist believe that Venus was an Earth-like planet many years ago. In paragrapgh 4 it states "Venus was probably covered with large oceans and could've supported many forms of life." This is an important detail becuase it shows that scientist will never want to stop fininding new things to learn about. Also in paragrapgh 4 the authors states, "The value of returning to Venus are indisputable". This is important becuase everyone wants to see the experience happen despite all the risk. Scientists will always find a way.

Fighting to beat the harsh conditions of our neiboring planet, there is still much to learn about Venus. The fight for knowledge and the crave for no more curiosity will be the thing to push humans over the egde to concure every mile of our solor system. Yes, it takes time and money. But humans have not failed to break the limations.       