Dear Principal,

I have heard around that you are thinking of making a new policy, saying that everyone will have to have a B average to play after school sports. Many of our star athletes have a C average. I know you want a very smart school, but brain isn't everything. We don't want obese kids walking around America, do we? Think about it many of the famous people today are athletes or related to athletes. Although there are many smart famous people out there. You mostly hear about athletes and their accomplishments. Famous athletes such as Mia Hamm, Kevin Garnet, and Joe Mauer are good influences on our society today. Wouldn't it be cool to have one of the kids in our school one day be famous like them? I think it would, then you could say yeah so and so went to my middle school.

I know grades are a big thing in school but a lot of kids just want to have fun. If you enforce this policy someone that is really good and could play on a professional team may be discouraged because in middle school they didn't get to play on the middle school A team. I know it sounds ridiculous that something so small could change someone's mind. You would be surprised though. Grades do matter and all not saying they don't at all, but sports are a big way of American ways of life. B average is a high expectation for some kids, I think a C average would be a better way to go.

Most of the time sports is what keeps kids of the streets. Kids easily would miss school but most kids that play sports have specific rules of what they have to do, how they can stay on the team, and many other things like that. Many kids just want to have fun, sports sometimes involves their fun. They may not mention that to a lot of people, but if they enjoy it. They see it as fun. If you want athletes to do better in school and still be able to play sports, you should open an after school program. Which is meant for kids to do better in school and not drop out or get bad grades in school. Stay in school do well and have fun at the same time, that would be great.

Thanks,

Your Student