When encountering a problem, most people will usually go to others to ask for advice or seek help. It is only natural to go to others in times of need or when encountering an unknown problem. Asking only one person for advice usually does not solve the problem, and instead, going to multiple people and asking for their opinion is the better option. Seeking multiples people's advice can help find a person who has advice on the situation, can help to find the perfect advice, and can even led to combinations of advice. That is why seeking advice from many people is the best option.

No one person goes through the same difficulties and experiences. When trying to find advice, some people may not be able to give any advice simply because they have not experienced the same problem. These people should not always be forgotten; sometimes, even though a person has not experienced a problem, they can still give advice on how to make things better or can at least give their advice on a different problem related to the current one. Other times, someone may just be bad at giving advice and can give help that does not relate to the situation currently being faced.

As stated before, no one person goes through the same difficulties which can often lead to people giving different advice. Asking multiple people for advice can often lead to finding different solutions and opinions which is only expected. This should not be taken as confusing and should instead be seen as an opportunity to find the solution that would work best. Sometimes, one person can give advice that will work perfectly for the situation at hand.

The best reason to ask for advice from multiple people is so that advice can be mixed and rearranged to make a somewhat perfect plan of action. Instead of continually asking for advice from people until the perfect result is found, advice can be combined or mixed to create the perfect solution. This method is the best for unique problems that would require unique solutions. Because even though a person may have gone through the same problem, it might have been solved differently than what would be best for you; no two rivers flow in the exact same way after all.

Overall, the best way to ask for advice is to ask from multiple people. Asking for advice from multiple different people can help find a person who has experienced the same problem, can lead to finding the best advice, and can led to mixing of advice to create what works best. That is why seeking different opinions is always the best thing to do. Advice from multiple people is always the best advice to get.                                                                                  