Students should be able to have there cell phones with them at free periods as long as they are off and put away during class time. Students should have this right because, in case of emergency they should be able to get them out and call for help at any time, parents need to have a way to get a hold of there children fast and easy during free times, and teenagers deserve to have your trust in them to not use them during class and to have them turned off. Some examples of why you need to have it at free times are that maybe your mom needs to let you know you need a different ride home, or if something happened in your family. It is a good idea to let students bring phones to school, but with rules, come responsibility.

If i student should be at lunch and a fight breaks, you know you have to stop it or tell someone. You assume you may get hurt trying to stop it, and your too far away from the office, you should use your cell phone and call the police or a staff member at your school. better to be safe then sorry. Imagine if you didn't have your cell phone and you tried to break up the fight and you got hurt, or you tried running to the office, and while you were taking time to run someone got really injured. For safety purposes, it is a good thing to have your cell phone on campus.

Assuming one of the reasons your parents bought your cell phone is because they need to get a hold of you as fast and as easy as possible. Wouldn't you wan to know if you needed to get a ride home after school so you wouldn't be stuck there by yourself, or even if your mom or dad was seriously hurt? Or simply, your mom just wants to know how your day is going. Students parents have a right to be able to reach there children during free time at school.

In this point of our lives, facility members of a school should be able to trust there students to stow the phones away and turning them off. Students parents have taught them manners, respect, and obedience, why not test it out? This can teach students even more obedience and respect for there teachers, and maybe bosses in the future. By getting use to this early on, they won have a problem with it later. Although some people say students may sneak a little texting here or there, which is wrong, but changeable by, reprimanding them, which may help the problem. Teachers and principals should trust students to have there cell phones off during class.

It is a reasonable choice to let students have there phones working at lunch or nutrition, but expect to have them off in class. Three reasons why this is a good thing is for emergencies, for there parents to have a easy way to get a hold of them, and to let the students know we trust them. These students are growing up, there going to have jobs, and way more responsibilities in the future. This may get them ready for that challenge.