Venus, Earth's "twin", has very harsh conditions. Unlike Earth, Venus is the hottest planet in our solor system. It has a very thick atmosphere, and the clouds are composed of highly corrosive sulferic acid. The aurthor of this article believes we should send mechanical mechines to explore this planet for all of its benefits, despite the dangers.

My first point, according to the article, is that Venus is the closest planet to the Earth in terms of density and size. Geographically, it has valleys, mountians, and craters. The author also suggests that long ago, Venus might have had oceans and that Venus could support life. This is why some researchers see value in the exloration. But, it provides the question: will exploring Venus be beneficial? The aurthor thinks that yes, this is a good opportunity.

My next point is that the author also states that we have already had missions there. If Earth poured money into going there at all, more than once, we must have seen some value in the mission because of its potential data and learning opportunities. The crafts may have only lated for days, but we still were able to learn. If we we not going to gain anything from the missons, we would not have wasted time and money to get there, multiple times.

Lastly, NASA has proposed a way to avoid the dangers. The facts about Venus are scary to some, but what if we could safely send a probe or spacecraft to Venus? According to the article, it would have to travel 30 miles above the landscape. Doing so would prevent the corrosion, it would have pleanty solor power, and the machine would not overheat as easily. "Striving to meet the challange presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endevors."

This challange may help us, the Earth, learn more ablout habitable planets and how to care for our own planet.

As our technology grows, so does our possibility to go to Venus. It does not take a computer, it takes human curiosity. The aurthor of this article supports the possibility of going to Venus. Its informational possibilites, and its challanges are all positive things about the mission. The challanges are what pushes us, as humans further than we have gone before. Learning about Venus could help researchers, and the people of the Earth.                 