Dear Principle,

I think that it is a bad idea to change the requirement to play sports to a B average because many kids that play sports have a average grade of C. Many kids in our school have a average grade C and I think that it is wrong to be able to take the privilege of playing sports away from them because a C average grade is passing in school. Many kids who play sports do not have enough time after school and practice to study for all there classes and finish there homework in one night and they try there hardest to keep up with kids who don't do sports but might only average a C in that class at that time. To pass a grade in most schools the average grade is a C, so to change our average grade requirement to a B would be unfair to students who only meet a average C grade in class's. Kids who play sports might miss class to go out of town for a game and might miss a test in class and have to make it up. But with the test there grade drops to and there average is below a B then they would not be able to participate in school sports so they would not be able to play in games to come and there would be no motivation to make up the test that they had missed to play the sport. Another reason that it would be a bad idea to change the average grade requirement to a B is because some kids try there hardest in school but only meat a C average but they also love to play a sport and you are not allowing them to play that sport because they are trying there hardest, so there would be no motivation to try there hardest in school anymore and there average grade would drop to less then a C average and would not be learning anything in there class's because they would no longer need to try to keep there grades up to play sports at school and that would ruin there chances of ever getting a good education because they would never try hard enough in school to maintain there grades because there would be no reward for trying there hardest. My last reason to not change the average grade requirement to a B is because kids who might be good at sports and not meat a B average might pay people to do there work for them or cheat on there tests in class, therefore they would not learn anything and when they go to a different school they continue there bad hobbits and not get anywhere in there life because they can not pass class's later on in life or get a good job in life. There is one more thing that I need to say about changing the average grade requirement to a B is because many kids can go on to be professional athletes but if they only get a average of a C and cannot get to there full potential they would never be able to fulfill there dream and never know what they could have been able to do. This is why I think it is not a good idea to change the average grade requirment to a B to play sports it should be left alone for the good of the student body.