Have you ever been forced to do something that you dont want to do? A principle has decided to make students be, at least one, extracurricular activity. as it may sound nice, it's not as nice as you think it is? Some students aren't able to pay for those activities, most students are already a part of an activity, and other physically blocked to play sports. Now you should already have a different opinion then you have now.

First, you should know that some parents or guardians aren't able to pay for extracurricular activities. Most parents don't have enough money to pay for activities. Some can't buy the items you would need to play the sport. Others can't pay the fees to go to the games or to start the sport. Parents may not want to their kids to play sports so they can save up for other needs like college and other needs.

Second, students may already have a sport that they do outside or school. Some students don't like the sport options that their school has, so they do other outside of school. For instance, if you wanted to learn how to ride a horse you would usually have to go to another place to learn how to do ride a horse. Students should be able to do the sport they want to do for a living and school can get in the way if they needed to do an extra sport. They need to practice their sport if they want to do it for a living.

Last, some students aren't able to physically do any sport. Most students who can't do sports have a sickness that can't go away. Sicknesses can keep a kid away from doing sports. Asthma is a bad one that can be bad enough to where you can't run at all. Cancer can make someone not able to do sports or really anything physical. These kids who have sicknesses have a tough time already and it will be even harder if schools make you do extracurricular activities.

Now you should have a different opinion about this topic. Students should not have to do an extracurricular activity. They should be able to do any sport they want. Students don't need any more stress about school.        