The technology to read the emotional expression of students in a classroom is valuable because there it can show when someone is getting bored in a class. There are plenty of reasons for why to use this technology. One reason could be that it will detect when a student is bored or is becoming confused. Another reason that it should be used is that it would help inprove the lesson or what is being taught. Also most human communication is non verbal, so then the computers need to understand that.

One example on why the technology should used is how it will be able to detect when someone feels a certain way in a class or a lesson. The text states, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,"(D'Alto). This would help students and teachers because from the students prespective the teacher would know how he/she felt. A way that this would help teachers would be that it would give the teachers some feedback so that maybe if their student is bored to make their lesson a little energetic. Then the students and the teachers may have more understanding of eachother.

Another reason that would make this technology valuable would be that it would help improve a lesson for the students when needed. The text states, "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor"(D'Alto). This is refering to the last point. So if a student is bored, the computer would recognize the problem and change the lesson for the student so they could be more enthusiastic about the lesson. For example if a student is borred about learning about geography, and the student is bored then the computer could change up their lesson by watching a movie that follows what the person is learning about.

Also another reason for using the technology in a classroom about how a lot of human communication is not even talking to someone it is more body language than anything. The text says, "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication"(D'Alto). This means that not everything is about just talking to someone but there is also a lot that goes on with their body, facial expressios, the list goes on. For example a person can a have a converstion with someone and not even mean what they are saying, and the computers would be able to tell using their facial expressions and body language.

Whether a person think that this new technology is completely useless or not, this could help for students to learn more, and have interest in learning. This could help students by actually learning and doing better in school, because they would be able to fully understand each concept. For example if a student is confused with something and the teacher doesn't notice it the computer will, and it will change the lesson so that the student can get a grasp of the subject. maybe this new technology shouldn't be introduced into a classroom, but it would be of much help.