Dear Mr. President,

After reading informative essays on the Electoral College, i believe the Electoral College should be retired and change the election to popular vote during the election of our United States' president.

Although the Electoral College was established by the founding fathers in the Constitution (What is the Electoral College?, 1) it can cause something known as the disaster factor. This happened back in 1960 and 2000. John F. Kennedy was almost replaced by the Democratic electors who nearly succeeded opposing him (The Indefensible Electoral College, 3).

Another worry factor of the electoral vote is a tie. This could mean putting the election of the president into the hands of the Senate. This also makes Wyoming, who has one representative, have equal say with a state like California, who has fifty-five represenatives (The Indefensible Electoral College, 12). This allows for the opposite of the will of the people. Isn't that what we want? The will of the people.

The winner-take-all system in every state also makes the electoral college unfair to voters (The Indefensible Electoral College, 13). Putting the decision of our US president in the hands of a few voters in one state while others don't even get to see the candidates is absolutely unjust.

Although, there are a few reasons we should keep the electoral college. With the electoral college there is always a certainty of outcome (In Defense of the Electoral College, 18). This means that a candidate's electoral college votes exceeds popular vote. This cuts out the factor of a lanslide electoral vote in only one state; keeping in line the will of the people.

The Electoral College process of voting during election time is old, outdated, and unfair to our voting population. As a United States citizen, i think we should leave the election of our president up to popular vote; everyone will have a say and it takes out al the complications of electoral votes and representatives and most imporatantly takes the exact decisions of the will of the people.

Thank you for your time and taking my claims into consideration.

Sincerely,

Aimee Iorio            