Dear my state senator.

I have some concerns i would like u to know, it's about the electoral college.

I know that it is a process not a place and that the funding fathers established it and all but to me i don't think the electoral college is fair and heres why.

The electoral college consists of 538 electors, a maority of 270 electoral votes that is requried to elect president, now under the 23rd Amendment the constitution, District of Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for puposes of the elctoral college.

The presidental election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in the of November. To be honest you help choose your electors when it's time to vote for president because when they vote for a canidate they are actally voting for your candidat's electors. After the presidental election a "Certificate of Ascertainment" listing all of the canidates who ran for president in your state along with the names of the respective electores.

The electoral college, voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors, who turn elect the president. The single best argument against the electoral college is the disaster factor. Consider the state legislatures are technically are to blame for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of people.

Now i have done some more research and what i also found out is that back in 1960, segregations in the Louisianna legislature nearly succeeded in doing away with Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose john F. Kennedy. It also happened in hawaii in 1960, but Vice president Richard Nixson, who was presiding over the senate, validated only his opponent's electors, I mean what if this happens again?

And i aslo heard that if an electoral tie seems unlikley, consider this that in 1968 a shift of just 41,971 votes would have a impacted deadlocked the election. It also has happened many times after that. I mean the election is only a few swing away from catastrophe.

It's official to me and a lot of other people, the electoral college is unfair, and irrational. I mean i have been told that the best arguments in the favor of it's most assertions without the basis in reality. I think you need to put a stop to this before things go wrong, i mean if it's not fair then why do it? it makes no sense.

thank you for taking the time to read me letter and i hope i helped about the electoral college to be fair.

sincerally a concerned citizen.                               