Summer projects should be student-designed because this is their time to relax. Students should not have to go through more school work during their time off. How would you feel if you get worked handed to you on your day off? Students should be able to design their projects because this is a students personal time, some students learn different from others, and students should be able to do a project that they enjoy.

To start off, this is a students personal time. Most students would not want to have work handed to them during the summer because they have been in school for ten months. Students should feel as if this is their time to relax and do whatever it is that they like. If they have to do a project, it should be something that they want to do instead of what the teacher wants them to do. For example, back in elementary school my teacher gave us a reading project to do over the break. It was a book that I hated and I thought, "Who even likes to read, let alone over break." I was so made that we have to do this project, but if it had been a book that i actually wanted to read, I would have been more likely to do the project.

Secondly, some students learn in different ways than others. Not every single person learns the same as the next. Everyone is either an auditory, a visual, or a hands-on learner. Many people could prefer something totally different from you, so a teacher just handing a student a project and telling them to do it, will not help them to learn. For instance, I am a visual and hands-on learner, but the person next to me could be an auditory learner.

Lastly, students should be able to do a project that they enjoy. If students are given a project that they do not want to do or are at least interested in, the chances of them doing it are low. They don't even want to have work over the break, but if they are given something that they are interested in, they will most likely do it.

Some will think agree with my claim, others will disagree. The ones that disagree will probably say that teachers should design the projects. They may say that the teacher knows what is best for their students and that if the students have some authority over their project, they will do or pick something that does nothing for their knowledge and education. They may also say that they need to learn that not everything can got their way in life and they have to deal with what is front of them. I say that we give students the opportunity to be students and live their life as teens as much as they possibly can before they jump right into the real world. I believe that students should design their projects, but the teachers should approve. Compromising is a key factor in this. If people want the students to not have so much control over a project for school, teachers should be more open minded and be able to at least give their students a choice of enjoyable projects for the students to work on over break. Even then, students still have some sort of choice of what they find pleasurable to work on over their free time and still end up getting a grade for the work that they have completed.

In conclusion, students should be able to design their project over the break because it is their personal time, some students learn different from others, and students should be able to do a project that they enjoy. Students are maturing as the days go by. If we don't give them some sort of authority as they grow up, they will not develop into adults that can handle the real world. Letting them have some sort of freedom or choice over what they want to do, will benefit them in the long run and not let them grow up so fast. Looking at this from a students point of view will give you an open mind about my position on this topic. Students should be able to feel a since of freedom when it comes tho their break and not feel stressed or pressured to do more school work during their time off.