As more and more schools are being build around the globe, so are the ways people can go to school expanding. With the way that the internet works improving so is its educational uses such as online learning, Students of schools that offer distance learning as an option for attending classes in the form of online or video conferencing at home are benefiting greatly because they are more comfortable, have an easier time going to school, and have more available online resource.

Student that learn at home are benefiting from a comfortable environment that helps with learning and retaining information. When learning in a comfortable environment, you retain more information and in turn do better at a task such as test or quiz, for example a social science study demonstrated that a student who is learning in an comfortable environment will score more on a test than a student that is learning on an uncomfortable environment. This is because students on a uncomfortable environment will have a harder time paying attention or remembering information as they will be on alert or unfocused. Student that have access to distance learning can learn from home allowing them to create a comfortable environment to learn in. This will in turn help them with maintaining the information they have learn and doing better on assignments and tests.

Humans are often located in urban areas where everything is near and they have easy to access to everything but not everyone lives in these compact areas, in fact many people live in isolated rural areas surrounded by nature with building miles apart from each other. As a result many students have to take risk everyday in order to go to school or travels miles everyday in order to get to school. For example, In some rural areas a broken tree can be the difference between going to school or not. As they only have one dangerous road to travel in, so if the road is blocked then they can't go anywhere. Students that have access to distance learning benefit from not having to take risk or have difficulty going to school as they can learn from home. These students will have their lesson taught online allowing for those that live in rural areas to stay safe and learn from home.

One of the main arguments against distance learning is the lack of communication that spawns from online conferring. This issue is no longer as present as before with the improvements in technology and as new online platforms are appearing that help students to interact, ask question, or review lessons are being created and are gaining popularity such as Edpuzzle, Khan Academy, Google Classroom and much more. An example of relatively new online resource that has been integrated into school lessons is a platform name Edpuzzle, it is a website that allows teachers to post online videos to all students in their class so that they can watch lessons and answer questions about the video. It also have the added benefit that students can review previous videos and teachers can schedule when the lessons are posted for convenience. Students that are learning from home via distance learning can benefit from websites such as this because teachers can see exactly what questions student understood and what questions they did not and adjust their lesson accordingly. They can also review past video lessons and and see future assignments.

Overall, students would benefit form distance learning offer by school. As students can learn in a comfortable environment at home helping them maintain and retain the lessons taught. Students also have an easier time going to school as students that could not go to school or had a hard time going no longer have to leave their home to learn. This is all thanks to the fact they have more learning tools in the form of online platforms or websites that helps them learn outside of school.