Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. When teacher give projects, the student is limited to what they can do.

When student are given projects and is able to do their own topic, they don't stay on the topic they choose.

I think summer projects should be teacher-designed. This would be better because the students have a topic, its easy, and is fast to do.

First, the students has topic. When a student has a one topic, they cant go talk about another topic. The student doesn't have to struggle between three or more subjects because they have one given to them. The teacher gives a specific topic because it's supposed to challenging. They want the students to use their brains.

Second, the topic is easy. Some school teachers give their students easy topics because they wants students to enjoy their summer break. The subject should be easy for two reason for example: they had the topic before or its very simple.

Third, the subject is fast to do. The topic should be fast to do because the teacher was able to do it. Their previous students was able to do it with no problem. The student should get the project done because it helps them retain the information the learned.

Students-designed projects are interesting to give over the summer break. They are interesting for many reasons. The first reason is because the students has free to work on any topic they want. Second, it's going to make the teacher curious to see what the student did as a project. Third, student would get it done quicker because they want to have enough time for the summer.

Fourth, it would be challenging because the student has more than one topic to choose from. The final reason is to let the students use their imagination.

Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. I think teacher-designed projects would work.

This would be better because the students have a topic, its easy, and it is fast to do.