Did you know that asking multiple people for advice can help you make a better choice? Well, it can. The more people you ask, the more opinions you get from them, which, could lead you in a good direction. When you ask for advice, the most wisdom you could get is from family, your friends, or a counselor.

Asking people for advice may be good but asking your family is more helpful.

Since there your family, they might know whats best for you and what your going through.

They can help you out by asking if you wanted advice for a mistake you did or something that you want to accomplish.

Asking an older or younger sibling may help too.

Asking can help because most people are more closer to their siblings than their parents.

Getting advice from your family may be a bit more helpful because they can tell you the mistakes they have made in the past and for you to not make that mistake.

When they tell you the mistakes they've made, they will also tell you how you can learn from it. Your family may have given you advice, but also taught you to never give up even when times get hard.

Another person that can give you a different from of advice and wisdom would be a friend.

Friends are truthful so when you ask them for advice, they can give you their honest opinion.

when you ask for someones opinion, they are obviously going to tell you what they think and how it will impact you.

Your friend might have been through the same thing thats happening to you.

They could give you advice about it and hope to get better and prevent the outcomes. Advice coming from a friend is what most people need to understand it.

If your going through something or need advice, a counselor could also help you out.

Seeking multiple opinions could make you understand and give you varieties of advice for example, a counselor.

The counselor can advice you what to do right and whats wrong.

Counselors can give you different types of advice or wisdom that they previously told others that may help you.

From the multiple advises that the counselor gave you, you can choose the one that helped you the most and use it. If you go to different people for advice you have more of an idea of what their talking about.

When you are asking for advice from multiple people, the variety of wisdom that you can get is from your counselor, a friend, or your family members. However, some people think that they would rather keep everything to themselves and not ask any questions. They might not want to talk about it or they are already good with it and dont need advice. Getting advice from certain people may expand your choices.                                                           