Have you ever wondered about an easier way to make hard decisions? Well, there is one. Imagine oneself on a couch with a cup of hot cocoa thinking about a crucial decision. How can you make this easier? Talking to more than one person can help someone make a better decision because more people give you new perspectives, the confidence to make the right decision, and multiple opinions can help you decide what you really want.

When making an important decision it is helpful to talk to multiple people, for they bring multiple perspectives to the table. In the decision making process, multiple perspectives can help you improve your decision by giving you different ways to look at your problem/decision. Whenever I have a big decision to make, for example choosing which type of classes I want to take each year, (Honors, non Honors), I find it helpful to talk to my parents before making my decision. My parents help me make that type of decision because they have already gone through that type of experience, therefore they have a completely different perspective than I do. My parents see me everyday, they see my grades and the type of study/school habits I have obtained, which causes them to have a better look at the problem than me. Different perspectives cause you to think about each component of the decision you are making which helps you make the most thorough, finalized decision you can.

Talking in groups of people can give you the extra confidence you need to make that tough decision. In decisions about sports, or determining what type of schedule I would prefer, I like to talk to a group of my friends who have made/ or will make the same decision as me. Sometimes our emotions cloud our judgment and we make decisions based off of the want to be with people we know. Although when I talk to people who have made decisions somewhat related to mine, they encourage me to make my decision based off of what I want to do, not based off of what all my friends are doing. With the right people around you, encouraging you to make a decision that benefits yourself, you will gain a confidence to make the right decision.

While making a hard decision, things can get confusing. Sometimes you need someone else to make the decision for you. If you consult a group of people, their different opinions can help you realize what you really want to happen through that decision. When I have to make a decision about what volleyball team I want to tryout/play for,

I talk to a variety of people who give me their opinion, which is always different from the next person I ask. Hearing different opinions give me all these different options I wouldn't have thought about if I made the decision alone. Talking to more people gives you more opinions, which gives you more options, which helps you make the most complete decision you can about what you specifically want.

Talking to more than one person can help someone make the best decision because more people give you different opinions and options, the confidence you might need to make the right decision for you, and different people give you new perspectives you might never have thought about. All people throughout the world struggle with the ability to ask for help. I believe that is it important to be able to consult a group of people before making decisions. The decision making process can be hard, but with other people around you helping you with the decision at hand, it won't be so hard after all.     