Smart cars may sound smarter than a human being but how smart are they? Smart cars are suppose to be driverless and use less fuel. In my opionion smart cars should not be developed. A smart car can have a technical difficulty and cause an accident and the fault could be said to be the drivers when it never was. This can bring conflict with the driver and the company of the car which can lead to bad consiquences. The car should not be developed becuase it can have techincal difficulties, have a high cost, they take away the fun of driving and learning.

Smart cars should not be deveploed becuase it can fail on something and have techincal difficutlies. The car may not sense something around its surroundings and won't be able to alert the driver on time causing an accident. It can also have failing on the GPS and go a wrong way. The worst casesenerio would be the steering wheel locking and the driver would not be able to control the car if something was to happen. Smart cars may seem smart and safe but technology doesn't always work how it is suppose too.

Another reason why smart cars would not be a good developement would be the cost of the car. The car may be very high at price and wouldnt sell. It could also get a huge donation to get the car started but that money could be a waste by not having a successful project. The car could need something new and it could turn out to be very expensive and won't get fixed being left alone. The car may also need a special street to give it eletrical signal which would be expensive to remake new streets. Smart cars may just be a waste of money.

Another reason for not developing smart cars is we loose the fun in driving and learning. As a teen, people get excited because they get a new oppurtunity to learn and practice something new. We learn the basics of driving and learn from it. We get more freedom to do things and to go to places. But having a smart car can take that away. A teen won't learn from a mistake they do by not driving and correcting themselves. All a person would do is sit there and wait if anything happens. But a teen can have no knowledge in driving and won't know what to do. And as teens we can easily get distracted and cause an accident if we don't pay attention.

In conclusion, smart cars shouldn not be deveoloped. A smart car may sound smart and safe but when it comes to the real world technology can mess up and cause accidents. A human being should always have control of its own thibgs that being their life or their car. A smart car's technology can mess up, be very hight at price, and it can take away the fun of driving and learning. Smart cars should not control our driving, we ourselfs should. 