Nowadays, school can be a very distracting environment, to some students, its not the best environment for them to perform at their best. But with the option of distance learning, students are able to attend school at their own comfort, whether its at home, a coffee shop, or on the road. Students could easily excel with this option because they can be more focused, get more one on one learning, and even learn at a more manageable pace.

Distance learning eliminates the all of the big distractions at school, which can lead you to being more focused. Its a big benefit so that students are able to excel in learning and really show their capabilities. In my own classes, I easily get distracted when students have side conversations, people joking around, and just people being annoying. So by eliminating those factors, it can lead to students being more focused and enhance their learning.

Asking for help in classes tends to be hard when a teacher has to keep an eye for a many other students, whether if they're getting rowdy or not doing their work. But in distant learning, you're more able to have to talk one on one with your teacher since its in a more controlled setting versus an actual classroom. Many of my friends that take online school say this is very convenient for them, they can talk to them on camera or even on a chat, but have always said that they were never left confused. So having that option could really help students if they ever have questions in class.

Many students have different paces at which the learn at, some are fast and some may be slow, but when a pace is going way to fast for you, you can loose track and get confused. But in distance learning, you do have a more steadier pace and teachers will catch you up to speed before they move on to any other topic. I myself am a slow paced learner, but when teachers go on a faster pace than me, I usually loose track of whats going on, but when I did distance learning at my old school, I was always caught up and checked on before my teacher moved on to any other topic. So out of personal experience, learning at a better pace really does help and keep you aligned with whats going on in a certain topic.

Distance learning is a great option to have for schools, or could be the future of learning. But it would definitely help students who dont really prefer being at school and lead them on a better path of learning. Even though some might benefit from being in school than distance learning because you get to see your friends and get to experience the high school life; however, distance learning is better because you get more focused and do get one on one help than actual in school classes. 