Over summer, many students are required to do a project pertaining to a specific class. The projects given, should be teacher-designed rather than the student creating his or her own idea. The project should be teacher-designed because the project gives an outline to the student on what will be taught that school year. It also helps the student determine officially, if he or she would like to stay in that specific class and as well as, express to the teacher on the type of student he or she will be, based on the effort given on the summer project. If teachers continue to design the projects, there will be more success within the classroom and the work ethic given by students.

When teachers give a summer assignment, the work given helps a student see the type of material he or she will be learning that year. The work comes to show how rigorous the class and classwork will be based off of the work load and in depth questions that the teacher has provided. With receiving an outline, it gives the overall idea of what to expect, so that the student can mentally prepare, for the upcoming year. When being able to prepare ahead of time, the student will be able to see the amount of work that might be given. Without the teacher-designed summer project, the student will be oblivious to what to expect in the class that they will be taking.

Continuing on, a teacher-designed project, helps express to the teacher on the type of student he or she will be receiving, based off of the effort given on the project. When a teacher designs a project, it is usually a reflection of how hard that specific class is and type of teacher he or she might happen to be. If the student happens to only complete the bare minimum or does not even try, it shows that, that student may not be best suit in that teacher's class. With the teacher giving a personal designed project, it shows which students have the initiative and will work hard on any assignment given, moving forward. The project overall gives a central idea to the teacher, on what he or she needs to expect during the future of the school year.

Many claim that not letting a student design their own project, takes away from his or her creativity and own personal ideas. However, the point of someone expressing creativity, is being able to take anything and make it their own. A student can still be creative and express themselves through the work given by the teacher. Having the ability to express his or her own ideas and meet the requirements, will stand out to any teacher evaluating it. Just because the range of ideas and creativity is limited when the student is not able to create his or her own project, does not mean creativity or personal ideas are completely shut out and prevented from being intertwined within the teacher's design.

Overall, having a teacher-designed project is more efficient and much more beneficial than one that is student-designed. When having a project designed by a teacher, it is a way for a student to see how hard and rigorous the class will be and the abundance of work that will be given throughout the rest of the school year. Not only that, but it as well gives teachers the overall idea on what will be expected of specific students and the standards that will need to be upheld the upcoming year. Without the teacher-designed projects, the students will not know what to complete a project on and will not be ready at all, for what they will be learning the upcoming year. Teacher-designed projects are a great idea and will be a great addition, for all students to have the ability to be prepared, for the upcoming school year.         