February 3, 2011

Dear TEACHER_NAME

or to whom it may concern,

I am writing in regards to your cell phone policy. I do believe that if you give the students of SCHOOL_NAME

the free time to text and talk on the phone during lunch and every other free time then you would have less people getting in trouble and less problems. Being a student and a teenager i love to text and talk to my friends and since i don't see them all i really enjoy having the time to talk to them when i can. This policy would create a down spiral of texting in class and having people getting in trouble because of this.

I understand how some people would say that this will make more chaos, yet i do believe that the kids in the school would not do anything to jeopardise this ability. I speak for all of my peers when i say this. If you wanted to just try it out that would be better than not trying anything at all. The teachers will most likely have better grades in their grade book because the students are paying attention a little better now that they know in less than an hour they will be able to text their friends without any hassle.

Also i think you shouldn't let the phones come in the class or if they do put them at the back so the kids can grab it and go and text as they walk to the next class. If you see a problem to this policy then of course you may go ahead and band cellular devices from the school. I suggest you don't do that because then the kids will bring them anyways and get in trouble more and that would be a bad thing in your case. Whatever you decide the kids will have to listen, but my decision would be to let us kids text and get it done with before we go to class. The students would appreciate you trying to understand their wants even more than you have to and you would have the possibility to be loved forever in these halls.

I also suggest that if one grade can't handle then don't punish the other grades because of one mistake in another grade. I speak for all of SCHOOL_NAME when i say we would love to be able to text at certain points and we would try our best to pay more attention to the classes. I do believe that what i am saying may be the best choice to at least try. It may not turn out how I thought it would but at least the students would know that you tried something new but we were the ones who messed it up. If this choice does not work then no phones at school would be acceptable because we, the students, were the ones who couldn't mature enough to handle that big responsibility that you gave us.

Thank you for taking the time to hear what a student had to say about your policy choice.

Sincerely,

A Student