Dear Senator,

I am writing you to explain why the Electoral College system of choosing the president should be changed. The president should be chosen based on popular vote instead of the current system. The Electoral College system is unfair to certain states and somewhat confusing to others. I am certain that my views on this issue are not the only ones.

First off, the Electoral College system is unfair to states. Candidates for president don't spend time in states that they know they have no chance of winning in. This is due to the Electoral College morphing the states into a winner-takes-all system as said by the Office of the Federal Regiser in "What is the Electoral College?". This means that the winning popular vote in each state wins the electoral vote for that state as well. The thing is, however the number of people voting compared to the number of electoral votes is unfair. I am aware that the number of electoral votes comes from the state's population, but imagine this; California, which has 55 electoral votes gets visited by this to-be-president and wins it over only by a small margin. Wyoming, which has 3 electoral votes, doesn't get a visit by this candidate because he thinks that 55 votes is more important than three and a large majority of this state votes against him. The candidate then loses three electoral votes, but wins 55. Sounds like everything works out well right? Wrong. The other half of the voters in California combined with the majority of voters in Wyoming could have taken the vote if it weren't for the Electoral College. With popular vote the candidates would have to actually care about the states like Wyoming instead of ingnoring them with Electoral College. With the popular vote system everyone has a say.

To continue, the Electoral College should be replace because of the confusion it causes. Most people believe that when they vote they are voting for president. However, what they dont know is that they are actually voting for a slate of electors. This slate of electors then votes for who they want to be president, and this might not always be the choice you want. With the popular vote system there would be no confusion and no voting on people who you want to vote for you. Do we really know who we're voting for? Or are we just going on luck? The reason why so many americans do not vote is because they think that even though they vote, they do not have a say on who's gonna win. With the popular vote system we could directly vote on who we belive to be the right choice for president.

In conclusion, the Electoral College system should be replaced because with a popular vote system there would be fairness to all states and no confusion on who you're really voting on. With all of this said, I hope you consider my request and try to make a change.

Yours truly,

PROPER_NAME  