Phones and their impact on driving

Phone use while driving has become extremely common in this day and age. Almost everyone that's driven a car has done it, and they know it. A lot of people do it, but that obviously doesn't make it right. Of course lots of things have come out so that we won't have the phone in our hands while driving, but who said that having a phone in your hand is the only problem? Phones cause for distractions, accidents, and possibly even jail time.

The last thing that you want while driving is to get distracted. I think I could say the same thing for a passenger. Have you ever been in a car with someone and they start looking at their phone?

Have they ever got on the phone and laughed so hard that they close their eyes while driving? It's not a good feeling to be in a situation such as that cause you worry about your life. Hands-free calls are good but just because they don't have a phone in their hand does not mean a person still cannot get distracted due to the use of a phone.

Distraction due to phones could result in multiple things. One of the things it can result in is pedestrians getting hurt. In the state of Georgia, Pedestrians are given the right-of-way when crossing a marked crosswalk. Pedestrians are required to yield the right-of-way to oncoming vehicles when crossing the street without a marked crosswalk. If drivers aren't paying attention then they might just hit a pedestrian and it might just be on the driver. Drivers could be so distracted due to cell phones that they run a stop light and end up hitting a pedestrian.

One of the main reasons for car wrecks in the United States is not driving under the influence or speeding. The main cause for car wrecks in America is distracted driving. People don't realize how easily a person could get in a car wreck. Looking at a text or notification on your phone could take your eyes off the road for almost 5 seconds. 5 seconds doesn't sound like a lot of time but it really doesn't even take a full second for a car wreck to actually happen.

When using your phone while driving, you should ask yourself a few questions. Do I

want to possibly go to jail today? Do I want to possibly crash today? Do I want to possibly take a life today? These are questions you should ask yourself before picking up that phone and reading that text or even talking to someone on the phone. Don't be selfish. Think about other people and the impact that using your phone while driving could possibly have on others. Put the phone down and get where you need to go.                                                                                                                                                                                             