Extracurricular activities are more important than you think. Extracurricular activities play a huge part to get you involved with things. They serve as experience, and proof that we can learn more beyond what we are regularly taught in school. If a principal decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity, it would be a good decision. Participating in extra curricular activities help people get into collage, opens people up to socialize, and benefit you for the rest of your life.

Firstly, times are changing now. People are starting to develop new interests. Especially teenagers. That means schools adapt to the students interests by adding more extracurricular activities. Collages are starting to notice that students are beginning to take on this trend, and now begin to focus more on students personal interest and personality, than the students making straight A's. Students can really find and express themselves and their passions with extracurricular activities. Classes like; art, music, theater, and technology are all examples of extra curricular classes. Clubs and sports are examples of extracurricular activities. Taking participation in all of these types of activities will show up again when you apply for collage. The reason why is because they can bring out the real you, and that is what collages want to see. They don't care that you know how to solve an inequality. They want you if you care about whats beyond what school tells you to learn. That is how extracurricular activities can play a part in getting you into collage.

Now, a lot of people tend to be introverted due to the lack of communication. Maybe they can't find people with the same interest as them. Joining clubs, or playing sports can help you find people you could possibly feel more comfortable opening up to. The more you talk to new people, the more confidence you gain to socialize. Social skills are really important too. They are practically used throughout your whole life. Taking part in extracurricular activities will not only help you open up to socialize more, but will also benefit your future. This brings me onto my next point.

Extracurricular activities will benefit you for the rest of your life. They can help you learn skills you won't learn on a daily bases. When you part take in an extracurricular activity, you are exposed to having to work with new people, problem solve, think flexible, and many more situations all varying on what you are doing. You will re encounter those times again in life. In the future, students will be getting jobs, and having to solve their own problems. Practicing handling those moments in life will help you. Like I mentioned before, having social skills is very important. This will help you be better at your job. Lets say a student joined the student council. They are coming across problems they need to solve to make their school better. They've also must think outside the box. Constantly practicing those skills will help you in life.

Extracurricular activities should be highly recommended to try in school. They can help people get into collage, open people up to socialize, and can help you in life. Students may think it controlling of a principal to make them participate in an extracurricular activity however, they should think ahead of time and realize it is actually helping them.                                      