Yes, students would drastically benefit from attending classes at home. Home schooling in it's self has sky-rocketed within the last ten years. The potential and overall efficiency of a home classroom has been brought to the public eye due to rising educational costs. Not only has it been seen as a solution to economic issues, but also the beginning of a new era in public education. An era where students can productively invite both technology and education into their homes. Students who are home schooled are more comfortable and have a much lower chance of being interrupted by events they cant control.

Scientists have proven that humans work better in environments they are comfortable in. Whether it's working construction in the middle of August, or trying to do classwork in a noisy room, the higher difficulty of the environment, the more negatively it will effect productivity. The ability for a student to work in a safe location while also receiving the same level of educational guidance as in a private tutoring lesson can be a real game changer for some students who may not work as well in a standard classroom. Home schooling can also reduce the financial and day to day preparations for traditional schooling. Based on the program used, most home schooled students don't have to worry about a lot of exercises like what to eat for lunch or transportation to and from school.

Most public schools receive between twenty and thirty days a year to be used for situations like snow days, teacher work days, and even holidays. All it takes is for a few too many of these days to be used and teachers can get behind. Which then leads to students being rushed through lessons leaving them unprepared for tests like the S.O.L and Exams. Through home schooling, students can continue to work through events that would normally cause them to miss out on school.

Natural disasters, power outages, and even man made disruptions keep students out of school countless times a year. In most cases, all that home schooled students need from home is an internet connection, and they can access their work anytime and anywhere. This allows students to stay up to date on their work and never have to rely on a secondary source such as a teacher to physically provide them with school work.

Some people say their are too many distractions in a home environment for students to work productively. Yes, distractions such as televisions and social media do exist, but how is that any different than in a school classroom. In fact, students in public schools have more distractions because they have to deal with not just their own school work, but also the people around them everyday. Bullying in America is one of the most talked about issues among the public education system, and it doesnt seem to be going away anytime soon. The most likely reason being that students are being forced to interact with each other in such a small and unfamiliar enviroment. This can lead to conflict which either ends up as bullying or fighting. One solution to or way of slowing down bullying all together is through home schooling. Many students who don't work well with others or have mental illnesses home school, because it helps to cut down on unnecessary distractions and focus them on their work.

Home schooling technology has a lot of potential. It can be used to bring education to certain parts of the world where people are less fortunate. Many children with mental disabilities use video conferencing as a tool to get the eduction they need from an enviroment that is both safe and comfortable to them. No matter the cicumstances, home schooling is an important part of secondary education. It provides comfortability by allowing students to learn in their own home. This has been scientifically proven to increase grades and promote a healthy thought process towards education. While in in public educational programs students are much more succeptible to negative views on academic studies due to emotional or physical trauma like bullying.

Public schools are frequently known for being shut down due to incidents like natural disasters and potential shootings. Secondary schooling doesnt have those issues because it mainly consists of independent work that can be done from anywhere. This allows it to acheive certain tasks that sitting in a classroom and listening to someone lecture cannot acheive. In the future, its vitality and ability to educate such a diverse group of people may help to prove its worth. 