Have you ever wanted to seek multiple opinions from others? if not let me tell you why you should. The reasons why you should ask for other peoples opinion is because only asking for one persons opinion is not enough to help you make a good choice. Sometimes it can lead to you getting in trouble with school and even your parents. Some good reasons for seeking multiple peoples opinion is you get more time to think about your choice, some people may have given you a bad answer and some may have given you a good one, and finally you have more options to decide from which is the better choice. These are the ways that seeking multiple opinions are important.

The first reason why seeking multiple peoples opinions are you have more time to think about you choice. An example of this is you have more time to think about all the opinions one by one a decide which one seems right. I have had to do this before, I was wanting some help with a situation and I did not know how to handle it so, I turned to some friends. They all gave me very good opinions about what was going on. They gave me some time to think about the choices and I choose the best possible choice that I could make to stay out of trouble and out of drama that could lead me into getting in trouble. As a result of this, I made a good choice and the situation went better than expected. This is why it is important to seek multiple opinions from people instead of one.

The second reason why seeking multiple opinions is important is that you can be given very good answers. This can occur when you are asking a group of people their opinion on something. Some people may give you opinions that are good and some may give you opinions that are bad. For example, I was hanging out with a group of friends after school. I asked for their opinion on something some of my friends gave me opinions I did not like and did not agree with but, some gave me opinions that I did like and I agreed with. I respected all of their opinions and did not say some opinions were better than the others. For that reason that is why I think it is important to seek multiple opinions on things.

The third and final reason why it is important to seek multiple options is you have more options to decide which choice is the best for you in that situation. Sometimes you may be in a difficult situation and you need to get as many opinions as possible to decide what to do. A way this can look is I was having a difficult time with family and friends. So, I went to a bunch of people I could trust and I asked them what I should do about the whole situation. Some people told me stuff that I knew was going to have a bad outcome. So, I went around asking even more people and then asking them what I should do. Finally, I got a good answer that I could trust and would have a outcome of me not getting in trouble so, I took the advice from those people and I solved the situation. Since all of that happened this is why you should seek multiple peoples opinions even if it does not come out the way you want the first time.

Some people may say that seeking more than one persons opinion is not good. They would say that it takes to long to decide which is best. They like getting the answer and being able to just roll with it and get it done and over with. It does not work that way, what if the person gives you a bad idea? it just results you in getting in trouble with school, with your parents, with your job, and just even the real world. You could do something stupid and go to jail for it because someone told you it was a good idea. I do not believe that is the case when you ask for multiple opinions you can get more than one answer. Not all of them are going to be good but, some will be good and you will make the right decision ad some will even be bad but that is just how life goes. That is why I put all the examples I did in this essay to show people that it is not bad to want to ask for more than one person to help you it honestly feels amazing when you have people who want to help and give you good ideas not bad ones. It helps me a lot when I ask for more than one opinion. Never be afraid to ask for more help. 