What if something goes wrong? The driverless cars are a good idea, but I don't think they are going to be safe. The article gives its negatives and positive things about the driverless cars, but in my opinion I don't think is a good idea to manufacture these cars. The driverless cars are not a good idea because what if something goes wrong with the technology of the car, they even have to change things in the law and add, driverless cars don't sound safe as it seems.

The driverless cars are not a good idea becuase what if something goes wrong with the technology of the car, like the passage says, if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is it fault the driver or the manufacture. If the driver gets in the accident and they don't know if the technology failed or if it was the drivers fault, it would be a mess becuase if the driver doesn't want to pay becuase its too expensive and the factory that made doesn't wanto to pay either they will have to go to court. Technology is not always perfect so I don't think they should use technology in a car just because some people don't want to drive.

They have to change a few thing in the law, according to the article most driving laws focus on keeping the passengers, drivers, and pedestrians safe. One of the laws is that the driver has control at all times, with the driverless car you are not the only one in control the car is too, so like I said early what if the technology of the car fails. Even if traffic law changes, new laws have to be establish in order to cover liability in case of an accident. To make the changes in the law it would be another mess and a lot of arguments to say to make it happen. These are different cars so they would have to change and add more laws.

The driverless cars don't sound so safe because the driver is not the only one in control, the car is too. The article says that the driver has its eyes on the road and the car on the driver, but if the technology fails and the car makes a mistake and becuase of the car mistake the driver would be paying the consequences of that mistake. Everybody makes mistakes so if the factory that was making the cars makes a lot of mistakes on the cars and nobody catches the problems, its going to make a lot of people pay that mistake.

The driverless cars are not a good idea becuase they don't sound safe as it seems, it has a lot of negatives things that can cause a lot of problems, and they have to change and add things to the law.          