Students who take online classes have a reason to be taking the courses through online, either its because they are going through a serious moment in their life and need a break from going to school, or got into an accident. Online classes are beneficial to students because they can still pass the class, keep up with the subject and take the class at their own pace and not worry too much and feel more suitable in their own environment. Students will also have all the time they need while at home, practice more and keep going over the subjects they struggle in the most and strengthen them.

Taking an online course can be beneficial for a student if they are going through a rough time in their life and need some time off from school and need to stay home for a few days. They can still keep up with missing work while taking the online class and take their time to get understand the topic. It can also keep them distracted from the issues they are going through and pass their classes while they are at home. Being in a class with random people can be a bit nerve wracking. Taking an online class at home can be beneficial for a person who has anxiety. they can feel comfortable at home than a classroom and not stress about not finishing the classwork that is due in the last 15 minutes of class.

If a student gets into an injury where he or she cant go to school and has to stay home for two weeks or more, the only thing they can do is take a online class. The student can stay home and recover from their injury, and still be able to get their education. if a student has trouble in a subject that arent good at, they can go over the topic as many times as they want, till they get better at it. The student can also look up on the internet if they have trouble understanding the topic, unlike in school where you can't.

Online classes benefit students who go through rough situations, although its different from being in an actual class. Students can still learn the same way, but they can take their time to review the subjects they have trouble in the most. They can also get to understand it better when they go at their own pace Sometimes students need a break and take time off and ge their mental health back on track, everyone can use some time off. 