The Usage of Cellphones Behind the Wheel

"He said, 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was texting.' I said, "Son, do you know what you just did? He said, 'I'm sorry I'm sorry,'" Kuchler quoted the pickup driver as saying." (Lozano). On the 30th of March 2013, A 20-year-old truck driver was texting and driving, hitting a mini church bus in Texas. This resulted in the loss of thirteen innocent lives. Today, majority of humans own and operate cell phones on a daily basis. And news stories like this cause a lot of controversy behind the usage of cellphones while operating a vehicle. Despite laws and bans placed on the use of cell phones while driving, each driver is accountable for their decisions on whether they wish to use their cell phone while driving.

Operating a vehicle while using your cellphone has proven to be fatal to both parties; the operator and his company. Just by texting and driving, you are six times more likely to be in a fatal accident than those who drive intoxicated. On August 27,2013, eighteen-year old, Kyle Best, caused on accident while he was texting his friends. The case stated, " Plaintiffs Linda and David Kubert were grievously injured by an eighteen-year-old driver who was texting while driving and crossed the center-line of the road.", and also later stated

"Best's cell phone record showed that he and Colonna texted each other sixty-two times on the day of the accident, about an equal number of texts originating from each." Grieving parents, children, and spouses say goodbye to a loved one because of someone or their loved one's mistake.

Although there has been a decrease of deaths of people texting and driving, people still use some type of electronic, such as a global positioning system (GPS), to navigate and take others around. Taxi drivers are the main people having to change routes multiple times a day. This can be dangerous because they are risking their lives just to make a living and they don't even realize it. Inexperienced cab drivers who are hired from phone applications such as Uber or Lyft, statistically have a higher chance of being in a car accident than those who work full time and have years of experience.

Around 2007, states started placing laws against texting while operating a vehicle. So, to the thousands of people who do it; It is illegal. Texting and driving is just as risky as driving under the influence, which means you are just as likely to get caught. In Georgia, all distracted driving charges are misdemeanors, which means they could be charged with just a monetary fine unlike others which can carry jail time. Distracted driving also gets you points on your license, and not the good kind of points. According to an online source, by getting distracted driving ticket can lead to insurance companies raising your rates. Each state and insurance company have different restrictions so it is unsure of how much they may raise it.

Despite laws and bans placed on the use of cell phones while driving, each driver is accountable for their decisions on whether they wish to use their cell phone while driving. Texting and driving affect the lives of thousands and millions of people are affected due to these actions causing fatalities and economics conflict. People need to take in consideration that they are not the only ones risking their lives while driving and texting. With that being said, no one should not be able to use their phones at any capacity while operating a vehicle.

Works Cited

Lozano, Juan A. "Witness: Truck driver in Texas crash that killed was texting." 31 March 2013. usatoday. com.

(Linda Kubert and David Kubert v. Kyle Best)                                                         