Autonomous cars seem like they would never happen, but our world is changing and they are just around the corner. Autonomous cars are cars that are driven by a computer and not a human. Although, a driver can still take control when needed. The computers know know to drive and when to stop or go. In the article it states that the autonomous cars will use half the fuel of today's taxis and they are more flexible than a bus. The new cars though are not in total control, the drivers still can drive. I do not think that the driverless are a good idea and they should not be developed. They are dangerous, very expensive, and making our world more lazy.

To begin the driverless cars are extremely dangerous. Some people will have the driverless cars and some will be normal. The driverless cars let the driver take over if needed. The seats will vibrate, the voice control will come on, or any way to get the drivers attention; according to the article. What if the driver fell asleep and is a very hard sleeper. The cars might not be able to wake him or her up in time. Then, resulting in a crash or even more tragic. I think that the cars that are not driven by a computer are in danger. The driverless car will know when to stop and go at a stop light, but what if another car goes on accident and they did not mean to. It could be a pile up and a mess. The cars are just not safe enough for me to think that they should be developed.

Another reason I do not approve of driverless cars are that they are expensive. Yes, they do get better gas millage, but the cost of the cars to begin with is going to be outrageous. Somepeople and companies are not going to be able to afford the cars. The cars savings on gas will never compare to the crazy cost of them to begin with.

It states in the article that the upgrades to existing roads will be simply too expensive to be practical. I agree with this statement completely that the money will not be practical. The cars do have more flexible schedules than busses, but i would rather ride a bus than a very expensive car. There is a possibility of it getting into a crash and then you would have to get it fixed with even more bills. The car is just too expensive and crazy.

Lastly, the car in my opinion is lazy. The world today would rather have someone else care for them and for them to just relax. Yes, relaxing is nice, but you have to know what work is. The car is just another way for the world to be lazy. Driving is not that hard on your body, it is moving your feet and paying attention. The car just allows the world to have another way to be lazy. I think that it is good for your body to pay atttention and keep your eyes on the road. It makes you not drift off and think about what you are doing. The people that will have to take control after the car can't go through crashes or traffic will not be on their top watch. They probably will be sleepy or not paying attention. I just don't like to think of another way for society to have a reason to be lazy.

In conclusion, I do not agree with the development of driverless cars. They are dangerous, cost a lot of money, and they are a way for people to be more lazy. They will not benefit our society in any way. People have more control over a car than a computer. The money that people don't have should be used on food not cars. Somepeople are having a hard time providing for their family let alone having a car payment too. Also society is lazy enough without these driverless cars. The development of autonomous cars should not happen because the cars are never going to benefit society. 