Do you ever wonder how amazing it is to study another planet. Do think of all the risks it takes? Well the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by having a thick Atmosphere, shipping orbiting, and testing electronics made of silicon.

The first reason why it is challenging is that a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide runs through Venus. In the passenge it states," on the planet's suface temperatures average over 800 degrees fahrenheit, and the atmosphere pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. "This piece is important because it gives you an example of how the temperature is really high. Plus, the perfect temperature for a human is 98.

The second reason why it is competitive is that venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on the ground conditions. In the article it says," more importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rocks, gas, or anything else, from a distance." this explains how they can't be able to experiment things without there tools. This is challenging for them because they won't be able to do much. An example is that they won't be able to photograph and videograph ineffectively.

The third reason why they it is difficult is that some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in venus's suface. In the text it states, "modern computers are enormously powerful, flexable, and quick but tend to be more delicated when it comes to extreme physical conditions." This shows how technology from now can't be used in venus. In order for them to use technology is that they have to use those old computers from back in the 1940's.

In conclusion, This is how the author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by having a thick atmosphere, shipping orbiting, and testing electronics made of silicon. Being able to explore other planets are challenging. would you risk yourself just to go to explore another planet?