The state senator that is reading this should understand that in my favor keeping the Electoral College is the wise thing to do. It will avoid run-off elections and how it always has a process if something happens and that the process is fair-hence Electoral College would be the best.

To start off, the Electoral College helps with elections be cause it avoids run-off elections. In other words it keeps us from running into problem where neither candidate gets the majority of the the votes cast. For example, in 1968 president Nixon and Clinton in 1992 each had 43 percent of the popular votes but because their electoral votes  was 301 to 370 it does matter so this means it was a run-off election until the percentage of votes changed. The Electoral College soon produces a clear winner. This is just solving a problem where no candidate recieves the majority of votes. Now there is only one con to the Electoral College and that is that it may turn off people from voting because they believe that their vote out of everybody who votes isnt enough to do a difference so they dont even vote. So voters in presidential elections are way better than just one vote deciding an election.

Furthermore, the Electoral College is consisted of 538 electors. The candidate needs atleast 270 to be elected. If they have atleast 270 and there and they are not tied, but they have the same popular votes, also known as a plurality. The Electoral Colleges 538 electors will decide. This is 100 percent fair because those electors study this, they do this for their job, and they understand. They make up for the people who didn't vote. So just think, wouldnt you want 538 professional electors deciding whos president or 538 people who dont even want to vote and dont even know about the campaign to decide whos your president. All the lying about the Electoral College that it is an anachronism is false it is a success. This is common sense if you ask me.

To conclude, the electoral college has been good to us for a long time because of how it handles situations when they go wrong-hence it is the best, why change it now?                    