Many people believe schools are public or private institutions that provide numerous forms of educational fields. However, schools have developed ,along with the advancement of technology, producing a new offering of online classes and video conferencing. Many schools are opening highschoolers to online classes to raise GPAs and to have head starts to college. The production of online classes and video conferencing is beneficial ,while bringing opportunities to emit better choices taken upon education, and the ability to exceed learning levels.

For instance, students that decide to partake of online and video classes can pace themselves, in order to learn more at their own rates. Learning at your own pace, brings understanding of curriculum, as well as preparation for tests and quizzes. Where as, rushing a student can put them on track for lower grades, which leads to lowered GPAs and struggling in the future. With the aid of Video conferencing, the student could be taught step by step what they need to know by a tutor or teacher.

In addition, online and video classes have developed to an ability to bring classes on the travel. People have taken advantage of this strategy by taking technology; such as laptops, tablets, and phones, to Cafes and Libraries, in order to access the internet to finish class projects and study for tests. This strategy has helped people dedicate their use of free time to more school related purposes. Students are able to video conference a teacher or another student to catch up on missed lessons.

On the other hand, many individuals frown upon the influx of online classes. The public believes that many people have used online and video conference classes as a slacking tool. Media tries to persuade the Public, not to apply for online classes and video conferences believing that they are a waste of time, proving that that they will not challenge you. Those people don't understand that slacking in an online class can affect your transcript, because your grade can constantly go down. Also, some schools require certain GPA's to take Standardized tests, in order to decide, if the student qualifies or not. In many cases, people rephrase from failing online and video courses, because the teachers or providers of the lessons tend to be a little harder on the student than normal teachers.

In Conclusion, more schools should offer the ability to sign up for online classes and video conferencing. The use of these new forms of teaching could help students acquire more focus towards education. 