Have you ever wonder why you have to go into the school instead of staying at home and learning there well read what I'm going to tell you and you will understand why. When my uncle was in school he didn't like being at the school so he decided to take online classes at home he thought they would benefit him so he tried it out. A few months into the online school my uncle believe he wasn't learning as much as he used to learn inside of the classroom; he felt lazy and sometimes didn't even pay attention during the online classes. My uncle also said that online classes are actually harden than you think so he enrolled back into high school and finish his high school education there.

My grand mom on the other hand thought online schools were bad because your not getting a lot of information as you would in class. So she stuck with that idea so my grandmother had no troubles in school getting great education from teachers in person. You would think that getting a education online would help you out more but it does not. She always knew if she was in school then she would be fine because she has teachers and classmates to help her out when she need it right then and there.

Some may think but hey, "being in school is not working for me" and go take a online and do better online then in school. That's understandable because you have tried to work your hardest inside of that school and it didn't help them you can do whatever you need to do to put you in the best spot for your life. About 95% of kids come to school to get there education where is actually the best place for people to get there education from.

My sister Generic_Name is thinking about taking a online class but she's doing just fine inside of the classroom she tells me "the spacing inside the classroom is too small" she could take a online class just for the classroom is small or she can ask the teacher if she can work somewhere else. Plus I feel like she gonna do the same thing mu uncle did take a online class and fail so I'm hoping she does not take that class online.

Online classes really do not help that much for students especially if there already passing the class in school why take it at home. The only benefits of taking a online class at home is just to sit on your behind all day do whatever you want all day. there are just so many benefits of being in school then being at home I hope you make the better decision and stay in the school.    