Generic_Name and Generic_Name are on their way to the pet store in seek of a household pet that can accompany them. They want to get a dog, but don't know how to take care of one. "How should we find information about taking care of a dog?" Generic_Name said with tear filled eyes. "I don't know but we should ask around the pet store for help." Generic_Name said. Generic_Name looked at him in confusion and said, "Why don't we just ask the person who works in the dog department?" Generic_Name looked at Generic_Name with a wide grin and explained, "It's better to ask more than one person when getting information because everyone has a different view on dogs and how to take care of them." Generic_Name then understood as they walked around the store asking different store employees about what they need and what they need to do to take care of a dog. Not everyone's opinion or advice is valid or important in certain circumstances. This means just asking a singular individual on a topic might not be the best choice or even give you the best advice. People should seek and ask multiple sources on advice because they get clearer information, see different view points, and get more feedback.

First off, people should seek and ask multiple people on advice because you can get clearer information on a topic. For example, I went to a website to search for how to stay calm when your stressed. It didn't give me a clear answer so I searched up another site. This one told me exact steps and procedures on how to calm yourself in a stressful situation. It gave me a better understanding on why looking at multiple sources can give someone better and clearer information. In addition, when my sister needed help at swim practice, she asked multiple people on her swim team how to do a certain stride instead of asking just one person. This helped her see an arrangement of different techniques that gave her different perspectives on how to do the one stride correctly. Later, she went up to her coach and asked her for clarification on how to do the move as well. This helped her choose whether she needed to practice her stride more or just to improve on little alterations. This leads into the next topic on how different view points can help someone make a better choice.

Next, people should seek and ask multiple people on advice because you can see from different view points. For example, I looked at reviews on a product before buying it to see what other people's opinions on the product were. If I were just to have bought the product without reading whether it would work or not, it could result in me losing my money and having a useless product. Seeing other peoples different views and opinions can alter my own opinion and lead me to a better choice in a product to pick from. Additionally, my dad, when he was picking out a cat from a shelter, took into great consideration of the advice the workers gave him on what he needed to take care of a cat and how. However, he also asked around with people in the cat owner community who helped him out as well. The different view points that the shelter and the cat owner community had were vital in the way that gave him the proper tools and techniques to use when taking care of a cat. This leads to the final example on how asking for advice from multiple people can give someone more feedback which helps them in making a choice.

Finally, people should seek and ask multiple people on advice because you can get more feedback. Furthermore, my cousin plays the trumpet at a professional level and most of the time needs feedback on his performances to see how he did. After his shows, he usually asks some audience members how he preformed and if he could improve in someway what could he improve on. It really helps him see what he needs to do better on by asking multiple people, rather than just asking a singular trumpeter in his band. It also helps him decide if he needs to practice more or if he sounded amazing and preformed at the best of his ability. As well as, when I record a video of me playing my instrument I ask more than one person for feedback. I email my band instructor on how I did and on how I can improve for later performances. I then ask my mom and dad on how I did by playing the video for them and ask if they heard that I sounded squeaky, or if I need to redo my video because the sound quality is low as well as other things. The more feedback I have on how I did, the better of chances I have improving my playing skills along the way.

Generic_Name and Generic_Name walk out of the pet store with nothing more than a dog and the essentials for owning one. They both give each other a wide smile and a sigh of relief as they walk home with their new family member. "Thanks for asking around on how to care for Fluffy," who Generic_Name had named. "It was way better than just asking one person for everything we needed!" Generic_Name looked at her again with a stern face, "Now you know the important's of not just asking one person for advice, but for asking multiple people to see their opinions and options on certain topics. Just because they don't have an answer doesn't mean that no one does." Generic_Name looks at him with a gloomy face and apologizes for her misunderstanding. "Feedback from others will also help us change and better our understanding on how to take care of our dog." As they continue to walk home, they both realize that not everyone's advice is good and not everyone is bad. But asking multiple people for help does give you a better understanding than just one straight forward answer. Some people's opinions in some situations won't help you in making a better decision. In conclusion, people should seek and ask multiple sources on advice because you get clearer information, see different view points, and get more feedback.