I agree because people should do activity's because they are fun, students can learn more, and students can be more active.

bp#1

Activity's are fun because people can use their hands. People can hangout with their friends when they do the activity's. Activity's are fun because you get to spend time with your parents if you have parents at school. Activity's are fun because you get to spend time with your brother if you have a brother in school. Activity's are fun because you get to spend time with your cusent if you have a cusent in school. Activity's are fun because you get to go outside to do the activity's.

Activity's are fun because you get to spend time with you grandma. Activity's are fun because you get to spend time with your nana.

bp#2

Activity's are a way to learn so people can have a good education. Activity's are a way to learn so people in school can get to now the activity more. Activity's are a way to learn so that students can get their grades up. Activity's are a way to learn so students can do good on their test. Activity's are a way to learn so that when you need help a teacher will help you if you need it. Activity's are a way to learn so you can learn it fast for a test in school.

Activity's are a way to learn so people don't fail their test.

Activity's are a way to learn so that students can learn more.

bp#3

Activity's are more active when nobody is arguing. Activity's are more active when you are lessening. Activity's are more active when everybody is lessening to the teacher. Activity's are more active when students are more fun. Activity's are more active when you follow the instructions. Activity's are more active when you are doing your work.

Activity's are more active when everybody is quite. Activity's are more active when people are sitting down.

hook: I thank people should do activity's because they are good, they can help you though you test, and they can help you do good on you test.

I agree because people should do activity's because they are fun,

students can learn more, and students can be more active.