Not everyone thinks the same way, if you ask someone for their opinion and they suggest one thing, not everyone will agree with what they suggest. However if you ask more than one person for their opinion, you will get a better idea of what people want and like. If you can only buy one shirt but have two shirts you like, you could ask your friends. Assuming you have good friends they will give you their honest opinion. You can than then buy the shirt that most of your friends suggest.

Getting multiple opinions can make you happier. Your friends know you very well and will sometimes know what you want before you even know what you want. A lot of your friends can make big decisions for you because they know what you want. If you want to get a hair cut, but have no idea how you want to get it cut, ask some of your closest friends. They can give you a great idea that will make you happy.

It can also reduce stress in your everyday life. If you don't know what you should buy, or what type of clothing to wear ask people for their opinion. You can then take their opinion and buy what they suggest. You won't have to worry about fitting in because you are using peoples opinions, since it's what they like and think they won't make fun of you and stress you out.

You shouldn't only ask your friends for opinions though, you should ask your family. Your family should know more than your friends do about you. In most cases you have lived with your family for many years and spent most of your life with them. They know everything there is to know about you, and know what would make you happy down to the tiniest detail. They will also give you their honest opinion like;whether or not they like an outfit, if a hair cut works on you, whether or not a jobs a good fit for you, if a friend is a good influence on you, and much more.

It's also important to not only ask people for their opinion and do what you want to do and get what you want to get. No matter how well people know you, you know yourself best. Don't start only doing what other people want just to fit in. Be different and do what you want.

Not everyone wants what's best for you, people you think you are close to and trust might give you bad advice on purpose so you make a bad decision. Make sure you can completely trust the people whose opinions you get so you don't make a bad choice.

Getting multiple opinions can change the smallest things in your everyday life, ranging from your hair cut to the type of car you buy. It will make your overall life happier. However it's important to not let other peoples opinions take away from what you want and make you less of yourself. Don't only ask people for their opinion, pick things out for yourself nobody can make decisions for yourself better than you.