The summer project should be Teacher-designed because the teacher knows more about the subject than students do. the main reason why a summer project would be assigned is for students to continue their learning career during break. Most school projects are usually not hard but time consuming. They really help students to not forget about what they are learning about. In the summer time, students tend to take their whole mind off school because there is no work to do, but if they have a project to do, its easier to keep your mind on the subject your learning.

If the teacher was the creator of the project, it would be so much more straight forward and exactly on the topic that he or she was going for. The reason why it wouldn't be a good idea for a student to create the project is because it may not be what the teacher wants us to learn, for example, if we are going to read a summer book, and then write a summary on the book; the student can choose a book that: they already read, a very short book, or a book that has nothing to do with the topics they learned about. If the teacher assigned the book, She would let them read and study a book she thinks is best for what they learned over the year.

Another point about why teachers should be the one who designs the projects is because, They have more knowledge about the topic. For example, my history teacher gave us a project to do on world war II, and we had the choice to either create the project ourselves, or for the teacher to design it for us. We had one week to decide either or not we should design it or not, so we made a chart. The outcome of this chart should us that it would be best if the teacher designed it for us. The reasons for letting our teacher design for us was: the teacher is gonna be grading it so we want to know how to do it right, if we were the ones to design the project, and everyone in the class has a different subject, then it would be very confusing on the teacher to grade or talk about in class when we come back in the summer.

The only reason I feel like would be a better idea if the students designed the project is because it gives more creativity for the students. The problem about that is, the student can do the project the way the teacher does not want it to be made. I think the best way to handle this situation is if the teacher gave the students a specific topic and specific rules to the project. In that case the student can be creative but at the same time, the teacher would be able to grade it and talk about it in the class for everyone to listen, because everyone's project would be on the same subject.

In conclusion, the teacher should design the project because, it would give the student a better understanding on the subject that the class is learning about. Students would have a broader thought about what they learned about in that class. They would not forget about what they learned, and they would keep it in mind through out the whole year. It is honestly hard to remember everything you learned during the year, so summer projects are great for students, if the teacher was the one who designed it.