I personally believe that it would be very great for us to have access to that. Per say if some of us are sick, they can still attend school and not be behind on their work. Or a student is off on a trip, but they need to help with a project, they can still assist.

Now, some people will disagree with me and say that we do not need that, people do not want to bring school into their home lives, or that students should go to school anyway. I do not fully disagree with them, students should try to go to school as much as they can. But it would be nicer to have, lets say a child misses the bus, they will still be graded, or say that child is sick, they can still work.

I hope that if this does get added that it will be used as well, it is such a simplistic idea, yet a efficient one. Keep students learning at all times, if they miss the bus, so what, they can still be taught. Though some classes would be odd, take gym for example, you would never be able to do that, or some labs in science, or some work in math. But those problems would be fixed sooner or later, maybe a Google form sent, or a test on the stuff when you come back. Who knows, maybe at one point even home schooled kids could be 'students' and learn with others.

Personally I have been sick longer then most people, and being able to stay home but do work would be a blessing, so I support this, sadly others might not support it. Take students who hate school in general, they might not even get this app for the classes at home, or dont even come to school at all. They alone would ruin it, because most students wouldn't use it, and that would make it to where no teacher would use it, so they cant assist the sick students, or the students who need help, but missed the bus.

I hope that you all have taken this into account, how helpful this would be, if one students dislikes it though most teachers won't use it, that is the problem. If you are going to try it, let the students who want to learn and do something with their life use it, and to the students who dont want to use it, let them work at a place like burger king, or star bucks. After all, the more students learn the better off they could be, as well as the school would look better, so who knows, I think this thing would work very well though, and that it is a great idea.