Having a classroom from the comfort of home has always been an idea floating in people's head. Different from home schooling, online classes or sessions can now be done through technology. Now, video conferencing can and is being used today in colleges and other places around the world. could be very beneficial to students because it can be less stressful and they won't miss any lessons.

Online classrooms should be less stressful for students. They won't have to deal with as many policies as they would in a normal facility. For example, dress code, library, and after school violations should immediately be out the window. Another reason why it could be less stressful is because they won't have to deal with as many people. Cyber bullying is still going around, but there shouldn't be any physical bullying. They also won't have as much drama as they would in school, which could result in better focus on their tasks. It would help them get better grades with less stress.

Since the classes are online, they shouldn't miss any lessons. They will have an entire day to work on an assignment that would most likely be due the next class. An entire day is more than enough time to get everything done for one class. Even if the students are sick, they won't miss a lesson. They won't be marked absent and wouldn't have to do any make up work, they will already have the lesson there for them.

As stated before, they "shouldn't" miss any lessons. Occasionally, students procrastinate and won't get work done. They like to do other things that grab their attention, rather than work on an assignment from a teacher. The fact that classes would be online shouldn't restrict students from getting assignments done. They still have their responsibilities to take care of. There are no excuses.

Online classes can be beneficial to students. It can be less stressful and they won't have any days off. They will still have their responsibilities, as if they were in an actual facility,to get their work done. There would be less problems and more time for them to do their work. Students should be able to stay on task and be in the comfort of their home. If the school board were to make this change, it would be very beneficial to students.