"Advice leads to experience, experience leads to success." When seeking advice, have you ever received bad advice?

Bad advice can put yourself in unsavory situations which is why you should always have advice from multiple people. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by providing different perspectives of that decision as well as including insight on experiences that they have gone through that are either the same of similar.

Different perspectives from people can lead to better decisions made.

Everyone has a different background which can include their ethnicity, economic standing, political viewpoints, religion, social structure, profession and so forth.

For example, my mother is a full Korean, democratic person who is a teacher that believes in free health care.

However, my father is a Caucasian, republican person that works at a government job that believes in the complete opposite.

This in turn makes everyone especially unique and different when it comes to viewpoints and perspectives.

When facing a choice, seek different people to get a variety of answers as this can help you discover different possibilities and consequences of your actions.

Furthermore, different perspectives can also leave you with different choices than before.

To summarize, Different perspectives can change someone's decision for the better and lead to less negative effects.

Everyone has faced experiences and problems before in their life.

The more diverse people around you, the more different experiences they have faced and overcame throughout their lives.

Everyone can provide you with insight on the experiences they faced that could be similar or the same as yours.

For example, my father got caught cheating on a test he was taking, but he lied about the cheating to the teacher.

When the truth came out that he lied,

the consequences were severe.

This in turn helped my father realize that its better to be honest than to lie at all, which is what he told me when I was caught with little integrity.

In short, experiences that everyone face can lead to more variety in choices.

In summary, the culmination of ideas leads to a more detailed and effective response or choice that can have less negative effects and more positive changes.

Looking for multiple opinions can lead someone to make a better decision by providing different perspectives of that choice as well as including much needed insight on experiences that someone has gone through that are either the same or similar to yours.

Always ask advice from multiple sources to get variety in your decisions and see potential perspectives.                           