The possiblity of driverless cars conserving not only gas and money but also be proactive in saving the planet would be an irrisitable goal. There may be some "liability" in the manufacturing of these cars but there could be even greater achivements as well. Not including the abundance of money the economy would save on gas alone would be plentiful and amazing.

There is without a doubt some faults in sensatizing in the automotavies being created. There will never not be faults in some sort of new brand from phones to airplanes there will always be a fault somewhere so to completely throw this idea out is absurd and uncalled for. Even now we still have a little help from our sensors an example would be the "Dubbed LIDAR" sensor on top of the car to sense the cars surroindings my mother is thankful for hers im sure.

There is of course problems with driving assist somtimes it is others who cause the accident are technology can not control what us stupid humans decide to do , but mabe it can. With new and inproved drving assit there could be a possible decrease or reduction in accidents and automotavie fatalities. Drivless cars could sense a car coming into your lane sending the car into brake mode stopping it before your hit. There may even be a possibility the trafic lights connect with the sensors to alert the car to stop before running a red light and possibly killing a crossing pedestrian. As the article states " None of the cars developed so far are completely driverless".

Without a doubt there would be at least one legislative pearson who would vote aggainst this. I was in a state of shock to learn that California and Florida are part of the verry few states who are against "semis-autonomous cars". Though they do have grounds for their descison do the fact they extremley populated and condensed they still should be open to the idea of driverless cars. Even thought there are states that do not agrree or even condone this there are still improvements being made to soon create a autonomous car.

In conclusion I belive that no one pearson will understand the importance in autonomous cars. There will always be the possibility of theses cars to the save not only pople and money but the enviroment as well. There will never be a time on earth where we as humans will stop improving are lifes and necesities just rember that the next time somone mentions the autonomous car or the driverless car.                  