It is true that there will be a lot of benefits of having driverless cars in the future, utilizing this invention could mean less human error on the roads, having those cars to be used as public transportation could be really convenient since everyone will have access to a form of transportation especially those who do not have a car to begin with, but driverless cars might be too reliable. Although this is all well and good, there are challenges and hurdles driverless cars will have in the community, safety will still be a concern to some people.

If by any chance driverless cars are widely used and completely implented to our civilization, new laws will be made involving the safety of people when in a driverless car and everyone completely abandoned the concept of driving manually.

Now what if everything else fails and one day the driverless cars stopped working, no one will be able to get to their own destinations with ease, you will also never know when these machines will malfunction since they are completely automatic in terms of driving. Unless the issues are solved and driverless cars are safe and reliable enough, it should not be used by the community yet.

This technology is still new to us and poeple just started working on driverless cars. We as people should be a bit forgiving, and it is okay to give negative opinions about it. It just means those are the things they need to fix and it could help them improve driverless cars. I agree that a driver should be given an option for drivers to drive and use autopilot by simply giving us a feature of turning it on and off. I still do not have a good feeling of relying to machines completely, machines might be rarely making mistakes but they are far too unpredictable unlike having humans behind the wheel, which again, one of the reasons people have a concern about and requested laws and regulations from the government. In consluion, technology is great but it should not be controlling our way of life on a daily basis too much than necessary.