The abilitiy to read the emotion of a student in a classroom is a posotive thing that might come about in the future. There are multiple reasons why it would be a good thing.

Some reasons are benefits to students and some are benefits to the teacher.

For the benefit of the students wouldn't it be great if the teacher could tell if someone was confused. If the teacher could tell that then the teacher could offer some one on one help or have a classmate explain it to them. If a student was having trouble with something and they were contemplating just giving up the additional help could work to push them forward. If the student is a high school student and they were strugling in class and got some help and things became clear maybe that would motivate them to try more resulting in better grades and that would lead to possibly scholarships. If students realized something and then it became easy and possibly even fun for them they might find what they want to do in life. It would aslo help to lower dropout rates if students enjoyed what they were doing.

Now moving on to the benefits for teachers. If a teacher could tell that a student was bored with their class they could try to add some fun to it. They might play kahoot to review which would make the students happy and also maybe seeing the students happy would put the teacher in a better mood. If the teacher could tell someone needed help they could step in and provide that help and possibly change the course a student was on. This could help the teacher to feel as though he changed a student's life and make them feel great and like they're doing the job they were meant to do. They might realize that it could work for more than one student and that could improve their teaching skills. If their teaching skills improve so does the experience of the students. This would also help to show someone what they should do in life and also help keep them motivated and in school.

So in general the idea of a technology that could read a students emotions is a promissing prospect. It will have many benefits for both students and teachers. It might help to cut dropout rates and increase the amount of people getting college degrees. It would help to improve the lives of many people and the increased amount of educated people would improve the country. So yes if the technology to read emotions ever becomes available we should use it in our schools.