"NO SCHOOL ON MONDAY!" The first text I recieved from a friend after Generic_Schools announced that students didnt have to attend school on the 16th of March. We were then informed by FCPS that they would use that Monday to prepare teachers for the possibillity of having school online due to the coronavirus. Although, if this procedure for the coronavirus were to be followed, every student would be required to do distance learning but what if they gave kids the option of learning online for those who wanted to? Seeing that this will probably happen I started to realise all the benefits that distance learning had to offer such as the comfort and convinience from being at your own home. Many school counties have already switched to online school because of the coronavirus and I am constantly informed by my friends about how distance learning is the best thing thats happened to them.

I always hear from education board members that "school is always about the comfort of the students." then why not offer distance learning? Anxiety is at an all time high for teenagers between the ages of 13-17 and although they can still attend school, how are they expected to be educated when they are too worried about asking a question or how other students view them? Giving the option for distance learning would get the students who were to nervous to ask their question to ask it without having the same nervous feeling as they did in regular school. Also those who are afraid of being judged for their clothes or outfits will no longer be afraid for they will be at a comfortable enviroment where they can wear what they want. These simple problems can be solved by offering distance learning for teenagers who have want the comfort of being in their own enviroment without people judging them for their actions or mistakes.

As an athlete I have to miss some days of school due to tournaments or road trips but that can be resolved by offering school online. The convinience of having school online is impeccable and can potentionally keep kids from missing more school days then the average student does. Say a student is sick and cannot go to school, with distance learning the student can still get their education with the convinience of not leaving their home. I can see myself using distance learning when far away from school for it will be avalible to me aslong as I have internet connection. This convinience will give schools the opprotunity to give students education to everyone,anytime, anywhere in almost every situation.

Although not everyone may have internet connection but they can still attend school. Distance learning will not be required but offered so if one does not have internet they will proceed to attend school how they usually would. Also if students wanted a more hands on learning they could just attend regular school instead of taking the class online. Having school online may be convienent but students could just skip class easily right? Wrong, due to the convinience of having school at home there would be almost no excuse for missing it other then oversleeping but then the teacher can just contact the students parent or guardian. I was asked by a peer "wouldnt lunch and bathroom breaks not be a thing then?" No, one would use the restroom and can eat lunch at their own schedule instead of having to constantly ask the teacher or wait for a set time to eat which is one of my favorite personal benefits of distance learning.

Regular school isnt so bad but offering distance learning would be a good option for people to have. If schools offer distance learning they are giving students the option to having the convinience and the comfort of being at their own home. As technology develops and gets better and better I believe that distance learning will be far more beneficial then regular school in the future which is why I think that online school should be offered.