Most people find that when they are faced with a hard decision, they seek advice from their peers. But why do we do this? As humans we are natural team workers this means whenever we are come in contact with a problem, or choice we work together to figure out the best possible out come. I believe that this is a very good trait to have because when we have a choice to make we learn the different perspectives of your friends, peers and learn all the mistakes and choices not to make.

Learning different perspectives when making a decision is very beneficial to you. You can find out all of the pros and good outcomes like money, seeing new places or you could learn all the cons like spending less time with family and loved ones, or being stressed out. I believe it knowing different perspectives and views becomes very useful and helpful when making sure that your choice will ultimately lead you to happiness. However you still need to be educated on all the ways to keep out of trouble and in check by learning all the mistakes and errors you can make when making a choice.

In the process of making a decision discovering all the areas where mistakes and errors can be made is imperative. learning how to go over every small detail could play a big part in your final decision like going over how much free time you will have, if you wont be dumped with work constantly. Learning how to handle situations with communication and problem solving skills will help you indefinitely when coming to a conclusion. Listening to other peoples mistakes also helps you decide when to actually confirm and make your choice because some people wait to long or they make their decision to fast and it ends up not working out in their favor. this also another reason why I

strongly believe that taking advice from your peers when making a decision is a very important part of the process.

The decision making process while being extremely difficult is very important you make decisions everyday of your life like what your going to eat, what you are going to wear but some of your decisions might be more important. When it come to those big decisions, life changing decisions i believe that you should tackle those on your own but with your friends, family and experienced personnel. Taking advice helps change the way you think and sometimes chnages your whole mindset, in making a decision knowing every possible outcome and point of view could be the difference of your life being really awesome or it being misserable and depressing. Thats why I believe seeking advice is super beneficial when coming to a conclusion.   