Have you ever wanted to make new friends or get a job easier? Extracurricular activities can help with that. Lots of people don't take advantage of this useful tool you get in school. There are many different types of extracurricular activities and there is always something for everyone. I believe everyone should participate in an extracurricular activity because it is fun to try something new, you can meet new people, and it can help later in life.

Extracurricular activities allow people to try new activities. I really enjoy participating in my school's Crew Club. Crew Club is where we get on rowing machines and practice technique. I did not think I would enjoy Crew Club, but I tried something new and this is now my second year participating and I am planning on joining the high school team next year. If I did not try something new last year I would have never had even considered joining the high school team. You might not realize you enjoy an activity until you try. Making everyone participate in an extracurricular activity will allow people try new activities they might not realize they enjoy.

Extracurricular activities can also help you make friends. I have met a lot of new people from going to Crew Club because they share similar interests. Going to clubs puts you with a bunch of people who enjoy the same activity. I was very nervous to join crew club, but if I did not I would have never met the people I am friends with now. Some people find it difficult to find friends, but people can come together from an activity. I believe people make friends a lot faster if they share common interests. Making something in art or playing a sport as a team can bring people together. This is why I feel it is important for people to participate in activities they enjoy and can be themselves in.

Extracurricular activities can also help later in life. Participating in an activity can help you get a job. You can show experience from activities you did in school. For example, if you are thinking of getting a writing job saying that you did a lot of years working on your school's yearbook might help. Writing in school can help you improve your writing and editing skills, but if someone takes a writing club or the yearbook class it can help them even more. Also, if you play in a sport like running or swimming you are more likely to continue it in the future. Continuing a sport can help keep you in shape and healthy. This can help you live longer and have a better life.

People might not want to require extracurricular activities, however requiring extracurricular activities can help a lot more people improve their skills and making new friends. I believe everyone should participate in an extracurricular activity because it is fun to try something new, you can meet new people, and it can help later in life.

Even if it is not required we should all do at least one extracurricular activity. There is nothing wrong with helping yourself, making strong habits, or making new friends.