Dear, Principal

I think that your idea is good but i think it need some minor changes. This is indeed a great idea in the nutshell but there are some things that I must argue about. Such as the fact that some kids are just bad a school but great at sports, also it think that this rule should change when it come to the reasons as to why they have a C or a D.

Your idea is great but it need a bit of fine tuning along the lines of the mental capacity of the kids. There are some people that are the greatest of athletes in our school but some of them just cant learn properly. So consider this: if we have a super basketball player but he or she is a bit slow thus they have a C and you kick them off the team that seems a bit unfair. Also if the child is an immigrant they might not be able to learn for a while and once thy do learn the time for their sport might be already over. Also what if the child is not a bad kid just that he came back from a vacation and has a lot to catch up to and they have a C then its not very fair.

There are some bad sides to this issue but there is also good reasoning to this. After all why should kids who don't care about school be aloud to join a sports team? The ability to do a sport is a privilege and they should work for it. then again the grades might be perfect but the kids citizenship is horrible that's a different story altogether. I under stand why you did this but I think that you should put this into affect after the season is over so the kids have time to adjust to the change right now it seems like its just out of the blue.

I think that this is a good idea but you shouldn't base it on grades, instead you should base it on citizenship marks. Like I said what if the kid is a bit slow and cant help but get bad grades then what? My idea is to use citizenship marks to define weather or not to let them join sports. If that doesn't suit you then i suggest to first check their background first before you decide any ways I still think that you should put this rule into affect after this trimester so kids can adjust.

From,

a kid