Imagine living in a world were cars do not need drivers for it to move. In this world, there are advancements in new technolgy, less accidents that occur, and people are happy. The driverless cars will potentially provide these. Cars that could drive themselves are very essential to making big advancement in society. When these cars come, they will have the ability to change the world positively.

There are many positive aspects when it comes down to these driverless cars. Firstly, they will provide huge and new advancements in technology. With that being said, there has already been a model of what these cars will have. According to paragraph four, a model car consists of "... a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera... four automative radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor." These advancement will contribut to safer driving. With technology evolving comes better safety and less aqccidents are likely to occur. For example, drunk driving has been a huge cause of deaths. Smarter cars will essentially lessen promblems like that. Also, with more developed sensors, it is palpable that accidents are not prone to happen. These cars are super efficient for people too. The text states, "The cars he forsees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus." This will save people time and money. The car advancement is essential.

Some people may argue that these cars bring a negative aspect. They worry that these cars' technolgies could fail and they only feel secure when the car is driven with a human driver in control at all times. They also reason that sensors are nothing new. As a result of people claiming that these cars are unsafe, it has been illegal in most states to even test theses cars. They do not feel comfortable being in a vehicle that drives itself.

These advance cars are surely safe. Others argue that the cars are unsafe and does not allow testing the car; however, how would they know whether the car is safe or not if they have never used it before? The technolgies need to be tested and improved for these cars to be self-driven. According to paragraph five, "Further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more driving tasks on their own." Sensors have become more advance to detect and respond so that the cars are safer. For those who argue that they do not feel safe without a human driver in control, the cars are not completely driverless. The car actually notifies the driver when the road requires human skills ("Driverless Cars Are Coming). These cars are built trying to help make it more safe for driving.

These driverless cars are the new advancement. The advancements in technology are becoming more and more incredible. These cars are the next step in creating a better society. They are super efficient and helps provide safety for the people. These driverless cars do bring significant and positive aspects.