While some students may think it's a beneficial to do classes from home it can cause a huge distraction for students. Students could be distracted by games ,or not want to accept a video conference from the teacher ,and instead be distracted by YouTube, or friends. Instead, students should go to school to gain knowledge first hand instead of gaining it from a conference call from teachers or online classes. That way, students cannot be distracted by the internet and not only that but make new friends in their classroom.

Students should go to school to gain their knowledge due to the fact that gaining knowledge first hand is more efficient than talking via computer screen. Talking to a teacher face to face is much better than a one on one computer screen chat. The reason for that is during the one on one chat there could be bad connection and a student may not hear what the teacher said and could possibly miss out on some important info about the lesson they're learning. There many benefits to going to school like learning in person. Because, if students are learning in person they can learn more about something instead of the online textbook. Working in groups is another good reason students should go to school it requires the student to be social with their group members and possibly make new friends while working on a project or classwork. After school activities are important for students because colleges look at how active students are after school. Like, joining a club or helping give back to the community with other student, this also falls into being social, this will increase the students chance to go to college just by staying after and doing some activities.

While going to school can be better than learning via online classes. Taking online classes do have some benefits like, not having to miss a single lesson due to snow ,or having a one on one conference with the teacher, and having to stay home to learn the lessons. But, going to school is better because students or parents won't have to pay for the online lessons its simply free and effective. What if a student wants to take online classes but either the student can't afford it, or the student's family is in poverty no matter what students will have to go to school. The only reason school should be online is if theres a snow day. The school should provide students with laptops that way if there is a snow day teachers can post the notes on a site like Google Classroom and students can take the notes from the site.

In conclusion, Students should get off their computers and go to school for learning. Learning from a computer screen can be distracting ,and students who do take online classes could be lazy and not do their work or not listen to the teacher at all. Online classes should only happen if theres a snow day for the school that way if students do miss out on classes the notes will be online. Schools should provide students with a laptop for the online classes. Students benefit from learning in a classroom because the student can be social in class and make new friends, or learn with other people, and ask for help from students if a student didn't get something.