Studies show that students lose information over the summer break, if thats the case then the solution is to keeping working during the summer. some schools have summer projects to keep students from losing any information. The option for the projects are either that they are teacher-designed or student-designed. I believe the required summer projects for students should be teacher-designed because it allows the teacher to chose what subject they work on, if students designed it they would make it too easy, and the teacher can make it fit each students level.

First off, some subjects in school are more important than others, like math is more important then king tut of Egypt. Students may not realize the importance of some subjects and chose a different one to do their project on. An example is when I chose my sophomore classes, I decided that choir was more important then my history class. Making that choice ended up meaning I knew less about history, I had to take the lass later on, and it kept me from seeing how crucial history is. Teachers on the other hand have a better clue as to whats more important. The teacher would know what subject is most forgotten or which subject will be best for the student to learn. That is why the summer project should be teacher-designed.

Secondly, everyone knows kids like to slack off when we can. We skip work, right fake answers, and cheat to get out of doing all the work assigned. If the subject of the project is left for the student to chose then it might not do them any good in retaiing proper information. When the student is told to find something to do a project on they would probably find a topic they recently did well in or something far beneath there skill level. An example that shows this is when I had to chose a format for my final project in my honors English class. I could chose between many different things: a regular essay, a research paper on the events of the story, or even a rap song that explains the book. I chose to write a letter as one of the characters because it didnt challenge me as much as the other choices. If given the chance a student will almost always chose the easy work which is why a teacher should design the project so that the student is challenging themselves and growing.

Next, "All men are not created equally" is a quote often used by teachers when telling kids not to compare themselves to others. This reinforces that a teacher should create the project because the only person who knows your academic level other then you, is your teacher. Teachers pay attention to the students and see how much help they need and where they are at in terms of their learning. In my 9th grade year I had a science project. It was the exact same project as everyone else had. My teacher realized that it would be too easy for me and I would get nothing from it so she gave me a harder one. If she had not have payed attention tome as a student she woudn't have seen where i was compared to the class. This is a perfect example as to why a teacher should create the project, so that the teacher can give the students projects at a level that is achievable for them but will also keep them on track.

People might argue that the students should have their own choice as to what they create it on. The students free choice would come out during the creation of the project meaning it could be perfect for them and then they work on it in their own way. I believe the required summer projects for students should be teacher-designed because it allows the teacher to chose what subject they work on, if students designed it they would make it too easy, and the teacher can make it fit each students level. 