Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Students should not be able to participate in any sports or any other type of activity , unless they have a B average . This would help the students by encouraging them to get better grades. It will not only help them now but also in the future and it will help to boost there spirits.

My premier reason is because it will help students to want to get better grades. If I find out that we have to get a B average to stay in Robotics. I would make sure that I do all of my homework , participate in class no matter what type of mood I'm in , and also I would be sure to study to do good on my tests. My teachers always tell me " You need to make sure you get your assignments in . One 0 can bring down your grade , a lot .". I never really take it seriously . I know that's bad but, I have no reason too . But if I did have a reason too , for example I have to have a C . Then I would make sure I work to the best of my abilities to get that B or above.

Having good grades from middle school to high school is a great thing. no one wants to have D' s and F' s on there record . Its really not something you want . Having low grades can really affect your GPA when you get to High School. A lot of colleges have a cut off limit for your GPA , and that one little extra boost of encouragement can make you really get good grades and really do good in the future. If you have goals and aspirations in life this will help you to not only do good in school but it will help you do good in the future. You might not think this will help you now but it will .

When I study really hard, it makes me feel good when I get my test back . If I spent hours studying and I got even a B, I would be satisfied. I love to see people smile . Especially if its a good thing like passing a test. I find it so nice to get back a test and just think in my head " Alright , I got a 100% . " I get this accomplished feeling inside , and I would think its like that for most people. Getting good grades really brightens up a bad day sometimes. It gives you that extra boost to want to do good in life .

I think that having a cut off limit for students to participate in after school is necessary in all schools. It will give people the extra boost they need to be successful . It will help them to be the best that they can be now and in the future and also it will encourage them to get good grades and honors at school . Every little bad grade counts. So encourage students to get good grades. Besides , Who doesn't love getting honors ?