When you ask multiple people for advice, you are most likey to make the decision that everyone is satisfied with. Asking only one person does not give you the advantage of hearing different opinons. If you ask multiple people, the best answer will be brought up more than once. Listening to multiple people and their solutions may help you come up with an idea that you have not thought of. Only asking one person for advice is less beneficial, for everyone and for yourself.

Asking multiple people for advice will give you different perspectives on how you should handle the problem. When choosing what to do, having an idea of what might happen next will impact your final say for the better. Having different opinions on the matter will help you rule out the unfavorable ones, and leave you with the ones you are most satisfied with. The people you ask will provide you with perspectives that you did not think of, helping you put an end to your issue.

Multiple people being asked the same question will definitely bring up the same answer more than once. On an issue that requires guidance, your friends will probably bring up the answer that another friend already brought up. Getting the same solution over and over again may mean that it is the most reasonable answer. Asking only one friend may prevent you from getting the answer that makes the most sense.

Getting advice from multiple people may help you come up with an answer you did not think of. Getting different perspectives might help you to come up with your opinion on the matter. Your friends opinion may influence your own, creating a solution you did not think about. If you ask only one friend you get only one perspective to help influence your own for the better or worst.

Asking multiple people is the best way to insure that you will get the answer that sits well with everyone. If you ask one person their answer could be affected by other variables, so asking multiple people is your best and safest bet. The benefits of asking more than one person for advice are huge so you should be taking advantage of that. When you do ask the ones you trust for advice, the solution will eventually make its way to you.