Have you ever wanted to participate in extracurricular activities? Well now you can. Extracurricular activities are great ways to really get out there and show who you are. They also help with stuff daily like when you do an activity you can also learn how to do stuff for yourself every single day. I agree that every student should have to do one extracurricular activity because, doing actives outside and having to move a lot will keep you fit and healthy, when you work hard on things to maybe help your school it will make you think outside of the box, and extracurricular activities will help you meet new people and make new friends.

You should really participate in sporting extracurricular activities because it will keep you fit and healthy. When you are playing sports you are moving and this in an extracurricular activity. When you move and workout it helps you to burn fat which will make you healthier and more fit. As well as when you do activities that make you move you will have more fun and have a great time. There was this one time where I was really bored and had nothing to do in Elementary school so my friends told me to sign up for this running club where they do activities and really practice running. It really helped me have fun and, it also helped me get fit. So if your a sporty kid or not you should participate in sporting activities because you will have a lot of fun and will get really fit.

Working on things for your school is a great extracurricular activity. When you work for the school maybe under a project it makes you think outside of the box. When you think outside of the box your getting out of a small mindset and doing projects and working hard is a great way to practice getting out of the small mind set and really think big. When you work on school projects you must also work efficient so it is a great way to practice how to work efficient. In Elementary school I worked on the school yearbook. It was a lot of fun and I really had to work hard and smart so I could make the yearbook look really good .So if you can learn how to work efficient and use big ideas you can really do anything.

When you do extracurricular activities you are able to make new friends. This is a great way to just join in with everyone and have a lot of fun and meet new people. When you do activities in sports you can meet new people who also love sports or who have other of the same interest as you. When you maybe do and extracurricular activity for an art club you can meet other people that love art and then maybe you guys can become friends. I once did a basketball club in Elementary school. Even though I was not that good I still met friends who were just like me just there to learn. That is why extracurricular activities are great ways to meet new friends.

I chose to agree that that every student should do one extracurricular activity instead of disagree. I think that you should do extracurricular activities they will really help you in every way possible. I agree that every student should have to do one extracurricular activity because, doing actives outside and having to move a lot will keep you fit and healthy, when you work hard on things to maybe help your school it will make you think outside of the box, and extracurricular activities will help you meet new people and make new friends.