I support driverless cars to an extent. Driverless cars seem like they could help out a lot, but as paragraph nine states, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault---the driver or the manufacturer?"

That's a good question too because the driver wasn't expecting for the technology to fail, but the driver should have been ready anyways.

I enjoy the things that current smart cars do like stopping for you because it can sense the environment, but if we rely on smart cars too much it can be a problem. For example if we would rely on smart cars too often there are chances where we expect a certain thing that the car can do for our safety, but it ends up malfunctioning and causing an accident that could be deadly. I think we should stick with driverless features, but not rely on them because you always need to be ready just in case they do malfunction. It can be very deadly if you completely rely on your driverless car.

I agree with parargraph eight in it's explanation of texting and driving because many people text and there are many accidents every year due to texting and driving. In the paragraph the text states that, "Such displays can be turned off intantly when the driver needs to take over---something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. In this way, the in-car system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern."

I find this to be very helpful for someone who texts and drives, it could possibly lower accidents caused by texting and driving. It could be very helpful to people with emergencies too where they have to respond immediately to a message, but they're driving, if they have a smart car they can let it take over for a small moment to answer the text message.

I'm going to refer back to paragraph nine again about laws being affected by driverless cars. In paragraph nine it states, "Presently, traffic laws are written wih the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. As a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars."

New laws will have to be made in order to make driverless cars legal and tht could be a problem because of all the work that is put into creating laws anyways. It could cause a confusing mess with the law system and driver's license tests would have to be remade to fit the requirement of driverless cars. Safety laws would also be affected because of the malfunctions that could happen with driverless cars as I talked about above.

As I said before, I agree with driverless cars to an extent. There can be positive effects of driverless cars, but there can also be negative effects too. I feel that we need the option to have a driverless car, but still rely on yourself to drive it and only use the driverlees option when necessary.