Dear Principal,

Community service. I think that it should be an option for students to do community service. My reasoning for this is because : not all students will have the time, some students wont do it from the heart, and also this will bring uprisings among the students.

As I stated my first argument for my opinion is not all student will have the time. Making someone do something is not always the best choice because student can be really busy and the you just may not know this. In the shape that the environment is in now most parents have to work therefore there may not be enough time -looking into their schedule. It's not as easy as to just get driving to the destination. That needs time and with time come money. They will have to pay for gas and squeeze something in their schedule that they know won't fit. This is also how stress occurs.

My second reason that I feel community service should be optional is that some students wont do it from the heart. Nowadays a lot of kids feel that is important to impress their friends so they do thing for attention ,hence; the task will never be done from the heart. There are some students who are willing to do this and then there are those one who wouldn't give a "hoot!" Well this is why this should be optional and not mandatory. As an example, if I were to go to a party and wanted it clean so I made it mandatory for kids fourteen and up to clean the area then most of them wouldn't do it from the heart, whereas just asking form volunteers you know the job will get done whole-heartedly

My third and final reason why community service should be optional is be cause this will cause uprisings among the students. We all know that once a student is told to do something that they feel is "stupid" then this will cause attitudes, arguments, and yelling. No person likes to be around this twenty-four/seven so I would just see it that this was an optional thing.

In conclusion I hope you see why I think that serving people in our community (community service) should be optional. Again I state these reason to express my feeling for this and they are: not all students will have the time, some students wont do it from the heart, and also this will bring uprisings among the students.

Thank You!

STUDENT_NAME