Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes online or over video calls. Millions of teenagers around the world go to high school everyday and some feel like its a complete waste of time. Even though high school can feel suffocating at times it has a lot of hidden benefits like Building a strong set of social skills that'll help you in the next stage of your life or helping you to learn. Even though so students would disagree high school is designed to be the best learning environment for the average student.

Most high school students dread coming to school everyday to lazily sit through class waiting for the final bell to ring, dismissing them back to the freedom of the outside world. Many student feel that high school isnt for them or thats in a waste a time but imagine where youd be without high school. Highschool was created to further basic education and increase to average IQ. It has been improved and renovated over the years to fit the needs of most teens and create a healthy, student centered learning environment. One of high schools best qualities is the option to have individual learning where you are one on one with a trained professional from a wide selection of subjects.

The hardest time in a teenagers life is between the ages of fourteen and eighteen. During this time it's important for teenagers to build a strong social foundation that'll be essential for the rest of their lives. These years are not only the hardest but the most important. During this time many teens will get bullied and embarrassed but this is just another hard step to prepare you for the brutal real world. Most teens thrive of other peoples energy and high school is the perfect place to interact with your peers. Highschool is and essential place to gather a arsenal of social skills that'll be needed later in life.

Some people say that high school is a waste of time and energy. That you could just do you classes from home because its a better and more comfortable. This attitude has been around forever but in fact most teens that are home schooled or take a large portion of classes online are found to be socially impaired later in life. Everyone deserves to have an equal opportunity and to not be held back because other their social awkwardness.

Schools around the country have been offering distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home using internet or video calls. Nevertheless high school is a very important time period in a teenagers live because in helps build a strong foundation of social skills and is the best learning environment for most students. So just fight through those long four year and it might just help you get a job where you can work from home.       