Dear TEACHER_NAME,

From my stance, I think that students shouldn't be required to perform community service. Sure, some students may want to, so they can if they would like. Other students may find that they do not want to, or do not have the time to.

If every student was assigned to do hours of community service, some may not be satisfied with this. For instance, all of the homework and projects that students are assigned is enough on their plate already after going to school for 6 hours. Some students may have practice, or possibly a game, to go to. Others may have a part-time job working somewhere, and would need the time when they get home to relax and finish up their homework. Every student has a busy schedule outside of school, and may not be able to fulfill their hours of community service.

Other students may not want to do community service. I mean, you shouldn't blame them; they are just kids. They need to have some freedom outside of school. Most students, in general, would be glad to get home from school, maybe take a nap, or go on the computer. Adding homework plus community service after school would just be very stressful to them. In order to function well during the day, students will need all of the sleep they can get. Nowadays, students are not able to get the minimum amount of sleep.

You may be coming to the idea that it is the students' fault for not being able to have time after school, and maybe in some cases it is. But that is how they are living their lives; it's their lifestyle. If they continue living like that, it is because it's how they mange their day. You can't just take away their joy, change how they live, and give them more duties; it would just make them even more stressed. As I had said before, they're only children. They cannot handle so much work and not enough freedom.

In other cases, some students may want to participate in giving community service. Those students possibly have more time on their hands, so doing something for the community is a good way to spend it.

Maybe a better solution would be to set up a club or organization for community service. Let those kids have the option open to them. Rewarding the students in the organization for their efforts would be an easier way to go so everyone is satisfied.

If you are not contented with the idea above, then you could ask some students to give their services on weekends. They have more time then, since it is a break off from school. Community service on weekends can possibly mean that more students would be able to participate, and the community would also be benefited.

I would like to thank you for taking the time to read my letter. I hope that some of the information in here has guided you into a direction of proclaiming your decision. If you do not go with any of the ideas I have suggested, I hope that you have found some useful information that I have provided throughout my letter.

Thank You,

STUDENT_NAME      