Have you ever asked for advice on a topic? And if you did, how many people did you ask? Most people would probably say only one person, and that's fine; however, seeking multiple opinions would probably help you make a better decision. I believe seeking multiple opinions can help people make a better choice because it helps give the asker more information on the topic, helps them gain a better perspective, and helps them learn from others' experiences.

To begin, you will gain more knowledge on the topic by asking other people. When speaking to other people for their opinions, they will sometimes give you more info, which will lead to more knowledge on the topic and will help you make a more well, thought out decision. They might also give you some websites to look at, which might give you facts that will help you in the future. Asking for advice on websites like, for example, Quora might be able to give you hundreds of advice in order to make a fantastic choice. You will become better at making better, experienced decisions. These reasons are why asking for multiple pieces of advice from different people can help persuade you into making a spectacular decision.

Next, asking many people for opinions will help you gain a greater perspective. Asking many different people with different philosophies or thoughts previously (before you act) will help give you a better understanding on what you are trying to achieve. It will keep you from making a mistake, since you already have other people's thoughts on what you are, or were, trying to do. By hearing what people are saying, you can also combine their perspectives on the topic and make it your own. Plus, listening to others' perspectives will make you more open minded, and be more welcome to people's advice. This means you can make better choices because you are listening to others. These pieces of evidence are why I believe finding other people's opinions will help you make excellent decisions in life.

Finally, you can learn from others' experiences by asking multiple people for their bias on the topic. Many people will make many mistakes in their lifetime, which most likely means they will probably have a lot of awful stories to tell you. If you ask the right person for advice, chances are that they will tell you about it. By listening to their story, you can try to avoid the horrible mistakes that were made, and make a better decision. In addition to making mistakes, you can also learn about their great successes, which you will try to reach, which will lead to a more favorable outcome. Listening to others' experiences can also help you decide on what you want to do. Depending on what people say, you might want to do something else, contradicting that they have done previously, due to their outcome. This is why I believe asking for many people's opinions will help make you choose a better decision.

In conclusion, asking a lot of people for their bias on a topic can help the asker by giving them more knowledge on what they are asking, give them a bigger view of life, and help them learn from true stories. Asking one person will only give you a little advice. The next time you want advice, don't ask one person- ask multiple! You will benefit from it, and will also be able to make a better choice!