Students would benefit more from being able to attend classes from home rather then at school. Imagine being able to attend classes from home by online or video conferencing. You wouldnt have to worry about getting ready in the morning or if there's gas in your car because you don't have to leave the house. Although, some say its more beneficial to attend classes from school because, students can get easily distracted when they are at home believe that there's no teachers to tell them to get back on task.

However, there's more reasons for students to attend classes from home rather then at school. The first reason is it helps student save a lot of money. For example, having to put gas into your car whenever it runs out isnt cheap. If all of the money wasnt used up for gas it could be later used for something better. Another example, would be lunch money because students complain about not liking the taste of the food or that they cant afford it. If students were able to work from home they can provide their own tasty lunch. Also if they werent using up their money for gas they could save that money to buy food in the afternoon or whenever they are hungry.

Another reason, is that it can help students gain more sleep during the day because for school students have to wake up an hour or two early to get ready. If students are working from home they can get up thirty minutes before the video conference to prepare since, they dont have to take a whole hour or two to decide on what to wear. This extra sleep can help students gain more energy to help them throughout the day. Whenever the student has finished their school work they can go get other things done.

The third reason, would be that students can be able to learn how to provide their own schedule and work time. Also schools wouldnt get excuses like they were late to class because of traffic on their way to school. Students themselves will have enough time to eat breakfast and make it to the video conference on time since students are at home they dont have to drive anywhere. There wouldnt be any missing assignment if the student is sick because they can get their work done at home.

In conclusion, some say its more beneficial to attend classes from school because students can easily get distracted. However, students would benefit more from being able to attend classes from home rather then at school. It helps students save a lot of money because they dont have to use their cars to attend classes or waste money on food they dont want to eat. It also can help students not feel sleep deprive and instead help them gain more energy throughout the day. There wouldnt be any absent or late students because they can get any work done at home or whenever they have the time.