Everybody makes decisions. Whether you realize it or not, you make many decisions everyday. Sometimes when we try to make decisions we struggle to do it alone. For example, figuring out what to wear, what to eat, or maybe even where to go. When we struggle to choose on our own, can getting advice or opinions from others help?

Choices are made everyday. Good choices, bad choices, little choices, big choices. You almost always have a choice to make about what's going on. What happens if you can't make a decision by yourself? This is when you begin to ask your friends or family. Everybody has an opinion, so you will always have somebody to help you out. In fact people usually give you their opinion, even if you don't ask. For example, you tell someone that you prefer dogs over cats, they will most likely tell you which animal they prefer of the two. You can always rely on somebody to give you an opinion or advice.

Most people tend to ask their friends about smaller decisions, and their family about bigger decisions. The advice your family gives, is much different from your friends. Your friends are good for giving advice about clothes, or social media. Your parents can give good advice about school problems, or friendship issues. This is most likely beacause your parents have been there before, and they know what it's like. Either way asking a friend or family member can change your mind to help you make a decision.

It is always a good idea to get assistance making a decision if you are struggling to make one alone. Everyone around you may see each situation differently. This is good because when you ask for advice from multiple people, they may help you to look at something in a different way. There is no harm in asking for advice beacause if you do not agree, you can simply ignore it and listen to your mind. You make many decisions on your own, but never be afraid to ask for advice. The benefits of simply asking are endless.

In conclusion, asking for multiple opinions is a good idea because you may be able to see the situation from a different point of view. This may even give you more options. Advice from friends and family can often push you toward the right decision. In moments of confusion or misunderstanding, remember you always have somebody to talk to, and get advice from. However, you should not get opinions about everything, we need to make decisions on our own sometimes.