You should partcipate in the Seagoing Cowboys program.

During this program I got to take care of the horeses, young cows, and the mules that were being shipped over seas, I also got to see many unique places as well.

If you think that some of these things may interest you than keep reading and see what it was really like to be apart of this excellent program.

Being on the Seagoing Cowboys program is not just anything, but for a small-town boy, like me, this is an amazing opportunity.

Besides just helping the people of other countries, I also got to see Europe and China, they are actually pretty amazing places to visit too!

If you have ever had a dream to see places such as these than this is the right program for you to join.

While traveling the high seas, it took me about two weeks to get from the United states to China, although caring for the animals kept me busy.

Some of the jobs that we have to do here are to: care for the animals, pull bales of hay and bags of oats from the lower hold of the ship, and clean the animal's stalls.

In order to be able to uphold the standards,

you would have to be a pretty focused and responsible person. That is something that would have to be in your personality in order to do this job efficiently and correctly.

During some of your free time, sometimes my cowboy friends and I found that we can still have some fun onboard.

We had the chance to play baseball and volleyball in the empty holds where the animals had been unloaded.

Table tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and lots of other games helped pass time too.

See, even though you have lots of daily responsibilities during this program, you can also have some fun every once and a while too!

In conclusion, the Seagoing Cowboys program may have a lot of tasks that need to be completed, but there is also some fun things involved that is, well, in my perspective,

it's given as an awrard for all of your hard work.

After reading what things that I accomplished, and all of the fun I had, I just hope that you decide to come and join the fun here that they have at the Seagoing Cowboys program!     