When it comes to driving on the road, the use of a phone is the number one leading cause to car accidents. While reading and texting is prohibited when driving, phones tend to be a reliable resource which helps improve our daily life.

Phones help us in many ways when it comes to driving. They help navigate us in unknown areas, and it is a great form of contact in case of emergencies. Although it tends to be distracting, technology has advanced that we can have our eyes on the road while communicating with others.

Over the years technology has evolved rapidly so that it could make life easier for us, such as bluetooth. Bluetooth is a setting on a smart device like a phone, where you can connect wirelessly with another piece of hardware, like headphones. So, if someone tries to call you while driving, all you have to do is press the button on your headphones, and you will have the ability to call, or hang up the phone.

Phones can be a great use of navigation. With sources like Google maps, it has replaced all normal paper maps for when it's time to enter a new area. Not only were the original maps were a disturbance to drivers, but your phone can literally tell you how, when, and where to take you. Whether it is warning you about construction, or when to turn left or right, your phone is there to help for this uncanny situation.

Communication is very important in this day in age. So if you were scheduled for an appointment but you are late due to traffic or for an emergency situation, you can use your phone during that situation and explain why you need to reschedule. Not only that, but if you arrive at a destination, but having trouble finding a person you need to pick up, you can just give them a call, and tell them to start heading outside.

Texting while driving is a really problematic situation when it comes to acquiring a vehicle. It will lead you to bad injuries, or even death. But if a driver uses these ideas and guideline while driving, phones would not be a controversial topic that it is now. Drive smarter, and have good safety when it comes to driving.   