Limiting car use can help us live better lives. The terrible smog that harms the environment called pollution is caused by the excessive use of vehicles in communities. I believe limiting car use can help us reduce pollution, more accessibility to public transportation, and helps you save money. Reducing the use of vehicles can help the environment. Join in and make the world a better place, literally.

With less cars being used in communities the risk of pollution can be decreased. When you don't use your car you help the environment. People use cars to go to places they can easily walk to, but they don't. Some people don't even care about the environment or if they harm it. By reducing the car use in many communities pollution can be greatly reduced.

Public transportation is cheap and quick. Using more public transportation helps you save money and helps the environment. Pollution can be reduced by just taking the bus instead of your own car. According to "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selsky more people tend to get the initiative to take public transportation. You don't have to do something extraordinary to help the environment, maybe all you need to do is take the bus.

People tend to buy less cars if you limit car usage. The less cars you buy means the more money you save. According to "The End of Car Culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal a study found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. The people who drove less between that time must have saved alot of money on gasoline. When you don't use your car as much it ends up benefiting everybody.

By limiting the useage of cars the environment benefits a great deal. Pollution can be reduced to a point where it causes minimal harm if everybody decides to pitch in. Transportation will recieve more funding. You will be able to save plenty of money on gas and use it for whatever other purpose you may need it. In conclusion, car useage should be reduced so that everyone may benefit from it.    