The day of election for the next Commander in Chief of the United States is rapidly approaching, and voters are prepared to place their votes in a ballot to determine the next president. However, would if this election was altered. This altered election is different, as only the current president may choose who the next Commander in Chief may be, instead of the public. This could arise controversy among the public, as seeking multiple votes on the next president is more beneficial than only having one person determine who it will be. There will also be multiple opinions on who the next president should be, not only one.

Having multiple opinions on any matter is vital to fairness, and giving people a word on how they feel on any certain situation, such as voting. Having multiple opinions is vital in any vote, as a vote could not be held on any matter without having multiple choices when voting. Votes held around the world all have multiple choices for one distinctive reason, everyone has their own opinion. You wouldn't want one person to make one gigantic, and very important decision on behalf of other people, as other people could have different views on the situation or issue. For example, the Chief Executive Officer of Amazon has decided to halt all production of the Amazon Echo smart speaker. However, the workers disagree with his opinion, and they decide hold a vote instead, so everyone can have their say in what they believe is right for their company. After the vote is completed, and the all of the votes are tallied up, all of the workers voted in favor of continuing product of the Amazon Echo smart speaker, instead of halting production as their Chief Executive Officer was first intending to do.

It is not only voting that makes multiple opinions a necessity, multiple opinions is also very useful for receiving advice from people. If you were walking along the old, dirty, and muggy sidewalk of New York City, and you found someones lost purse laying in some saturated mud, you'd ask someone for advice, to determine where you would bring the purse. Let's say you ask one person, "Where should I bring this purse?" and they respond with, "Bring it to the recipient of the purse." You would take their advice, and try to find the owner of the purse. However, it turns out you could not find the owner of the purse, so you proceed ask another citizen strolling along the sidewalk, "Where should I bring this purse?" The citizen responds with, "Bring it to the lost and found, the employees will take it from there." You then bring the purse to the lost and found, and the employees take care it. In theory, if you only asked one person for advice, you would be scavenging New York City all day looking for this one lady. Since you asked multiple people for advice, you found a solution to your problem, and brought it to the lost and found building nearby.

Citing your sources is always important when doing a project so you do not get plagiarized for what you wrote, but how do you know the sources you use are telling the truth? Let's say you are writing an essay about why the Dinosaurs became extinct on Earth. It is proven that they were killed by an asteroid, however, you didn't know that at the time, so you looked up, "How were the dinosaurs killed off?" After processing your search, the search engine produced many results containing articles, newsletters, and much more about why the dinosaurs when extinct. You clicked the first link you found, and paraphrased what the article said. The article mentioned that the dinosaurs were killed by rhinos that were killing the dinosaurs for food. You continued to write down what the article stated, until you wrote as much as you could. Right before you were about to submit, you had a gut feeling there was more to it, so you looked up four other articles that all stated, "Dinosaurs were killed by an asteroid." This situation is an example of researching multiple views and opinions on how the dinosaurs went extinct, and why seeking multiple opinions will benefit you.

Seeking multiple opinions for a better outcome is always the right choice opposed to one opinion. Receiving multiple opinions or views on any matter will positively effect the situation. Multiple opinions are used in all circumstances, such as voting, clarification, and debates. Without sharing advice or giving things a second thought, this world could be a whole lot different than it is now.