There are mny factors that influence using technology to read emotions in the classroom. The technoogy can influence certain lessons based on given understanding. Facial expression evaluated by these computers could help teachers. This kind of technology could benefit the future as well. Lesson planning, teacher help, and futue technology are three factors that contribute to using emotional expressions for the classroom.

Facial exression are a elling sign of the current state of emotion a person is in. These emotionas are universal for people to understand, such as a smile representing a good mood of a friend. Now computers are able to tell emtions based of facial muscles, which has led to innovations in the classroom environment. For example, if a student is working on a homework assignment and gives off a look of confusion, the computer can tell that the student is struggling to understand whatthe question or problem is asking or how to solve the problem. This new technology could benefit the student in that the lesson could be mdified to help the comprehension of the learner.

This technology could help teachers ina sense that they have easier communication with their students. Since teachers have to teach a multitude of students, it can be difficult for the teacher to see who is struggling with the material presented, Most communicaton between people is done through that of emtional communication rather than verbal. From that this formof technology can help teachers know who comprehends themaerial, who is confused by the directions or the material, or those who simply do not understand the content. Using this facial expression technology can be of beneficiary to those in educaion.

Emotion technology can be of benefit to not only the school evironmwnt but also can open new doors for the future. Even though the algorithm is not compatible with a normal PC at home, this technology could benefit in the future for new innovations such as helping a students interest levels for at home assignments. The only slight flaw that could go against this facial software is that computers cannot detect genuine emotion. Such as a person hiding certain emotions that are not shown on a facial expression. However more advancement and developments of this technology in the future could benefit many people in different circumstances.

Many factors of Facial Action Coding System can help benefit students in a classroom. Three factors significantly hold value to the influence of this software. Students can be able to have customized lessons to maximize learning in that subject based of assinments completed on the emotiion recognizing software. Teachers will be able to communicate better with students in helping undrestand the content and what needs to be focused on more. Future softwares can be made from this intial technology that can recognize students understanding and comprehension of the material from at home assignments on possiby a PC. Overall, the ability to recognize emotions of students from muscle movements of the face is a great advanncemet for the classroom enviroment, and once more developments are made, man students will benfit in being able to understand the material beter. 