I highly think students should design, and the reason why im chosing students is because, studente need the oppertunity to express what they feel plus, student are way more creative in my opinion. Some teacher think that the students shouldnt make their own prompts because i guess the teachers want the prompts to have reasons to them.

First of all, these promps do sometimes get on my nerves in my opinion because were spending our time trying to figure out how ot set up the thesis and what examples can will fit with the paragraph and how does it support the idea. When the teachers make these prompts they expect us to get it right off the back and not struggle but some of them we have to sit back and think about how can this be an impact of how does this support the idea. Us students can be very exellent writers if we try and take our time, thats why if we get to write our own prompts about creative things and events that weve experienced.

Secondly, The reason why that i say that the teachers shouldnt write the paragraphs is because half of them are about school activites, there'ye never about fun things we dont on the weekends or how our breaks were there'ye always about adding extra hours in school, dress codes and adding extra class or something like that its nevr on things the students want to write about it always has to be school related nevr something fun.

Lastly, Some students may say that the teachers write better prompts but when you write sbout something you actullay enjoy or love then you actullay might consider because writing is another way of expressing how you feel and it gives you diffrent ways to say it. Writing is and important thing in life because when we go off to college it going to get harder because were in the stage of becoming and adult grow up and college is no ijoke its way harder its preparing you for the outside world (life) so enjoy writing while you can beause it doent get any easier than this

In conclusion, i feel as if the students would write better prompts then the teacahers in my opipion. We the students have more creativity then the teachers no offense but im just speaking the truth, us students can make writing prompts and other activities way more fun then it already is. What im trying to say is give us students a chance to write some prompts and make writing more fun and educantional.