Should Cell Phones be Allowed in School?

Do you think phones should be allowed during free time in school? I think this should be something children should be able to do. If i was the principal of a school I would allow children to bring their phone devices because they might have to communicate with their parents. Some reasons why i would allow students to use their phones during lunch and other free times are they might need to get in contact with there parents if they need something or have an emergency and, it is a way to become a social person. I would only allow students to do this if their phones were turned off at all other times. I would hope students would be responsible to only use phones when allowed.

Image you were in school and you needed to get in contact with your parents desperately and, you couldn't wait until you got home but, to make it even worse you couldn't use your phone. I would feel very unconstrained and i would not be able to focus for the rest of the day. I think I would not be able to do my work or, anything that involves deep thought. But none of that would ever have to happen if you were able to use your phone. You would be able to get in contact with them and be worry free for the rest of your school day. That is an easy way to get stress of your back.

Another reason why students should be able to use their cellular devices during free time is they can become a social person. Although you may use your phone a lot out of school you can become more social in school. Say if you meet someone new and you want to exchange phone numbers but no one has paper to write each others phone numbers on. If you had your phone you can exchange phone numbers very fast. It would only take you a minute and, right there you have a new phoned number. This can make you more social because you get to meet new people in school and, you wouldn't have to meet out of school. Plus the more you might text someone the closer of friends you may become.

I think these two reasons are why a principle should allow their students to use their phones during lunch and free time. It would make people get in contact with their parents when needed and, you can make new friends. I would have faith in my students that they wouldn't use their phones during class periods. So if you were principle of a school would you allow your students to use their phones?