Wouldn't it be great to be able to take some of your high school courses in the the comfort of your own home? Some schools already offer classes online or let students take them through video conferencing from their homes. Although some may say otherwise, Economics and Personal Finance, Testout for Computer Systems Tech, and online college courses prove that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

There is an option for students to take EPF over the summer at home as opposed to during the school year, which is very helpful to students who want to get one of their graduation requirements done quickly. Since they don't have to take the class during the school year, it would give them the time for other classes that they may need to graduate. It would also let them take elective classes that could either prepare them for their desired career, or simply make their school year more fun. Some may say that they would rather not have to take time out of their summer to take EPF. This isn't a very good reason, as taking the class over the summer would still be far shorter due than taking the class over an entire school year.

I take an academy class at Generic_School called Computer Systems Technology, and in this class we use online notes, quizzes, videos, tests and virtual labs from a service called Testout. Since it's online I could take every single one of these assignments, excluding the tests, at home and save myself plenty of time. If I took everything at home, I could simply do work for another class, go on my phone, or even take a nap. Others could say that since my class isn't completely online, I benefit more than if it was completely online. However, people who don't even go to high school or college can still use the Testout service and use the same resources and get the same information as I get in my class.

Colleges also have several online alternatives to their classes. At Generic_School we had a college visit where some of their classes had the option to be taken online, and students would most likely benefit from those classes just as much as the on-campus courses. The opportunity for students to take college courses at home removes one of the many boundaries keeping them from going to the college they want, which is distance. This allows them to get a good education at the school of their choice without having to travel across the country to get there. Some may say that if there isn't a professor in the room watching them as they work, they could cheat or simply refuse to do the work. This may not be as big of an issue some may think, because if students don't complete their work on time and in full they will fail the class, and there are ways to deter or detect cheating such as the plagiarism checking feature in Google Classroom.

It is important to get students the education they need in whatever form possible whether it be in a classroom or through online courses. In the past people had no option to take classes online if they couldn't attend school and either had to be home schooled, or simply take the classes later when they were able to. In the future, students should be able to learn in whatever way is best for them depending on their circumstances. Students and parents should make themselves aware of what's out there and try to convince their schools to provide more options for distance learning to help make students' lives a lot easier.        