Generic_Name

Ms. Generic_Name

English 8 HN

March 5, 2020

Why More Opinions is Better

I remember a time I went to go eat with my friends, before hand, I asked my brother for his experiences with the restaurant and if he recommends it. He then says "yea, I recommend it, give it a shot" We go to sit down, we all order our food, everyone having a great time. Except for me,

I had ordered the 'infamous' chicken noodle soup. The 'soup' tasted liked tap water, the 'chicken' tasted liked beef, and for the cherry on top, the noodle tasted liked plastic. We all head home after saying our goodbyes, by then, my brother had already left, so I tell my experience with my sister. She nods along and says "yea, I ordered that one too, should've asked me if it the restaurant was good or not." That is when I realized, it's always better to obtain more than one opinion, so you can get a view you or someone else didn't have, because everyone has different opinions and experiences, and so you can compare and differentiate two or more opinions to form your own opinion.

To start things off, you want to get a view you or someone you've talked to doesn't have. This will apply to mostly anything that has to do with needing an opinion, no one has the exact same outlook and or experiences. By asking more people for their opinion, it's like you're gaining knowledge your self, sparing you or simply saving you time it would take to experience first hand. Not only that, we're all in different positions, whether its in a debate, your favorite food, or your favorite videogame. Not everyone could or can relate to it, its important to gather more opinions on things so you have a stronger feel for it.

For my second reason is, we all have different opinions and experiences. This will mostly apply to anything that has to do will needing recommendations, what you need to know about getting a recommendation is, no one has the same taste. An example of this could be that you're really into videogames, however, on the contrary, your friends doesn't value videogames as much as you do. Asking him for an opinion, is the equivalent of asking a cat whats it's favorite sport is, not to say that his opinion doesn't matter, theres something for everyone. However it may not be as strong as someone else you know who is into games like you, this will help you get a stronger look on the recommended.

For my final reason on why multiple opinions are important is, to help you form your own opinion. This is most useful in debates or where there are two sides of the matter. If you only look from one opinion on one side, you are only getting one half on the situation, depending who you're talking to you may be only getting a quarter of the story. Its really important to get more than one opinion for this because you want to be factually correct, say you're writing an article of the political process and whether its good and effective, or bad and ineffective. If you only ask one person on why he thinks its good or bad, you will only get one half of it, and if you base your entire article on one source, it is, without a doubt, factually incorrect. Its especially important to seek more than one opinion because it will give you a stronger understanding of the matter.

In conclusion, it's always best to get as much opinions and inputs on the subject as possible, so you can get a view you or someone didn't have, because everyone has different opinion and experiences, and so you can compare and differentiate between two or more opinions to form your own opinion and outlook on the subject. 