"Wait up, Generic_Name!" Shouted Generic_Name across the hallway as he caught up to Generic_Name. "I need a opinion on something but I don't know if I should ask my mom, dad, or teacher. Who do you think I should ask?" Questioned Generic_Name, Generic_Name replied with "Why don't you just ask all of them then you get multiple opinions?" Generic_Name's eyes lit up "That's a great idea, thanks! I'll see you tomorrow!" said Generic_Name as he hopped on the bus. "Yep, bye!" Generic_Name hollered back. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because multiple opinions will give more options, the more opinions heard the more likely it is to make the right decision, and making a decision based off one opinion can lead to making the wrong choice.

First, multiple opinions will give more options because someone could sort out the less useful opinions. For example, Generic_Name asked Generic_Name for his opinion but instead of answering Generic_Name he went on forever about why Generic_Name shouldn't smoke. Luckily Generic_Name asked three other people so she got the help she needed. Secondly, with options someone can seek the majority. To illustrate, Generic_Name doesn't know if she would rather play soccer or lacrosse this spring so she asks her friends for their opinions. Four out of six told Generic_Name lacrosse, making lacrosse most likely the better choice because it won in majority. Also, some opinions can be used for future reference and with other problems. For instance, the advice Generic_Name gave Generic_Name, she has been able to use for multiple other issues she has had.

Next, the more opinions heard the more likely it is to make the right decision because hearing multiple opinions will help the brain form its own opinion, on what it thinks is best. To help better understand, Generic_Name heard four opinions, he picks apart each opinion to find what he thinks sounds the best. Generic_Name takes the best of each opinion and forms it into his own opinion, helping him make the most intelligent decision. Another reason to hear more than one opinion is the best choice will become repetitive, the more people it's heard from the better it will sound. Back up to Generic_Name, the more she heard her friends say lacrosse the more soccer sounded wrong. The word lacrosse rung through her head like a little bird shouting "Pick me, Pick me!". Hearing only one opinion makes it impossible to become repetitive.

Lastly, making a decision based off one opinion can lead to picking the wrong choice. Advice isn't always good. For example, Generic_Name gave Generic_Name her opinion but little does Generic_Name know Generic_Name gave her a wrong opinion to get revenge for something Generic_Name did. Now the one opinion Generic_Name is basing her decision off of is like a poisoned cupcake, looks good but is actually toxic. Also, when making a poor decision it's like a chain reaction, after one wrong decision comes the next and another after that, next thing they know they're stuck in this bottomless pit of bad decisions. All because they only heard one opinion.

"Did you get the information you needed?" asked Generic_Name the next day " Yeah, thanks for helping me!" exclaimed Generic_Name. "No need to thank me, I just didn't want to you to make a wrong decision" replied Generic_Name "I'm glad I asked more than just one person because my mom wasn't much help. Plus I was able to combine all the opinions make what I believe is the best choice." Added Generic_Name. In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because multiple opinions will give more options, the more opinions heard the more likely it is to make the right decision, and making a decision based off one opinion can lead to making the wrong choice.            