School is somehting that is key to making the society a better place. It gives a student the tools necessary to set of on there own path. Whether that be going to college and or joing the work force right after highschool. While in highschool, there are mutiple ways to gain the skills that come with it. Going to school or staying at home and taking those same classes online. Online learning is the future of school and it will become more prevalent as time goes on.

Online learing prevents students from geting behind and allows for more freedom in education.

A common problem that most student face is geting behind in school. Whether that be because of missing it because of a docters vist or going on a long vacation. Having online classes gives the student the abilty to watch the important lectures that they missed. By having the lecture online a student can take notes, prepare for tests, as well as help with homework. Allowing for a cohesive work enviroment where everyone is on the same page. It also prevents teachers from getting behind on the material they need to teach. For example, if there is a snow day and school is cancelled for a couple of days, teachers miss an abundence of instructual time that is necessary for standarized test as well as the tests they give. By recording a lecture, it gives the student and teacher more flexabilty if school is out and or school is missed for a extended amount of time.

Freedom is something that everyone has a right to but most students feel as if they are in jail at school. School conditions students to work for a set amount of hours each day and then go home and work some more. This monotany starts from a young age and contiues until retirement. The ablity to take online classes allows for more freedom because the student is allowed to watch the lecture whenever they deem neccessary. Which would therefore allow for later wake up times and more sleep for most students. They also allow for a student to learn at there own pace with zero pressure surrounding them. Making a student feel more secure and more willing to ask question because they know they will not be laughed at because of a stupid question. Allowing for a better quality of life therefore making them a happier person. Another advantage of an online class is that it allows for more academiclly inclined student to take another class along with the preset classes that they already take. Which will help them show that they are willing to take on a challenege to pursue there intrests. Making them a better candiaite for the more selective colleges such as Virgina Tech and UVA.

School is a place that should constantly be evolving and adapting to make a student live easier. Having an online class is the next step in this progresstion of evoloution for a school. It does not allow for a student to get behind by having imporant things on it such as lectures, classwork, and homework. They also give the student more freedom by allowing the student to do the work required whenever and wherever. The question should not be if a school should have online classes but when.