The human mind is complicated, but technology can help decipher its emotions. The article, "Making Mona Lisa Smile," by Nick D'Alto, introduces the idea of being able to decode human emotions to help students. A software that understands students' emotions is an undoubtedly valuable technology. Students around the world would be helped in a new and improved manner if they used this innovation. Technology used to read emotional expressions would be very helpful in classrooms because it would help students progressively learn.

A piece of technology that detects students' emotions would assist students and teachers in and out of the classroom. Every student learns at a different pace. However, a certain software, created by Prof. Thomas Huang, of the Beckman Institute of Advanced Science at the University of Illinois, would make each student grasp the material at his or her own speed. In the article, "Making Mona Lisa Smile," Nick D'Alto writes, "'A classroom computer could recognize when a students is becoming confused or bored,' Dr. Huang predicts. 'Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.''' The previous quote demonstrates that the computer software would help students learn in an adjustable manner. After the students' emotions towards the assignments are detected, the assigment would be modified to help the student progress with their understanding of the subject.

In fact, the computer software would not only help students while in class, but it would also help students afterschool. For example, the software would allow students to complete and understand computer homework. This would help the student learn even when a teacher is not with them. Furthermore, teachers' jobs would be made easier. Even if students have further questions, they would always be able to go to their teachers.

Lastly, a software that reads people's emotions would be an extremely valuable tool for students and teachers in classrooms. It would allow students to learn at their own pace and way. In addition, they would be provided with additional school help. In fact, their teacher's would benefit from this because they would get help teaching. So, a software that depicts students' emotions toward assignments would be used widely in classrooms.