The Electoral College should be abolished. It is "unfair, outdated, and irrational". It just makes so much more sense to go with the popular vote from everyone. Even Bob Dole agreed to this and said "Abolish the Electoral College!" Most people just despise it anyways, let's just get rid of it already.

Let's face it, if you have a vote, it would go to the slate of electors who in turn, vote for the president. The worst thing about it is that sometimes they can't even control their own vote. What use is that? It doesn't make sense if they can't even control something that they have such as a vote. Also some voters get confused and don't know what to vote for though. Instead, they can vote for the wrong candidate. This is why we should get rid of the Electoral College. It's just so unfair to other voters that they can't have their way because the others get confused. This can let to political disasters and events that will make people riot over a mistake that they made. They need to learn that the Electoral College needs to go.

First off, the founding fathers established the Electoral College in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. It was was founded all the way back then, it must surley be outdated and we should really try to go by our modern intelligent ways now. They believed the "winner takes all" system that just doesn't make sense anymore if you can just vote on your own and when the President wins, it will just be the popular vote from overall everyone.

Secondly, the people in Congress are well educated indeed, but do we really need their seperate votes? Can we just skip that? We are already getting the "popular vote of qualified citizens" (which is good). All these electors are just so unneccesary when it comes down to it. I understand only a few people still want the Elelctoral College in place, but in all honesty, it is only what they have been taught and they think it is the right thing. There are "538" electors in the Electoral College and they need a mojority of "270" electoral votes. This seems far too complicated just for voting on a President. All we need is the popular vote. There has even been a case in the 2000's that is called "Disaster Factor". Americans are even lucky that this event isn't the most that can potentially happen with the Electoral College in place. We should avoid this political disaster at all costs!

In the end,  we should all finally understand that the Electoral College is outdated, unfair, and irrational. It was made long, long ago and we have a better way to vote other than dealing with the mess of electors getting confused and the people in Congress dealing with it all together. Just go by the popular vote from the people and we would be good to go. Better modern than old fashioned, right?    