"Driveless Cars Are Coming" this article gives information about the future of "Driveless Cars". Driveless cars can be a bad thing for society. But it can also be a good thing for society. I believe, yes the develpoment of driveless cars can be a negative aspect on people and the enviroment around them.

Driveless cars can be a dangerous thing in a specific situation. The cars aren't fully developed yet to act in human-like situations on the road. Therefore if an construction site is ahead the car wouldn't know how to react. In the seventh paragraph it states how a driver must be alert due to the lack of skill the car has. "This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." That lets the reader know that the "Driveless Car" still needs assistance.

"Driveless Cars" are non-reliable. They are not fully driveless because the driver stills need to take control of the wheel. They aren't fully developed for all traffic and other driving situations a human would be ready for. In the seventh paragraph it states, "The google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." This quotes summarizes why driveless cars are not fully reliable. Because people shouldnt have to take control at any time if its meant to be "Driveless".

Driveless cars are also a challenging type of technology. Its requires many sensors. But it isn't on the level of a human reaction or skill level. It gives good signals on when a person needs to take control. But why waste your money on something so expensive that isn't doing the job you wanted it to. In the eighth paragraph Dr. Werner Huber admits "'The psychological aspects of a automation are really a challenge.'"

Therfore "Drivelss Cars" aren't a good development. You cant fully rely on them. You never know when you need to take the wheel. You might just want to relax and take a nap in the car, all of sudden BOOM your in accident because you closed your eyes and the car didnt know how to react in that situation. Don't be lazy and watse your money. Just buy a car and YOU drive just like your supposed to.