Kids are always out playing in the snow on snow day; it is one of the most exciting things when they see the message "No school tomorrow, closed for snow". On snow days, kids go out with their friends, play all day, and enjoy their evening with a nice warm mug of hot chocolate with no worries about school. If kids did home school or online school there would no longer be that excitement about snow days and there would be no more snow days. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home because they think it benefits the students, but actually it would not benefit students to attend classes at home because they would not get taught anything, kids would not have any friends, and students would not be prepared for the real world.

Students attending class at home would not benefit them at all because they would never get taught anything. When taking online school kids can easily cheat and look up the answers to the questions being asked. This means students are learning how to cheat and care more about making a good grade than learning the topic. If the students are not getting taught the subject that means the students are not learning anything except bad habits, which will not benefit them later on.

If students attend their classes at home then it would not benefit them because they would not have any friends. The students would have no friends because they are at home all day, alone, doing school by themselves. School is about learning and having fun, and if students have no friends, then they are going to miss out on the fun parts of school and end up hating school because they believe it is boring. Another thing that can and will happen if kids have no friends is cause social issues in the future because they are not going to know how to act around other people, since they did school at home.

Schools offering distance learning as an option is not beneficial to students because it is not how the real world is going to be. Some people think that online school is helpful because it is a different style, but they are wrong because it does not teach them what the real world is going to be like. The real world is working with people, asking questions, and working through problems. If kids think that it is normal to isolate themselves from everyone to do mandatory work then they are not going to know how to ask questions when they need help or how to communicate with people when there is a problem. Also, if kids depend on the internet to look up answers to questions they should have learned in school, then they are not going to know what to do in their job.

Schools offering distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home is not beneficial at all because kids would not learn any of the material. Kids would also not have any friends, but would have social issues if they took home school. Lastly, if kids took online school then they would not know how the real world works because the only thing students would know how to do is isolate themselves and look up answers on the internet. School in school buildings are important because it teaches students multiple subjects, how to have fun, and how the real wold works by letting them communicate and ask questions.     