Have you ever had to make a really tough decision? Asking multiple people for their thought on the idea can really help. Some people might say you shouldn't ask too many people or even anybody at all because it's your decision. Although, I believe that multiple opinions can help you make a better choice. It can do so by showing the thoughts and feelings of your peers, possibly giving you a better understanding, and letting you put more thought into the idea.

One way multiple opinions can help you make a better choice is by showing the thoughts and feelings of your peers. Your friends and family are who know you best, so they could really know what's best for you. Also, you're always going to be around them so showing that you care about their opinion can really make them feel appreciated. Asking for their opinion can reveal what is most important to them aswell.

Another reason why you should ask multiple people is because it can give you a better understanding about the whole thing overall. Who knows, you could have one opinion then completely change it after listening to somebody else's. And second guessing isn't a bad thing. For example, say that you didn't know if you should go to Miami for spring break or go to New York. At first, you're leaning more towards the idea of going to New York, but then you ask your friends and majority of them say you should go to Miami. They tell you the weather is nicer, you can go to the beach, and there's also a lot of amusement parks down in Florida you can check out aswell. That ends up making you change your mind and you realize you would have a better time in Miami rather than in New York.

One last reason why multiple opinions can help you make a better choice is because it lets you put more thought into the idea. How? Well everybody has a different opinion. Meaning not everybody you ask is going to say the same thing. So by asking a lot of people, it's letting you hear their reasoning to the whole thing. That can make you compare on ideas and eventually figure out which you believe is best for you.

Just by simply asking people for their thoughts on the idea, it can make a huge impact in your choice. It shows how other people feel on the idea, shows the view of others, and can make you second guess yourself. 