Texting and driving causes many deaths around the world because people are texting while driving. 20 % of teen died in fatal accidents because of texting and driving and what are the consequences of texting and driving for teens. How stop teen from texting and driving

The percentage of fatal accidents cause by texting and driving are 20% around the world The National Safety Council reports said that cell phone use while driving cause up to 1.6 million crashes each year .and when are you texting it 6 time more to be in an accident then you are drunk. Teen are in, or involved in fatal accidents because they on their phone. It also goes for older people too not only teen, some grown up also do the same thing like texting and driving. In texting and driving website it shows that text and driving teen and also grown up are fatal accidents because of texting and driving. The NSC (National safety council) many teens died of not keep your eyes on the road.

The consequences of texting and driving for teen are facing hard time or jail sometimes in court and the law of driving and texting. are 20 dollars to 500 dollars' fee depending on the states and in some states like Missouri is banning for 21-year-old and younger from texting and driving. they can be Criminal charges because you are texting and driving can be a criminal charge. It can be Traffic citation or you can lose your driving license in some case. the website called www. legalmatch. com say their lot of of law and consequences because of teens texting and driving. And consequences also for older people too.

But there are many ways to stop teen from texting and driving like get a app to help pay more the road like TXT Shield and Text Limit help you shut off you phone when your car is at a certain speed. And the app will have automated response to texts when you hit the speed of your choice, from a website call http://www. safebee. com but there are many apps can you stop from being on their phone like auto book. this app that read for in car if you're someone that like reading but if you're not a one that doesn't like reading. but you like music. just like a playlist and put your phone aside. You can shut off phone when you driving also you can text you friend that you are driving.

Texting and driving cause may death around the world because teen is texting and driving while driving of teen died in fatal accident because of texting and driving and what are consequences of texting and driving for teen. and how stop teen from texting and driving now you know texting and driving can be fatal if you are driving or if even if it your first time driving.                                                                                                                                                                                                               