Image being able to wake up from bed and attend class from your house. Students wouldn't have to wake up hours/minutes earlier to catch their bus. Although some people say that students should go to school to attend class, actually students should be able to attend class from their home.

Those who say students should attend class at school believe that Students won't get distracted as much as they would at home because they have teachers that will always be on them if they do. Teachers have many ways to get the attention of a student. For example,

teachers can move the distracted student to the front of the class so that he/she can focus more. They can also threaten to call the students parents so that student focuses.

However, Students would pay more attention to class at home because they don't have other students to distract them during class.

You wouldn't have to listen to side chattering from other students while the teacher is talking. When your alone you focus and listen more. For example, If a student and their teacher have a video conference there won't be noise to distract the student, but if there are other students in the video conference then you can possibly mute them if they're talking.

Another reason being that students cannot be late to their class because technically the class is at their home. Students can't make excuses to being late. All they have to do is wake up and log onto their computers to see what their doing for class. For example, students can't make the excuse that they missed the bus because there is no bus. Students Can also check in from their bed, bathroom, kitchen, living room, etc.

Also, being able to study from home gives students the benefit to sleep a bit more. Students wouldn't have to wake up earlier before school to change, to eat, to shower, or to get their bag ready. Students can do most the things they do before school that take up their sleep at home if they were able to have class from their homes. For example, students can eat their breakfast while they listen to their teacher on a video conference. They can also wear whatever they slept with since there aren't other students to impress.

Therefore being able to attend class from home rather than attend class at school benefits students more. Since it's hard to be late to class students can have better attendance. Also With more sleep the brain of the student will function better and they'll be less tired. Also with no distractions means that Students will focus more and better. These reasons explain how students can achieve more if they were allowed to attend class from their homes.