Phones and Driving

In recent years most younger and some older drivers use their own mobile phone a lot of the time, and some of that time includes when they are in the middle of driving. Should drivers not be able to or should they be able to use their phones while operating a car or any other vehicle? Well, going by the number of deaths caused by this every year, it is most certainly should NOT be allowed or even legal (which, in this case it already IS NOT legal).

Using a telephone whereas driving creates monumental potential for deaths and injuries on U.S. roads. In 2017 alone, 3,166 folks were killed in motorcar crashes involving distracted drivers. A report, "Teen Distracted Driver Data" by the NHTSA. Showed the following results:

? According to a AAA poll, 94 percent of teen drivers acknowledge the dangers of texting and driving, but 35% admitted to doing it anyway.

? 21 percent of teen drivers involved in fatal accidents were distracted by their cell phones.

? Teen drivers are 4x more likely than adults to get into car crashes or near-crashes when talking or texting on a cell phone.

? A teen driver with only one additional passenger doubles the risk of getting into a fatal car accident. With two or more passengers, they are 5x as likely.

The numbers of teens dying per year shows and further supports the laws placed on using a mobile cell phone device, while operating a vehicle.

A poll done by "The Zebra" in 2019 on the general statistics of people using a mobile cell phone device while behind the wheel of a car:

? The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year.

? Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving.

? 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving.

? Texting while driving is 6x more likely to cause an accident than driving drunk.

? Answering a text takes away your attention for about five seconds. Traveling at 55 mph, that's enough time to travel the length of a football field.

? Texting while driving causes a 400 percent increase in time spent with eyes off the road.

? Of all cell phone related tasks, texting is by far the most dangerous activity.

? 94 percent of drivers support a ban on texting while driving.

? 74 percent of drivers support a ban on hand-held cell phone use.

Based on the results of the poll, and linking the results of this, with the results of the list on teens using mobile devices behind a wheel results. It shows that the problem does not just occur in teens, but in more grown people too, which, shows the real seriousness of the situation and how much we really DO need the laws already in place against using phones while behind the wheel of a car.

CONCLUSION

In conclusion, the laws placed against using a phone behind the wheel of a car, are to protect those in the car with the driver, and the driver themselves from a possible fatal collision with other cars on the road. And in actuality we really need STRICTER laws on the matter as a whole, for it really is a serious, fatal matter that needs more attention.

Works Cited

Schroeder, P., Meyers, M., & Kostuniuk, L. (2013, April). National survey on distracted driving attitudes and behaviors - 2012. (Report No. DOT HS 811 729). Washington, DC: National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. "Distracted Driving 2013." National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. April 2015. (

https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statis tics. html )         