Would you go to someone for some advice? For me it would be better because then you would have different people's opinions to pick from. When I need advice I like to ask multiple people because each person has different opinions,you have different types of advice to pick from, and helps you make a better decision. Each person has their own opinion on things. Well each person you ask for advice will have their own opinion on it. I know when I ask my relatives for advice each one of them will say something totally different than the other person. Also when you hear advice form someones else's mouth it's probably sounds way different in your mind when someone else says it. It is easier to ask someone for advice when you need it. Sometimes you should ask yourself you can probably make up your decision on your own. So hearing someone else's opinion on advice can really help you understand it more. For me hearing someone else's point of view on advice help's me understand it and know more about it. There is also so many ways advice can help people in so many different ways. Different opinions that people give you are a lot, but some of them can really help you. Every person you ask has something different to say;then you can pick either one you think is right for you. When I get multiple advice from friends or relatives I usually think them through and then eventually I pick the right one. Different opinions means more to choose from and more to think about. Getting multiple advice an opinions means you have to think about it more, and it's going to cause more stress to your body. So obviously different opinions can throw you off a bit ,but some can get you through a lot. For instances kids can tall you from their experiences that something is good and that you should try it, but you know in you head that it's not at all good for you. So thats why hearing good advice can help you make great decisions in your life. Making decisions are hard thats why when you ask for other people's advice maybe it will make it easier for you. Decision making can be very stressful to some people, when they have to make a huge decision or even if it's as little as making a decision on whether you should wear pants or shorts today. Every person or kid I know don't like making decisions either it's to hard for them or they are too lazy and don't care. All o these decision making is going to make you head hurt and make you stress out. I'd take the advice from all of the people you have asked and come to your conclusion on your decision. Another way advice can help you make decisions in you life time is when you need to decide if you want to something spontaneous with your friends. Like if your friend ask you if you wanted to go to the bathroom with her and her friends to vape a vape pen before class. You shouldn't fall into their peer pressure to do something that isn't good for your body.

Although all of these things about getting advice from other people some of it can mean something way different to other people. Getting advice from people can be a little bit scary because they can say the total opposite of what you want to say to you. So make sure whenever you are getting advice from someone or someone is giving you advice to keep in mind that they can say whatever they want to. Now getting advice is a lot to take in but hopefully hearing from my point of view about getting advice from other people. Really helps you when someone is giving to you advice or even you giving advice to someone else. I feel like you now know that getting advice can mean so many things to some people. That it can also mean something to you too.