Some schools offer distance learnimg as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video confercing. In other words this would alow students to stay home and still be abul to get ther work done on time. This might be a good reson becouse some kids have jobs or family things to do during the day. Sometimes if kids are geting buled in school they can tack there class frome home and not have to deel with other students or if a student get suspended they can still take there class wale they are out of school. schools offering distance learning is not a good idea becouse some students are not acountuble enufe to do all there work,some people need help face to face,it is a lot esery to cheat..

For example some studentsare not acountuble enuf to take online class they just take it so they dont have to goo to school. they wont do there work and give exuses as to why they have noy comepleated there school work it is also harder to keep up with thes students becous who knows how meney students the online teachers have and most of them probley teach school during the day so on top of the schoolday work that they have to grade now they have to try and keep up with kids who dont want to do any work or meed deadlines. if students are doing work they are most likey cheating on there work,tests of quizs beacouse it is way esery to cheat on a test at home then it is to do it at school.

like when some students need face to face help then learn and this is not always avabule to them so therefor they might not be able to do there school and then have a bad grade in the class. if the students where in school they would get help if they needed it and it woukd be a lot esery for them to manige them self. there are meney other facters as to why on like school is a bad idae for some students but one of the most impornted things is that they allways have actses to the help that they need.

in other words cheating is a big problum in ower schools today and that is with teachers in the classroom now just take the teacher out of the room and give a teast there will be some cheaters but now they can take it at home and when they do they can look up all the ancers on there phone or computer they might get a good grade but they didint luarn anything in that class so when they go to take ther sol they will probly fail and have to take it agan and study even harder in order to pass and graduate.

distance learning can be a big part in owr fucher but itr is just not there righ now but soon it will be redy 