Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home?

I understand that doing school from home would be a great decision but think about the pros and cons. Pros: you could benefit from a lot doing school at home like handling time management. As well, as making time for homework, sports, or even socializing with friends. Cons: being distracted from your phone, TV, watching Netflix, hanging out with friends, etc. But in a serious note, I think doing school at home would be very beneficial and it could help a lot by staying in track and responsibility.

Do you think doing school at home would be beneficial as in actually going to public school?

. In my opinion I think doing school at home would be very beneficial because I think it would be very good handling time. As to Per Say for example you would have school from 8:30am - 2:30pm and from 3pm - 4:30pm you would have practice and then from 5pm - 7pm you would have time for friends but As well after that, the rest of night if you had homework that night you would do it. Therefore, going to sleep and having at most 8-10 hrs of sleep. But same for public school normally public school starts at 7:30am - 8:30am depends what County your in or what school you go to. But, Public High School you have 4 classes a day ( normally ) and most of the time you have 25-40 kids in the classroom so you could socialize and also if you didnt get the homework that the teacher assigned for that night you could just text one of your classmates and the person you talk to can probably help you with the homework of that night. But also, playing/managing sports you could be with people you like you could socialize and also if you are the player you can have fun with your teammates and your teammates will always be there for you as well as your coaches. Also school dances, pep rally's and just in general having that public high school experience but at the end of the day I think that online school would be more beneficial than public.

Doing homework and staying on top of grades at all times. Sometimes its hard because maybe one of your online classes are stressing you and you can't take It anymore so your behind on some homework and you grade in the class is getting lower & no one wants to feel that there not succeeding and you want to feel like you are. But they just can't but probably the student finally gets the guts to talk to the teacher because his/her grade and probably the class that is stressing them out and there grade is low and she/he want's bring it back up as in working hard and the teacher helping him/her to bring that grade up giving them advice and helping throughout the way, As well, as if the parents are very supportive the daughter/son can go to them and talk to them as if how they are feeling how can the parents help the daughter or son overcome the stress so they can go back and being the great person they are so they can get good grades all the time and being happy with there friends and as well as living there best life ever. But also always having that time to handle homework and having time for what you need to do.

As Public High school each class normally takes 90 minutes. That's normally 1 hour and a half what I've heard about online classes is that it takes normally 70 minutes each class. Which is not bad because 1 hour and 10 minutes is way better than 1 hour and a half. Also I've heard about you can do at most two classes one day and then the other day the other two classes. In my opinion I feel like what has to be done one day has to be done. So doing it inthe morning so you dont have to stress about it that much because therefore you'll finish the classes you have for the day and the rest of the day you have free to do whatever you want. Maybe at night if you have homework for any of the classes you had that day you have the night to finish it. Honestly it will feel normal you would just have four classes a day so that would be 4 hours and 40 minutes and actual public school you have a whole 8 hours that you have to be in school that would not be very pleasant staying in school in my opinion I hate being in school in general so why not take online school and its way better you get to be doing school on your bed, living room, or a desk that you probably have in your room somewhere. As well, your house is more beneficial. Because sometimes when you have your friends in the classroom and your not paying attention and your just fooling around with your classmates at the end of the day what do you get? a bad grade or not understanding the homework that the teacher gave you and so online school your 1 on 1 studying learning what you have to learn on your own time and you can literally stay in your pj's all day for online school because whos going to see you just your teachers and it helps a lot being on your own time and studying because mentally and physically your in the zone that and your in your head as to

" I'm going to get this done and I will have a good grade " because your mentally prepared whats going to happen.

In conclusion, I think what could be good and beneficial is doing online school than public school because both of them are great sure. But online school is way better for the future so you can stay on task because no matter what you will still have your teammates from your sport if you play one, you will still have friends and you will always have a high school life experience because online school doesnt mean just staying home and doing school it means way much more you can still explore what happens in life and as in fact still have a fun time to do everything therefore, as by knowing the pros and cons of public and online school. As well as always staying on top of grades and homework at all times and last but not least how the classes go and always motivating your self to do more and staying on task what you have to do for that class but at the end of the day your ready to move on. 