Reducing the amount of cars used would benefit the fellow citizens greatly. Limiting car usage would decrease the amount of pollution in the air greatly, because they are among the main causes of emissions into the air among many countries. A better enviroment for the citizens would arise because the infrastructure of many cities would improve and the people would exercise more, therefore becoming healthier. Also, congestian would dramatically decrease because less people would be on the road which also leads to less car accidents so less people would be getting injured from a car accident.

Car emissions all over the world are among the main causes for the air pollution and greenhouse gasses. In cities llike Paris the air pollution rose so much that there was a temporal driving ban on the whole city. This ban eventually cleared the air but if this could happen in one city it is more than likely to happen again in another city. These car emissions are clearly a large part of this air pollution as Elisabeth Rosenthal shows the U.S  has a fifty percent of greenhouse gas emissions from the abundant amount of cars. Limiting the car usage would clearly diminish the amount of emissions in the air and prevent these large amounts of smog and pollution to form in the air that the people are breathing.

In the city Bogota a car-free day was hosted to promote public transportation, and it had created many benefits to the city's infrastructure. With more money coming in from these public transportations the government has more money to fix and improve upon the city's infrastructure. The sidewalks were fixed, more restaurants were opened, and more people attended parks, and sports centers. If more cities implemented this car-free program for longer than a day the people would be becoming healthier and the enviroment would be a lot safer with better sidewalks, and better infrastructure in general. Also with these new buildings being created more jobs would naturally also be created therefore unemployment would also be decreasing in the cities that are restricting cars. In Vauban, a city almost no cars, the citizens live happy with a rectangular shape to their city to maintain everything close and a small walk away from almost everything, therefore the infrastructure for the city is clearly well built and no cars are needed.

The restriction of cars would also make the roads a lot safer considering there are less cars to crash into or cause accidents. As shown from the Paris ban on cars, congestion had decreased sixty percent from what it was originally. The only people driving would be the conductors of the public transportation vehicles, therefore a majority of the drivers on the streets would be experienced and not be drunk while driving. The decrease in congestion would also lead to a much more efficient mode on transportation from the busses, and they would travel much faster to their destinations.

With the restriction of car usage the positive benefits created would immensely improve the living conditions and enviroment that the citizens live in. With a cleaner enviroment free of pollution the people would live healthier, infrastructure would improve greatly allowing more jobs to be created as well, and less congestion and car accidents would occur in the cities. The restriction of car ussage would improve the citizen's lives greatly.                    