Imagine a world where there is no traffic or loud motor from cars passing by. Think of all the benefits that would come with less or even no cars on the road. Well in the city of VAUBAN, Germany they have almost completely knock out all the cars in the city. The city has car-free streets allowing more flow of commuters on bikes and walking. 70 percent of the families have no car with 57 percent that sold their car just to move there. Heidrun Walter feels much less tense now then when she owned a car. However some may ask "How do you get all you produce or go shopping?". Well VAUBAN is one step ahead because all the stores are within walking distance, rather then travling down highways crowded with daily commuters, and there are some public transport still make there way around town, such as the city's tram. One major problem with cars is the emmisions they let out. Now in cities like VAUBAN where there would be at most two cars on the same road, it's more of a minor porblem. But in cities like New York, where the streets are crowded with cars, it begins to cause many problems. The emmisons are known as greenhouse gas and can often choke a cities population. Now in a city like Paris how would people limit smog, and car emmisions. They chose to limit the cars, causing the separation of commuters driving days by license plate numbers being even or odd. They enforce this limit with a fine of 22 euro. Of course this took a little getting use to since it came so suddenly causing four thousand driver to be fined and 27  had their cars impounded simply becase they didn't like the fine. Now most people were probaly not to happy to be getting fined, however the statistic showed that the limit was working and traffic that was down 60 percent. However it wasn't completely the commuter fault, since france had a tax policy for gasoline many people prefered to use diesel which was about 67 percent of the vehicles. Even though most of the traffic was down by 60 percent, Paris still has more pm then most erupean capital such as Brussel's 114. In BOGOTA,Colombia they took the idea of a car free city with a different approach. Instead of outright, banning cars or placing limits on days certain people can dirve, they instead banned all cars for a day excluding buses and taxis. However instead of outrage by the public many of the colombians just walked, biked or took some form of public transport. Since the begining of the project in the mid 90s over 110 miles of bike paths have been cvonstructed within the city. Another benefit is the uprise in sports and park areas, restaurants and shopping districts, since people have more time to see things they like or want. Now most of this eassy is about orther cities in different contries, but what about us, the USA. Obama has revealed his plans to lower the greenhouse gas emissions. But it seems the people have already thought ahead as statistic show less cars licenses and driving  over the years. Some say it was due to to the recsession since many people were to poor to afford a car or just didnt need one since the didin't work. Mr. Sivak's reasearch has proved that getyting a car is no lopnger a proirity but instead something you get if you have moeny. He states. Mine 19 and 21 have not bother to get a driver's license, even though they both live in places where it would come in handy." Even statistic show the between 2001 and 2009 young driver population has dropped 23 percent. The cars we use today are slowly edging their way out of our daily lives, and with the help of some laws, limits or outright bans cars will soon become a thing of the past.    