Hello! Are you in need of advice? Should you talk to more than one person for advice? Well listen here, these are three reasons why you should talk to more than one person for advice! People ask more than one person for advice because, they want to see different ways to handle the problem, they want to be able to use the best advice that they're given, and they don't want to get bad advice from one person, use it, and only make the problem even worse.

The reason why, people ask for more than one person for advice is because, they want to be able to handle the problem in the best way possible. And just asking one person, means they could give you bad advice, and you could mess something up real bad. And no one wants that to happen. Asking for two people's advice is better, but what if they both have awful advice? You should stick with at least getting three people's advice on a matter, just to be safe.

People want to get the best advice they could get. Let's say, your friend asked their friend for advice, they gave advice, but it was really bad, would they want to do their advice? No. So they, asked another friend, they gave okay advice, yeah they might want to do that.. but, maybe there's even better advice. So they ask another friend, and they give the best advice yet, they'd want to do that piece of advice right?

People don't want to get bad advice from one person, use it, and make the problem even worse. Let's say your friend took someone else's advice, and it was really bad, but they still used it, because they only asked one person, and things went really badly for them. They would probably stop being that persons friend; if it got really bad. And now your friend is stuck in a even worse problem. Would you want that to happen to your friend? No you wouldn't. But then, say a different friend, asked for yours, their parents, and another friend's advice, and their parents and friend gave pretty decent advice, but you gave them really good advice on what to do, they'd want to do that. And they fixed the problem, they're not stuck in another problem to add, all thanks to your advice, and for talking to more than one person for advice!

These are all great reasons why people should ask for more than one person's advice. But, are you going to be safe? Are you going to ask more than one person for advice? Or are you just going to ask one person, and risk messing up? It's all your choice. But I recommend asking more than one person. And, just remember, always ask more than one person for advice! Don't mess up!