"The Electoral College is a process, not a place. The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens."(1) This process where a selection of electors meet and vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes in Congress is a way of election that has been in the roots of this great and prosperous country since its begining. Is this way of electing really all that fair? Does it let the entire population get a fair say in who thay want to run the country? While some people may argue that this system allows the people on the commity of electors that actually want to have their fair say in who becomes president, but first you need to think about; they whole american population barely has any say at all in the election and we change this tradadition.

It is time for a change, becuase when a United States citizen votes, they actually arent even voting for president at all. They are mearly voting for a commity of electors to elect the next president for them. Also, is the the commity of electors that actaully wins the elections, and not the popular vote. This is why they call this commity of electors the swing vote because you could win the poplular vote by 78.9 percent and still lose the election because you lost the commity of electors votes. This senerio has happened a few times in our history. For instance in 2000 canidate Al Gore won there popluar vote but lost the presidencey thanks to the commity of electons from the electoral college. Some people may argue that this is a long tradtion in our country and must be kept. Yes this is true, but there are some very crusial factors against this.

I understand that this election process was put forth but our founding father and some people do not want to just throw it away. While I understand this; however, there are flaws in this process that must not be over looked. It does not include and take into count the whole population and it can lead some canadits to lose even when the whole country voted for them. So we need to do something about this process of election. We must find a new way that included and takes into count the population of the United States. Not just a commity of electors.

The Elector College has been is the building blocks of this country since its begining, but becuase of some of it's flaws it must be changed. This process does not include the entire count of the votes by american citizens. It is like our thoughts and ideas of who should be president do not even matter in the votting process. The Electoral College may be a deep tradition in our country since its begining, it must be changed if our great nation is going to be able to prosper and grow.    