As a society, it has become normal for kids to follow the same path every weekday that leads them firstly to school, and then back to home. Some schools are beginning to offer distance learning from home as an alternative to attending a physical school. This is unnecessary and could potentially be detrimental to students whom benefit from the physicality of school as it is now and could lead to unwanted effects. Schools should remain physical for many reasons, primary examples of why would likely be due to the organization that provides currently, and secondly because of the complications that online schooling creates.

Adapting to a new school system would be at the very minimum very dysfunctional to many students who have revolved their schedules around the physicality of current schooling. Both student and parent schedules have been built around what times they go to school and for many parents, a change to online school would provide struggle to return home everyday simply to tediously drive their children to their respective extracurricular activities they may have left after the shift to online school. A continuation of the current schooling method maintains this careful balance of how the students manage to attend their after-school events. This is also beneficial to parents whose work schedule may conflict with the schedule an online school would provide and for something as delicate as work hours, could mean having to face unemployment at the cost of switching schooling methods. Shifting an entire school's enrollment onto online school would also provide many students who already have difficulty with technological learning further stress and struggle.

Online school while in the end might be more fluid and simplistic than the current method of schooling, but online school would not be adapted without complication. The amount of children who already struggle with online testing and assignments is astronomically higher than the amount that struggle with physical paperwork and a shift to online school would only exacerbate that number. Online schooling creates complications that a normal school does not as for some children in lesser-fortunate areas, internet access isn't always an ability. Children plagued with unfortunate financial situations may not be able to pay the taxing amounts of money that internet companies demand in this technological age. This leads to some children being unfairly disadvantaged and prevented from holding the same opportunities as those with the ability to video call a private teacher. Online school creates a different learning environment, one which children of this current era, and parents of the eras prior, are both unequipped and unprepared for and would create adversity in finding the same strategies that were physically capable in modern school systems.

Online Schooling, while it may be beneficial to students with physical limitation or who need one-on-one assistance, would be nothing shy of disruptive, disorganized, and complicating to the systems currently in place. This being said, children should be equally able to attend schooling regardless of what form and for solely that reason, in necessity, Online school should be provided externally and not as a form of public education. Adopting a new method of schooling is non-assisting and should remain as an emergency protocol in wake of the impossibility of physical schools. Physical schools will be capable of providing schooling for generations to come and should remain as the primary method of public education.