Dear State Senator,

"The Electoral college is a process not a place. The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." I do not thing think this is the best method of voting on the next President for our Country. I feel this way because the people of America do not really make the decision of who becomes President their vote just goes to a slate of electors. People may say that the Electoral College is fair but some of the biggest states only vote on democratic or republican canidates and thats not fair at all.

The first reason I think the Electoral college should be abolished is because the deciding factor of who becomes Americas President doesn't come from the people it comes from the Electoral college. Under the Electoral college system, voters vote not for the President but for a slate of electors. The election process should be changed to "election by popular vote."

Another reason I think we shouldn't use the electoral college is because some states are biased towards certain political groups so say California wanted a democrat to be President that person would recieve 55 electoral votes from just one state! Many states that don't have as many electoral votes may not even get to see the canidates because they only care about the larger states. For instance, during the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad.

The third reason I think we should let the outcome be decided by the American people and not electoral colleges is because the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational. Because each state casts only one vote, the single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California.

In conclusion, I think that the Electoral College should be abloished because the deciding factor for who becomes President comes from the electoral college, states can be biased towards certain political groups, and because its just simply unfair, outdated, and irrational just like Bob Dole said!    