"The Electoral College is a process, not a place. The founding fathers established it in the Constitution  as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." As stated in source one this is what the Electoral College is there have been many arguments of whether or not the Electoral College should be dropped and change it to popular vote for the President or to keep the Electoral College. The Electoral college however should be dropped and changed to election by popular vote for President.

"Under the Electoral College, voters don't vote for the president, but for a slate of electors,who in turn elect the president." As stated in source two, if individuals wanted to vote for a President such as Obama or Romney they would vote for a slate of a number of people who pledged to vote for that President. The electors can be anyone not holding the public office. Even though the Electoral College would keep somewhat of a balance to voting it should still be dropped and allow the people to vote. The Electoral College is unfair to voters as stated in source two "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates dont' spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states."

The Electoral College consists of 538 electors and a majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. As stated in source one "You help choose your state's electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors." What most people worry about during the electoral vote would be a tie. The election would be sent to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president.

Overall the Electoral college should be dropped due to the risks that voters may not have voted for the right elector and the fact that a risk of a tie may occur.                 