The electoral college, despite being established by the constitution, is a corruptable system that should be abolished. The ultumate duty of the government is to protect and serve the people of America, yet our votes must go through this extra step to pick what will ultimately affect us most.

When we vote, we choose who will be running our affairs for the next four years. America needs a president who can govern us in this world of problems, so why would the system overlook portions of the public? What keeps the Members of the college in line with public interests? there is too much instability in the college for it to always align with the best interest of the American people because in its "winner takes all" policy it overlooks all members of that state who voted otherwise. The college looks at us like divided pieces, when we really are a whole puzzle. For example, when the majority of Floridians vote for one candidate, while just over half of the population of Texas votes for the other, looking at these two states only texas would win, despite more people in total voting for the other candidate. This may not seem like a common occurence, as article three stated it has happened only twice since 1888, but there is nothing to keep such actions from progressing.

What service does the Electoral college serve that the people cannot? its only purpose in the govenment is to elect the president. The public, however, is the life and soul of America. The government exists solely to keep order among us. There is no reason why a popular vote wouldn't show the best interest of the people, and a popular vote doesn't overlook any vote.

The greatest problems lie with the tie-breakers, because inthe event of a tie, the election's result goes to the legislature. a few people in congress are looking to fuel their own desires. when presented with the chance to earn more money, they would rather choose the option that will earn them more, even if it means going against the interest of the public.

The electoral college isn't a complete public enemy, however. The electoral votes are decided based upon a popular vote, so they reflect the public's interest, if a little distorted. Maine and Nebraska have an alternate setup of "proportional representation" as explained in article one. If anything is to be done, a simple reform would suffice. if electoral votes were awarded per a set number of people, it would better reflect the population than if votes were awarded entirely based upon the will of a state as a whole.    