In the article "The Challange of Exploring Venus," The author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The author uses a few reasons to support his argument, but he tends to dwell on the challanges of going to Venus and not the rewards.

First, his first and body paragraph focuses on how it is hard to get the right timing to go to Venus, and how all of our unmaned missions have not made it or not survived more than a few hours. He ends paragraph 2 by saying that it is hard to get the right timing to go to Venus and we have not had a spaceship touch down in more than three years. This is not a good way to start his article becasue it leaves the reader wondering why we would even bother going to Venus. The author makes it sound very challenging from the start and does not leave the reader with much hope for the journey to Venus.

In paragraph 3 the author describes the deadly charectaristics of Venus. He talks about how the planets surface is 800 degrees Farenheit and how the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than are own planet. Then the author gives examples on what those conditons can do such and melting metals and crushing submarines. Once again the author dwells on the challanges of going to Venus and not the rewards. Between the first and second paragraph the author does not build a compelling argument to go the Venus.

In paragraph 4 the author starts to build his argument for going to Venus. He states that it is the most earth-like planet, and it has a surface of rocky sediment that has planetary fetures close to ours. Other than that he does not build a case for Venus that a lot of people would back up. His argument that it si the closest planet in case we ever needed to leave earth is an invalid argument becasue of the state of our tech compared to the extreemley harsh conditions of Venus.

In paragraph 6 the author describes ways that we have tried to research Venuns that haven't worked. In paragraph 7 the author describes possible tech made by NASA that could solve some of the issues Venus poses, but that tech is simply not ready yet. This of the essay starts to make going to Venus sound more feasable, but the technology he is describing is not ready yet.

In the article "The Challange of Exploring Venus" the author tries to make an argument for going to Venus. He explains all the challanges and then tries to justify them by the payoff being to settle human curiosity. The article is well written he just makes more of a case for not going to Venus. Maybe in 50 years the technology will be in a good place to go to Venus, but as of right now it seems too challenging.   