Technology is proving fast. People have many different new ways to get education. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes by way of online or video conferencing. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they will get distract, have questions that can not be solve, and learn nothing without internet.

Student will get distract from learning at home. Some student have self control to learn, but most don't. They may doing another thing while learning, or fall in to a sleep. Student can play video game and the teacher will not notice. For example, kids are the fast learner on computers. My brother who is in second grade, he's English class is taking online. During the lesson, he open up another window to play game. He divide the screen into two small screen, so one side is English class and the another one is the game that he like to play, and teacher do not notice that. Technology is a simple way to get education, but also is the way how students can "cheat".

Student may have question during the online class that can't get solve. Not anything online can give you an answer. My geometry teacher was absent on one day, and she made a video of the lesson we missed. During the video, I have a lot question, I tried to find them online, but I find nothing. I couldn't solve the question until I see her again. There is a lot simpler to learn in class because teacher will give you example to help you understand the question and give some practice of it, this way you can really learn and understand the lesson. Online class is just give you a lesson, when you have a question, you have no one to ask and no where to get help.

Online class will not work without internet. Some places have problem on internet, if that happen, student will not learn anything. My friend Generic_Name, who live in a town, has very bad internet at home, sometime the internet is completely dead. She have to take the classes online, but without internet, she couldn't do anything. That day she was so angry because she learned nothing, and she don't have a second option to get education. Therefore, online class is not benefit to everybody.

Some may say students would benefit from attend classes from home because they will get enough rest; however, they would not learn anything. Learning at school will let students be more success and helpful. School can develops many talent students by working together with teachers. Attend classes is the only and the best way that people get education because student will be more concentrate, understand everything they learn, and get education in many ways.