Why if someone needs advice they make a choice to go to multiple people? Is that what you would do?

In my opinion I think that going to different people to get advice is good. Your probably wondering why ?

Getting advice from different people is good because different opinions could change your mind about something. If you need advice about relationships, friendships , getting along with someone, and or parenting you should go to people who have experienced things the same as you. When you ask one person for advice their advice may not always be the best choice for you but asking people if your option is a good option that could make you feel more positive about your decision.

Another good reason for asking many people is because it could lead you to better ways to solve issues. Lets say someone is trying to fight you. Would you want one person to tell you advice about a situation that is very serious like that ? You wouldn't want to take the advice because you are trying to get advice to solve the issue not advice to make the situation even worse than what is already is. If you cant find different friends to talk to maybe you could get different trusted adults to vent to them about somethings thats happening. Advice from different people may impact your life because your going to need advice in life all the time. I think that you can get advice from people can be wrong too but getting bad advice can make you think that your idea wasn't as bad as you thought it would be.

This paragraph is going to be about why getting advice from different people can be good and or bad.

Getting advice from different people can be bad because some peoples opinions can make a situation bad. It could be bad people the group of people you talk too is trying to set you up to get picked on becuse they dont like you. They might also try and tell you the wrong advce to try and mess the friendships you have up when you and someone are not on good terms. But there are many pros to getting advice from different people. Another good reason is getting advice from other people may want you to help give advice to people when they ask you to help them , or even if you see someone down and they look sad you should give advice and tell them to ask other people because they may not be sure about what you told them.

My last paragraph is going to be about talking to people that you trust to get advice. Talking to people about advice is big because what you may need advice about may be something you don't want everyone to know about. If you go people that you already know gives good advice are good people to look up to , not only because they give good advice but also because you know what you are talking to them about is private and you know that they keep things private when it is needed to be .

These are my reasons why I think getting advice from different people is important to do. Always get advice from different people