Phones and Driving

Should phones be acceptable to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle? Today, we will basically cover why people should be able to drive and use their cell phones. Nowadays, with all the technology some cars are capable to drive on their own. Tesla would be a company that has started this whole new thing called autopilot.

Autopilot is an advanced driver assistance system which has lane centering, adaptive cruise control, self-parking, the ability to automatically change lanes, and the ability to summon the car to and from a garage or parking spot. If you were to have that feature the car basically drives itself with asking you every 30 seconds to 2 minutes to grab the steering wheel and move it side to side just a little. Tesla has also announced sometime in 2020 that the car will be able to detect stop signs, cross-walks, stop lights, etc,. Which means the car is fully capable to drive itself anywhere you put the navigation to take you and you could fall asleep to your destination.

In addition, the Tesla model 3 has been tested and said to be one of the safest cars in the world with many of its safety features in the cars system. So if you're capable of purchasing the car then I think you should be able to use the phone while driving sense the vehicle is driving to begin with. But if you can not purchase the vehicle I think you should be able to use the navigation system on the phone and have it set up to where it's not dangerous to look of the road for a second as if you were checking how fast your going. Most people can not afford that car and they drive older models of cars which don't have all the new technology in their car and all the extra luxury.

In other words, phones should be allowed for some people to use while driving, while others can not. It really can not be unfair because if it was really important for them to use the phone while driving they might think I should work harder in life to be able to do all their things while driving. So people should and should not be allowed to use their cell phones while driving.   