Everyday, students wake up around 6 o'clock in the morning, struggling to get out of bed. Despite not wanting to go to school, being able to see friends is the key motivator to going to class. However, learning could change if it took place at home. Taking online classes can result to many factors. Attending classes from home can definitely affect students negatively. This type of learning environment can urge them to skip classes, distract them from learning, and can result to develop stress in students.

First of all, this type of environment can result to skipping classes. Some students block out their eduction and come to school for the sake of hanging out with their friends. For example, in Generic_School, there are students who take bathroom passes and never return to class, so they stall time and walk around the halls with their friends, or even leave school when they get bored. Getting scolded and facing consequences are results if caught by an administrator. This scenario centers around skipping classes on school grounds; however, this same concept can be applied at home when doing online classes. In school, students get scolded for their actions and doings constantly, whereas at home, no one can tell them off. This behavior can affect their learning much greater than in school because neglecting assignments and laziness comes into action. Another factor of skipping classes would be an increase of late work. Students who skip constantly receive late penalty points on assignments. Moreover, it affects their grades and learning.

Secondly, attending classes from home can lead to distraction. When doing any sort of work, people tend to keep their cellphones beside them for emergency reasons. However, social media plaforms such as Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, and Facebook gets in the way of getting tasks done. Students would have the urge to check their notifications, text messages, and snaps sent from friends, also known as cellphone addiction, a common factor of distraction. For example, Panda Bear, from the show "We Bare Bears", has a strong addiction to cellphones. He is also the type to risk anything for its safety. When doing activities, games, or missions with Grizzly Bear and Ice Bear, Panda Bear lacks attention to them; rather, he would stay on his phone, as he waits for his followers to like and comment on his recent post. The other bears would tell him countless of times to limit his cellphone usage, but he refuses to listen. This concept can be applied for students taking online classes because it affects their collaboration skills and halts them from finishing tasks.

Lastly, taking classes from home can affect a student's mental health. For example, Generic_School students who take AP classes stress a lot due to the overload of assignments given to them. In school, teachers are present to monitor their classes, answer questions, and guide those who are struggling. However, if classes were taken from home, students would have to learn by themselves. This would lead to more stress than students in school. Moreover, it can make them mentally unstable. Another example would be the lack of communication skills. The workload assigned to students can cause them to neglect others around them. This can affect their ability to communicate, and can develop isolation.

Students won't benefit anything from attending classes online. Compared to life in school, online classes can make students mentally unstable from overworking. Skipping classes on school grounds are unacceptable doings, but it can aslo happen at home as well. Cellphone usage can impact their learning, as they have more freedom at home than in school. This matters because there are cases where students who actually take classes from home refuse to interact with the world, meaning they become a home body. Taking online classes is not entirely bad, but it's best to keep it limited, like taking courses throughout summer breaks. 