Dear Principle,

Students grades seem to be a very important issue in today's society, so why do students feel sports are more important than grades? In my opinion, schoolwork and grades much more important than sports. It is necessary to create a policy where students must have a B average or above to participate in any activities. Students today have too much to do, and if this policy is created they would be getting better grades. For this reason, a policy is in the students best interest.

For one thing, students are under too much pressure with schoolwork and sports, which is why creating this policy would be best for them all. After having a long day of school, then going to do an after school activity, they have little time to do homework and study. Because of this, students rush causing their bad grades. Many people in this world feel they can do it all, when some people have a harder time multi tasking. By creating this policy, students would not feel pressured by sports which would create time for schoolwork and studying. Students would not feel rushed while doing their work if this policy were to be created.

Another reason this policy is a good idea is because it would bring the children's grades up. Students need to be able to have good grades. To get into good colleges, they do not only need good SAT scores but also good grades. Sports and activities are ruining their chance of getting into a good school. Many students have a C average, which is not substantial for them to get into the college of their choice. My cousin who one had soccer and tennis going on at the same time began seeing her grades drop. Once she saw that she had a lower score than she usually had, her grades rose back up. By creating this policy, students who do not see the problem, could realize they can not handle schoolwork and activities at once. Many students' grades will rise if this policy is enforced.

For these reasons, a policy is required for the students to get better grades. Without a doubt this is a very important issue that would resolve the problem. Many people today do not see the issue and need help to get better grades.