The "

limiting on car usage

" seems to be a very aggravating phrase for an entire population of people who have become so dependent on it. It's a concept that we can't take in. We Americans use our cars for a personal use daily. We are so accustomed to our cars that we just use it to perform simple tasks that we could use our legs that were given to us, for free, to cross the street. When the average person says that they would like to go to the market across the street, probably about 70%, don't even think about the fact that we could just simply walk there. Cars are endarging our environment and our health. Cars create so much pollution and is a health-risk. Our cars seem to be as important as one of our limbs. Something you could not bare to live without. Now here are some of the reasons why.

To begin with, cars are polluting our atmosphere. Have you ever heard of the "green house effect"? It's endangering our Earth, by polluting it, which is contributing to Global Warming. Cars are something we shouldn't always rely on. We have to get accustomed to the way of the pioneers. We all just need to limit the amount of times we use our cars and think, "hmm.. do i really need to use my car right now? Can't i just use my two working legs to get to where i want to go, which is right down the block." In the article, "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars", paragraph 5; lines 6-9, the article states that, and i quote, "passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50% in some car-intensive areas of the United States." Which is a whole lot of damage we are enflicting our own envirnment that we need to thrive on and live off. In reality, cars are overrated. We don't always need it, so we shouldn't always use it.

In the article, "Paris bans driving due to smog", paragraph 12; lines 1-3, it states, "congestion was down 60% in the capital of France, after 5-days of intensifying smog." Imagine all of that pollution on this earth if we kept using our cars, which are slowly killing us.

Not only do cars endanger our environment, but it also creates a huge health-risk factor.

Cars can make us become lazy. We can use our cars so much to the point where we could  get accustomed to cars and grow tired and weary of using our legs. We may as well just live in a car. Cars could also create lots of stress. In artcile "Car-free day is spinning a big hit in Bogota.", paragraph 5; lines 1-2, the author interviews someone and that person claims that, " It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air-pollution."

In Conclusion, we together as a whole should limit our car usage to cut back on pollution. We should all learn to be in touch with our environment and to just walk around in our clean, eco-friendly air. If we cut back, we wouldn't have to be worried about Global Warming anymore. We would all be closer, one step at a time.    