There has been a increase over the past few years of students saying, they hate going to school therefor, the school staff is trying to make school more enjoyable for students. Many students do not look forwads to waking up and having to go to school because, they get bored or don't feel like doing their work. A way to resolve this problem could be making it a requirment to take extracurricular classes. Students should be required to perticipate in extracurricular activities so that they can be more involved, given new oppertunities, and be more exited to do there work.

One reason that extracurricular classs are good for students could be that, the students would be more involved. Students would be forced to work with people. This could help them open up and be more social with people. If the student decides to do a sport as their extracurricular class, it would help them be a good teammate. This also would teach them how not to get upset if they lose. That is one reason why I think students should be required to perticapate in extracurricular activites.

My next reason why I think students should be required to do a extracurricular class is because, it would give them new oppertunities. Students would get to do more activites that they may have never done before. This would give them the chance to do more activites that they enjoy. Student want a more relaxing activity or class, that they can do. They want a little break in the school day to relax and be stress free. Thats another reason why it should be a required to make students do a extracurricular class.

For my final reason why I think students should be rquired to do extracurricular activites is because, it would make students more exited to go to school and do their work. Students should have something to look forwards to doing. No student enjoys knowing that they have to wake up and do the same boring thing everyday. They should be exited to go, and see what they are going to be doing for that day. Thats my final reason why I think that students should be required to do a extracurricular activity.

Making students do this activity would most likely make their grades go up. This would make them want to learn and do well. I think that students should be required to do a extracurricular class or activity because, it would make students more involved, it would give them more oppertunities, and it would make them more exited about going to school. 