Dear State Senator,

MONTH_DAY_YEAR

In this essay I will be explaining why the Electoral College shouldn't be kept,and why we should do a popular vote instead to determine the president of the United States.

In my opinion we should do a popular vote because we U.S. citizens know what we want. The Electoral College may know what they want for themselves as a unit but honestly I think that the United States should stick to a popular vote. In an article I read called "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong" by Bradford Plumer it states that state legislatures can technically be picking electors that will always defy the will of the people. I notice this to be very unfair because if electors are always going to defy what we say and want why should we vote. Isn't one of America's #1 catch phrases "

power to the people

" well in this case it seems to be "

power to the Electoral Collage

". In this article it also states that in many cases  "

faithless

" electors have ocassionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please! So if the electors can choose for whomever they please why can't we. I also think that the Electoral College is unfair because of the winner-take-all system. Candidates don't have to spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning in. While they go to the states that they know they have a absolute chance of winning in and take those winning votes. So in this case I have to agree with Bob Dole: Abolish the Electoral College!

I also think its wrong that voters can't always control who their voting for because we all the freedom to our own opinions and in the process of the Electoral Collage they are basically just throwing all opinions in the trash. They obviously don't care and I see this as completely irrational and unfair. I know that may use the Elecotoral Collage as a way to keep everyone calm but I think if they were to let the people vote they wouldn't have to be worried about us not being calm because that's us getting what we want and therefore why are we going to complain. I also consider the Electoral Collage electors high class. So in this case they are going to want to vote for the benefit of them, I think this is unfair to the lower-income families because if the electors choose a president that is going to want to take all the benefits away from lower-income families how are they going to live? How are they going to survive."Remember "

power to the people".

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME           