It is good to ask multiple people for advice. There are times where you cannot figure out the solution to your problem and your friends can help. Although getting advice from one person is good, having two or more opinions will help. There are a couple reasons why it is better to get two or more advices. Firstly, if you ask two people and they have the same opinion or advice then you should consider doing what they say. Secondly,one advice might not benefit you. Lastly, if you ask multiple people you have a better idea of what you could do.

Doctors have different opinions when treating sicknesses. For example, if you have a cold, one doctor could recommend you take certain pills and if another doctor agrees, then you could take them. Also if you had a gap in your teeth and your tooth hasn't come out, one orthodontist could say to get surgery and another orthodontist could confirm it, then you should make your decision.

If you are going through depression it is wise to tell your parents not your friends. Sometimes friends can tell you to do wrong things which will end up hurting you. Also if you have bad grades, your friends, who have dropped out, might tell you to drop out of school, but your parents tell you to try harder. You should always choose the wiser choice. One advice could be fatal but multiple give you more opportunities.

Finally, when you get multiple opinions, you can get a better idea of what you can do.

For example, if you have a project and you don't know what to do. You can ask your friends what they are doing or they can give you tips. If multiple friends tell you ideas, then out of those you can create your own.

In conclusion, getting multiple opinions or advice can help you decide which is best for you.

Sometimes one might not be the best but another could. Also multiple opinions can confirm something you've heard. Always ask for multiple advice on health issues if you have any. If you have multiple opinions, it could potentially be a lifesaver.