Dear Senator,

The Electoral College has worked for many years but is becoming unfair to the average, everyday citizen.  I've recently analyzed the following articles: "What is the Electoral College?" by the Office of the Federal Register, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even best-laid defences are wrong" by Bradford Plumner, and "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president" by Richard A. Posner. The United States of America should change to a popular vote for president to benefit the nation as a whole.

If we use the popular vote system, the nation as a overall unit will have some benefits in return. In, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong," by Bradford Plumner, it argues, "voters vote not for a president, but for a slate of electors". This statement is very much true. Citizens may think they vote for president, only to realize that he or she is chosen for them. The worst part of all, most don't know who the electors are. To strengthen, in, "What is the Electoral College", by the Office of the Federal Register, it claims, "the meeting of the electors where they vote for president". If this comes to be true, why even let citizens vote? Under this system, thier votes don't contribute to the presidential election. The presidential election should be by popular vote of the people.

However, the Electoral College does have it's benefits. In, "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president" by Richard A. Posner, it indicates, "no voter's vote swings a national election". This will allow the electors of each state to decide which president if better for the particular state. One voter's vote could choose the wrong president that harms the nation and doesn't help it.

It is clear to see that both sides have their own pros and cons, but the nation should use the system of popular vote. This allows the people of each state to choose which president benefits them.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME.    