Have you ever read the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus"?

The author does a good job supporting the idea the studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents in the article.

In paragraph four, the author states that, " Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well have once been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." (par. 4) the author then explains that the planet was probably covere in Earth-like features such as oceans. This could give us insight on what happened to Venus to change it into the toxic and empty wasteland that it has become and how something similar could happen on Earth, if we choose to explore the planet.

throughout paragraphs five through seven, the author explains methods and tools we could use to better study the planet. the author mentions NASA's idea for sending humans to study the surface of the planet. ' A blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape." (par. 5) and the use of mechanical computers in paragraph seven, "Simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested i a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." (par. 7) " Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers." (par. 7) Mechanical computers use gears and levers to make calculations instead of using electronics, maiking them more resistant th the pressure, heat and other forces of Venus's Surface

In the concluding paragraph, the author gives a couple of reasons and benefits of studying Venus, " Striving to meet the challenge presented by Benus has balue, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also becuase human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." (par. 8) this means that we can not only learn about Venus itself but also prepare us for the problems that may be presented by either other planets, or even our own in the future.

In conclusion, the author does a good job supporting the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. The author does a good job because the give reasons to study the planet, examples on how we can study the planet, and an explanation on why astronomers want to study Venus.