As years go by, technology advances. For example, everyone waits for the new Iphone to come out, or the next new gaming counsloe. It is a fact that technology will continue to become a more significant part of everyday life. Although, there are some ways that technology would not benefit people. Driverless cars are a prime example of technological advances going wrong.

Manufacturing driverless cars would only cause trouble for the future. First, driverless cars are too expensive to manufacture. In the article, the author explains how Radar alone costs two hundered million dollars. If just one part of the process of developing driverless cars costs millions of dollars, just imagine how much more it would cost to actually build them. Not only will the initial cost be in the millions, just think about repairs needed if an accident were to occur. The owner of the car would be in extreme debt by the time the tires are changed. In which case, driverless cars would just be an economical waste. Second, if an accident were to take place, the only people to blame would be the manufactuerers themselves. In pharagraph 9, the author explains how most self driving cars "focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers." This lead to many states banning the use of self driving cars. Companies still believe that these states will make it legal to test these cars once the cars are proved more "reliably safe." The fact of the matter is, that just one screw out of place could cost a life.

As technology advances, there are more chances that something could go wrong. Yes, driverless cars would be a huge advacement in this technology filled world, but people need to recongize the potential damage that come with them. Self-driving cars would be the equivalent of drivng with a blindfold. There is no point in giving something so unnesscary out to families. So to prevent harm to anyone, drivers, passengers, and predestrians, it would be best to not manufacture driverless cars. 