Technology has grow so much over the years. There is a new software called the Facial Action Coding System that can be used to calculate how someone is feeling.

This type of technology should be used in the classrooms of schools to make sure students get the help they need, and to keep them on task when they are at school on the other hand the schools would have to purchase and learn how to use the complex system.

Some students when they go to school are to shy to ask questions if they are confused about a topic. The article says " A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,Dr. Huang predicts. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor". This piece of text shows that by using the technology the students could get help with what they need and do not have to ask questions to the teacher. This technology would help so many kids that are to shy to ask questions in the classroom get the help they need.

For some students it is hard for them to stay on task while at school due to all the distractions around them.

The article says " For example, if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different.". This text from the article connects to the classroom, when a student is getting bored with the topic they are on the technology could change the lesson to make it easier for the student to stay on task. This technolgy could make students stay on task while they are in school by changing the lesson to make it more interesting for the students.

If this technolgy was used in the classroom it would be hard for every school to use it. This piece from the article says " Your home PC can't handle the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa's smile.". This shows that the schools would have to get all new PC's and learn how to use the new technology. Some schools do not have the money or the time to go out and buy and learn a whole new system of technology.

The technology can be used in schools to make sure students get the help they need, and to keep them on task when they are at school, on the other hand the schools would have to purchase and learn how to use the complex technology. This technology would help so many kids that are to shy to ask questions in the classroom get the help they need. This technolgy could also make students stay on task while they are in school by changing the lesson to make it more interesting. On the other hand some schools do not have the money or the time to go out to buy and learn a whole new system of technology. this technology should be used in all classrooms to help students get the best education.