Did you know the 75% of high school students do their summer assignments in the last week of the summer. Some even do it in the first week of school. This percent would decrease if the students projects were self chosen. It would help them by giving them the choice of doing what they want to do. They would be able to be more creative, be able to do it faster so they can enjoy their summer and some families money is a struggle and they can't afford the teacher directed projects so they can do what works for them.

When a project is student directed they have the freedom to do what they want and be creative with it and actually enjoy doing the project. I have had hundreds of projects in my eleven years of schooling and some of my favorite ones were in my cooking class last year. My favorite one in that class was a food truck project. My teacher said you have to make a cardboard box food truck, make a menu, and make one item on the menu. Otherwise we were free to do what we wanted. I ended up making some really good food because she said just do what you want. I also ended up getting a good grade because I could be creative on that project.

One major problem with summer assignments is that students either forget about them and don't do them or they push them off until the last minute. I am one of those students that procrastinates until the last minute to do my AP summer assignments. It makes it very challenging to do them when there is only one week in summer left and I want to have fun and enjoy the last parts of the summer. I have friends that are worse than me and either don't do the AP work at all or they do them at the beginning of the school year, but if they were self chosen they would not have the issue of not wanting to do them because they can do what ever they want and make it what they feel is good.

My final reason is more on the extreme side but I have seen it happen. It is where the teachers summer work is a large project that is simple but costly and some families that I have seen do not have enough money to do the project. They normally end up failing the project because they never did the work, but if they could do what they want for it they could've passed. Where if they were short on money and it was limiting them on what they could do if they needed to they could do a less expensive project and save their money for other things.

There are many other reasons that students should be able to do their own thing for their projects over the summer but here are just a few of the reasons that people say that they should remain teacher directed. It's that it is a lot easier for the teacher to grade based on what they are looking for because they can grade on their scale of how close it is to what they want. But when it is student choice they can be creative and have fun, the project can go faster and they can enjoy their summer for what is it and it can be more cost effective for the families that have lower incomes.