Have you ever awoken to the arrogant, angry shriek of your alarm clock on a Monday morning? Maybe you have even experienced the arctic splash of freezing cold water falling over your back as your mom struggled to pry you from a deep sleep. It is apparent that waking up for school each morning is one of the most dreadful moments a student will face. A potential solution to this issue is the introduction of online classes and video conferences. Through this much more compatible, modern way of learning, students would be less restricted and undoubtedly happier. By establishing the opportunity to attend classes from home, students will be able to spend significantly more time with their loved ones, obtain important skills including responsibility and time management, and even be able to improve their sleep schedules.

Recently, it has become difficult for students to spend enough time at home with their families, or even to establish a strong social life. Between countless extracurriculars, hours of homework, and demanding jobs, there is hardly enough time to relax, let alone spend time with anyone. By allowing students to attend classes at home, they will be given endless, new opportunities to enjoy their families. It will become possible to cook breakfast with their parents or play outside with their siblings. This improved way of learning will also allow for more time for students to make memories with their friends, an important part of any child's life. The importance of family and friendship is undeniable in the development of a child's mind; therefore, it should be more easily available to students. It could be argued that instead of creating online classes, students should just eliminate activities like sports or clubs from their unbending schedules. However, these extracurriculars actually account for most of the social skills and companionships students must gain to grow as people. Involvement in extracurricular activities is an active choice that students make; it is something that many youth desire, no matter the free time it may drain. School, however, is usually unenjoyable and forced onto students. Clearly, creating the option for students to attend online classes is a much more reasonable idea. Through the implementation of this technological advancement, students will be able to bond with their families and friends.

As students grow older, they must obtain certain life skills to guide them through experiences in college and the working world. By allowing students to attend online classes, they will learn to become much more responsible. Without a bell persistently ringing to keep students on time or teachers smiling beside each classroom to remind them of upcoming due dates, they will learn to manage their time wisely and keep a consistent schedule. They will also learn to be more self-accountable and independent. Such skills are necessary in any aspect of life, and students will be better equipped as they begin their journey through college or the workforce. By utilizing the idea of online schooling, students will be prepared to handle themselves as they independently face and overcome the real world.

Students struggle to get enough sleep because of the demanding schedule that school establishes. They usually arrive at school with heavy eyelids and stiff bodies, because it is utterly too early for them to be awake, let alone to learn. Studies have actually proven that detrimental health issues, including depression and anxiety, typically stem from lack of sleep. Because of students' biological clocks, waking up later is the only reasonable solution. Without rearranging the entire day, this issue cannot be adequately addressed by school systems. Thus, the option of online classes should be implemented in schools around the world. By allowing students to choose what time they wake up and begin their classes each day, they will be much less groggy and irritable. Their uncontrollable stress levels will significantly decrease, and their mindsets will positively progress. Student health should consistently be a top priority, and the most achievable step toward this is the improvement of their sleep schedules. Online schooling would largely help in accomplishing this.

Online classes and video conferences have the chance to make a real difference in students' lives, if they are just given the opportunity. This advanced version of learning would create bonds between students and their loved ones, provide important life skills to children, and improve student health and sleeping patterns. By implementing online classes, students will be able to discover an entirely new world of learning. School will be much more enjoyable, and students will even progress into better people through online schooling. Make online classes an option, and observe as students become much more engaged in not only the world of learning, but in the world itself.        