The advantages of limiting car usage are,street parking and driveways are now. car ownership only alloowed two places to park and that  large garages at the egde of the development where the car owner can buy space. Without that you wont be able to park anywhere  you would be better off walking or riding a bicycle.

There been efforts to make cities better for walking home and to other places. some countries developed increase of numbers of private cars owned and are being used with private parking spaces. It is a huge effect of reducing greenhouse gas if theres not lots of driving 50 percent of some car intensive area are effected. they are starting car reduced communities and legislator just for cautious to limit greenhouse gas from going out.

Many experts  expect public transportation serving to play a big role in the new limiting car usuage. They made the motorist leave there cars at home or suffer a big fine. They did care even if you have a license plate or a odd number plate. They also limited car usuage because france uses diesel fuel  and that was a big impact in western europe.

A car free day was made buses or taxes were the only cars permitted. They used those to ride to work or any other alternative to reduce smog. That was the best opportunity to clear air pollution. Many people from other countries came to see and celebrate the event that was happening. So many bicycle paths were made just because there were no more car usuage that was the most in any amercican city.

Sidewalks were replaced by even better smoother sidewalks even a rush hour started to happen now that the car usuage was limited. That dramatically cut traffic for taxes and any other vehicle that was still in usage. Some people feel more connected over the internet now instead of using there car to go see them all these changes made it  hard to continue the habit of not driving.

Since the cars were out of usage a bike shaing program started and really increased the population that has been dropped because of all the cars not in use. If you were around the age sixteen and thirty nine you could get your lisence and start to drive again.                  