Dear Florida State Senator,

I personally believe that the electoral college should be abolished. It can be unfair to the people. At most, there could be a tie between the electoral votes, causing the people to wonder and worry who will become president. Lastly, the candidates of the electoral college simply do not spend any time in the state that they know have no chance of winning. Three reasons that I believe the electoral college should be abolished are the following: the idea of having the electoral college is simply unfair to the people, many people worry that there will be a tie in the vote, and candidates do not spend any time in the state that they know will not win.

The electoral college is simply unfair to the people. Over sixty percent of voters would rather have a direct election. Instead of getting to vote for president, you have to vote for the electors who get to vote directly for you. To make it even worse, the senator's vote could change at any time. This often leaves people not wanting to vote again.

Another major problem with this idea is that there could possibly be a tie. Then, the election would be given to the House of Representatives. Now, state delegations would have to vote. Because of all the complications that this would leave, the people may not not get who they vote for. The election can always change with just a few votes.

Lastly, the candidates that the people vote for do not spend any time in the states that know will not win. The candidates only focus on the ones that they think will. During one election in 2000, seventeen states were not visited by the candidates. Even some of the states with the largest media markets did not see their candidates.

In conclusion, I believe that the electoreal college should be abolished. It is simply unfair to to the people. It can cause problems such as there being a tie in the vote. Lastly, the candidates do spend any time whatsoever in the states with no chance of winning. The three reasonds why I believe the electoral vote should be abolished are the folowing: it is unfair to the people, it can cause problems in the vote, and the candidates spend no time in the states with no chance of winning.                    