All around the world different countries have been noticing some things in life that are just better without cars or atleast less cars. With less cars things are more calming; its also better for everyone, including the enviroment.

To begin with, things can be way more calm in a life without cars. Many people happen to beleive that cars can change how you feel for example "When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way"(3). Heidrun Walter always felt tense with a car now she feels calm and relaxed. Life with less cars can be so much more relaxing without all the loud annoying noises cars make. In Vauban they are making some changes to how the people live so they can live more easy and calm. "Vauban, home to 5,500 residents within a rectangular square mile, may be the most advanced experiment in a low-car suburban life."(6). The way this civilization is all the people live close by and everything is close by so you dont really need a car. If everything is close by everything can be more fluent and calm.

In addition, it may be more calm without cars but it is also better for you and the enviroment. "passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gas emission in europe... and up to 50% in some car-intensive areas in the United States."(5). Wherever you are in the world greenhouse gasses will most likley affect your environment in some unnatrual way and that is not the best thing for you, the people you know, or all the plants and animals. Without cars polluting earth we would be way more healthy and many animals may not be endangered or extinct like they are today."how much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid."(7). If you drive less its not just better for the environment and your health it can also be better for your wallet. If you drive less you save money on gas that you can use for many other things. Overall driving less turns out to be better for everyone.

In conclusion, people driving less can make life easier and calmer, it is also better for people, plants, animals, and don't forget your wallet.     