Dear TEACHER_NAME,

On the behalf of my fellow classmates and I, we would like to consider the fact of not being able to use cell phones at school. Even though, spending time with friends is one of the most important things in a student's life, it should not allow a disruption during a student education.

In this case cell phones should not be allowed to be used during school hours.

To start out with, I know that students love to have cell phones but it should come to the case where they should not stop from learning. There is only one reason that I think that students come to school is because they want to learn and to become more educated for future plans. The different ways a cell phone can disrupt a students' learning is by texting constantly and talking out loudly with a friend and causing the teacher to take superb action.

In addition, the last thing that a student wants to have if their cell phone taking away and their parent being informed about it. So the best thing to do is to not have them out to begin with. Even though, it would be really nice to use your cell phone during free time, it could also lead to complaints and father discipline. Such as the music being to loud or when the bell rings a student may not hear it and forget to go to class.

Finally, if our school lets students bring in their cell phones, there will be a never ending rush through the halls looking and blaming other people for taking their cell phones. And chasing other students all around the school and yelling to give it back and also causing disruption for other class learning or taking a test. Plus, there would be more talking about other things than just school work. And if a student does not focus on their school work, their grades could fall greatly causing their cell phones to get taken away by their parents.

In conclusion, my fellow classmates and I know that cell phones should not be allowed in any school because of the reasons that could affect the students way of learning.

I hope that when our principal reads this letter that she will considering that cell phones being used at our school is not a very well thought out idea to have.