In the classroom setting, most of the time teachers struggle to understand the ever changing moods and emotions of their students.

This presents a problem for the education system, as trainer and trainee usually need to see eye to eye for progress to be made.

Fortunately for us, technology has improved to the point that computers can describe all the emotions on someone's face.

The use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because a computer will not tire and therefore will be able to calculate emotions in a longer timeframe than humans, it can be more accurate than normal people, and it could actually modify different procedures based on the software's collected data.

First and foremost, the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because a computer will not tire and therefore will be able to calculate emotions in a longer timeframe than humans.

In the article Making Mona LIsa Smile there is a quote that says; "The software is the latest innovation from Prof. Thomas Huang...(D'alto, 1)"

The quote clearly says that the emotion-recognition technology is computer software, and therefore can function for longer amounts of time than a normal human, which makes it valuable.

Secondly, the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it can be more accurate than normal people.

In the article called Making Mona Lisa Smile, there is a quote that states; "Using video imagery, the new emotion-recognition software tracks these facial movements...

By weighing the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions.(D'alto, 4)"

Most of the time, one can really only make an educated guess at what's on other people's minds.

But with the use of the emotion-recognition software, one can accurately describe the emotions on one's face, which makes it valuable.

Furthermore he use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it could actually modify different procedures based on the software's collected data.

In the article called Making Mona Lisa Smile, there is a quote that says; "A classroom computer [using emotion-recognition software] coul recognize when a stidnet is becoming confused or bored... Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.(D'alto, 6)"

The quote explains that the emotion-recognition software has the capability to modify the way is does a task based on the data is collects.

This alone makes it a very effective instructor, and also very valuable.

In conclusion, the use of technology to read the emotional expresions of students in a classroom is valuable because it can keep functioning for a long time, it can represent its collected emotion data as numerical values, and it can change how it does things based on this.

The tech indeed very valuable.

It could change learning forever.  