I personally think that going to more then one person to ask for advice is a great idea because you are getting different peoples perspective for more then one side. Also, if you only listen to one person that is giving you false information then that will cause you to believe in what ever they say even tho it could be wrong. Then that will led you to give false information then when someone finds out it wrong they will never believe you again. Not only is getting more then one opinion a good thing it gives you the right thought lets say you wanna play football and soccer but you only have time for one then you go ask your friend and your friend says you should play football. After,you still dont know what to do so you ask your other friend you friend says soccer so then you think.

After, a couple of days you ask you friend that ask why did you say I should play football he says football is more manly and you need to be really good and have a lot of skill and need to be strong for football. Rather then soccer where you just kick a ball into a goal and over celebrate. Football use a bunch tackling and running,catching,throwing. You also have trow a perfect spiral or the team will intercept it or it will get swatted. On top of all that a wide receiver have to run a really complex route for the defender to get off of him and for him to catch it. afterwards, the quarter back has to avoid getting tackled and releases the ball before getting tackled from 3-4 linemen. Also,football is better to watch there are field goals,touchdowns,even two point plays which makes the game even more fun to watch. Football also has a super bowl after every season to determine who is to best in the league during the super bowl game theres is also a half time show where celebrities preform to sing and dance. So that is why I think you should play football and why I think football is better

After,you hear your friend talk you go to your other friend and say the same thing why did you say I should play soccer?.He says because soccer is about teamwork and strategy like passing the pass to your teammate a certain way or direction so the defender doesnt get it ,or you shoot it with more curve then power so the goalkeeper doesnt save it. Soccer is more complex then you think like goalkeepers. Goalkeepers are one of the hardest position to play if not the hardest its so skill based you need to know wen to dive or when to jump,or know if its going out ,or curving in. Also, you need to work with you team or your not going to do so good. Soccer use a lot of running,stamina ,and quick thinking. Like for example if there is a defender on you and you have the ball you need to figure out if our going to shoot, pass, or straight up just out run him. Also,defending is extremely hard to play and extremely important because if you dont have defense ,or not good at defending they will simple just out run you ,and score .Soccer also has a thing called Champions league where all the teams compete to see whos the best in the world. Do you get it now how soccer is based of skill and strategy ,and not just kicking a ball in to a goal.

After,all it not about what sport is better or what is more watched or liked better its about playing what you want to play ,and how you want to play. you see this is why I think getting more then one opinion from two different people is important it can really help out the situation if you ask the right people they will lead you to the right decision this is also really important if your not sure what to do or just want to learn more about your decision before making it.   