As a teenager myself, it is very hard to wake up early in the morning and attend school for 7 hours a day, not including extracaricular acivities. Taking even some of those classes online could benefit students ability to learn with a comfortable learning environment. Sitting in uncomfortable chairs and cold classrooms is not an ideal place to be for a long period of time-- so if students were offered more opprotunities to learn from their own bed, living room, or a coffee shop through a computer, their quality of learning would greatly improve. It would also allow them more independance; because it would be their responsilibilty to get their work done, but an inevidable threat to that is students not putting enough time into the class at home. Although online classes may not be as structured as attending them at school, students are able to work in an environment they are comfortable in, and become more independent due to the resonsibility involved.

Online classes would benefit student's comfort in their learning environment; allowing them to enjoy the experience more. Coming into school 5 days a week and learning 7 classes worth of information is straining to our developing brains, so being able to attend a few of those classes from our homes, a coffee shop, or even while on a vacation would benefit the process. I did an interview with one of my close friends, Generic_Name, whom takes online classes to find out more about the learning environment. "I love it," she said, "I can sit in my bed and do my english class, or I could put in a pair of earbuds and do it at Starbucks." Online classes could enable students to choose where they want to work. While a noisey classroom with 30 other kids in it would usually be distracting, the students could decide where they wanted to participate in class that day. Comfort is a key factor in success at learning, and applying that information-- but being uncomfortable is also important. Without discomfort students don't have a good foundation for what to expect in the future, and that's why the learning curve of online classes helps students to develope independence.

Having the resonsibility of "attending" and participating in online class sessions is a lot to ask of some teenagers, but it can help them become more indepentent as well. Although online classes would allow more comfort, physically going into school, and sitting in a classroom with a teacher persuades students to do their work-- since there are little alternatives. People with that view could argue that going to school offers more structure for students who need it and don't have the motivation to do the work on their own. Towards the end of my interview with Generic_Name she mentioned that, "It's hard not having a teacher to work with directly to help me, but I think it has made me a better writer, since I've been having to do a lot of my own writing." Online classes make students become more independent and ready for their future jobs when they grow up. As many people graduate from high school, they have little knowledge of how college will go, so through these online classes students will, early on, have to adapt to getting their work done on time without the constant reminder of a physical teacher. Though online classes may not feel as structured as attending school, they allow children to gain independence and sense of what to expect in the future; because we won't always have the help we need whenever we need it.

Taking online classes in the comfort of your home or somewhere you feel safe could benefit the way children learn and apply new information, due to the environment they are recieveing the information in. When combined with comfort and new, difficult information, students are able to branch off and experience real world things. As we continue to develope technology, it's important to use it to our advantage and make sure kids not only get the education they need to be successful, but the experience of becoming less reliant on others, and more so on ourselves as well. 