"CRASH!" The driverless automobile hits another vehicle. The wreck is capable of being prevented if there is a driver in control. "Driverless Cars Are Coming" is an article that depicts driverless cars. The advanced vehicle is helpful in various situations, but it can also have its unfortunate moments. The invention is not supported. The independent automobile is in danger of a technical problem, and the possibility of someone being injured is very high. The new technology is expensive too, and frequent problems with the law can occur. The independent vehicle has many disadvantages.

Driverless cars put everyone at an even higher risk of being injured or killed. There are not any natural instincts or feelings that can easily adapt to adversity. If the driverless automobile is confused, damage can possibly occur. "For starters, they needed a whole lot of sensors," is a quote that displays the importance of human feelings and reactions. "The combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel," is another detail from the passage that shows the emotionless car's disadvantage. The advanced automobiles do not have instinct, intelligence, or reasoning of a human being.

The driverless vehicle is also very expensive. There is no point in paying more money for this irrelevant toy when there are cheaper options. "Radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. It wasn't something you could buy at Radio Shack," is a clear example of the uneccessary payments. "These smart-road systems worked surprisingly well but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical," is another quote that depicts the financial aspects. The computer-driven cars cost too much money.

Disputes with the law can occur. The driver and the manufacturer are mostly like going to get in many quarrels. "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" is a question from the passage that explains the confusion. "Still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident," is a detail that also explains the uncertain responsibilities. Problems with the law are likely to happen.

The idea of driverless cars roaming around does not sound like a fantastic idea. Someone is at a higher risk of getting hurt. The modern invention is expensive; disputes are likely to happen with the law. People are capable of changing the world in a better and safer way. The creation of the driverless car is definitely not a way to improve the world. 