What if you missed a day of class and when you came back, there was a test ?

I think that students would benefit from video conferencing with the school. My reasons for thinking this are as follows: if a student is sick or can't attend school for one reason or another then conferencing would help them to get the information. Also, if you didn't understand the lesson you could video conference at another time and maybe understand the lesson.

Let's tackle the first reason. If you had a cold and when you came back there was a test? You would probably be annoyed, because you didn't know the information. However, if you video called to the classroom when you were sick, then you would understand the material because you were there when the teacher taught it. Video conferencing the classroom when you are out opens a lot of new possibilites. Now when you come back to class you don't have any make-up work because you were there when they did the work. I read an article in the

New York Times about students missing class, and they said that one of the biggest reasons that students don't do well in school is because they miss school days.

Now let's get to the second reason. If you were in class and you didn't understand a concept what would you do? If you could video conference then, after class you could conference with the teacher and talk to him/her about concepts you did not understand. If students could conference from home with their teacher about material that they didn't understand then grades would probably go up. I remember once I was in class and we were learning about quadratics and I did not fully understand it; so, I went to the test and I did not do well. If I had a conference, then I could have been able to understand the material and I could have done well on the test.

Someone who is against the idea of video conferencing might say that: "It costs to much." or, "You can just pay attention in class." However I argue that the cost if worth it, if kids who are sick can still do well on the tests. Additionally, sometimes you can pay attention in class and still not understand a concept so, conferencing teachers could help. In my opinion, the benefits far outweigh the costs when it comes to video conferencing.

For the reasons stated, I think students would benefit from video conferencing with the school. If a student is sick, or can't attend school for one reason or another then conferencing would help them to get the information. Also, if you didn't understand the lesson you could video conference at another time and maybe understand the lesson. Therefore, if you agree with me on the issue of video conferencing, then make your opinions known and we might be able to make widescale change.