The development of driveless cars is more of a complication than an advancement. There are many issues involed with driverless cars including the possiblity of techincal difficulties, liability disputes, and the maintained awarness of the driver. There is no way to fully eliminate these promblems even with more technolody.

Everyone knows technology doesn't work as planned one hundred percent of the time. Therefore it is not a good idea to be completely reliant on the technology in driveless cars to function properly all the time. Someone could be seriously injured or killed by a simple techincal error, which could be avoided by the continued use of mannually driven cars.

The idea of human error could be argued against that piont, but then you also have the problem of liability. As the article, Driverless Cars Are Coming, said, "If technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" This could cause hundreds of complaints and court cases arguing who pays the fine for the accident. Many driver's may even blame technology malfunctions to avoid taking responsiliby for accidents.

Yet another problems is making sure the driver stays focused. The article pionts out that psychological aspects of driverless cars could be a challenge as the driver gets bored waiting for their turn to take over. If the driver gets bored there is a good chance they will try and find something else to entertain them, such as electronics, which will take there focus off the road. Ways to keep the driver alert were mentioned in the article, but it wasn't stated what would happen if the driver ignored the alerts because they think the technology can handle it.

Driverless cars simply present too many problems and unanswered questions. What happens if the technolgy malfunctions while the car is driving down the road? Who's fault is it is someone is injured due to technology failing? How can you be sure the drivers pay attention and are ready to take over if needed? Manually driven cars are working well enough and don't present these issues so why switch driverless car?       