To some people the limit of car use is very important to them, because they want to stop pollution or things. In the city of Vauban, Germany they do not use cars because, to start off with to even park a car you would have to pay $40,000 plus the price of your house to be able to park it at a parking garage. The city has worked for two decades to make Vauban, Germany better for walking. Which made Vauban home to 5,500 residents within a rectangular square mile. This made people all around the world consider to reduce car use, in America the Environmental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communities.

Other countries strictly rely on car reducing to take down the amount of polltuion in the air. Paris days after a near-record pollution forced car reduction to everyone. Almost 4,000 drivers were fined, and many had their cars impounded. People in the capital city of France were starting to get sick and get congestion because of all of the smog, and pollution from cars. For Paris to have car reduction they had to ban any cars with odd numbered license plates from driving for a certain period of time. After all of the pollution in the air had cleared enough they had a party for the people with odd numbered license plates to drive again.

In another occasion of car reduction Bogota, columbia had a car reduced day where people would hike, bike, skate, and take buses to work. They as well used this chance to clear pollution of the air and some people didn't mind it, they had a chance of a stress free day and the ability to lower air population. Any violators who chose to drive a car would be issued a $25 fine. Other countries who did not have car reduced days liked the idea of it, and thought they were generating a "revelutionary change". Due to these car reduced days parks and sports centers have been an uprise. The days without cars is a campaign that began in Bogota in the mid-1990s.

In the United States of America government officials have talked about car reducing, but have never passed it. In 2005 the miles driven in America had peaked, and dropped steadily after. Michael Sivak said, "What most intrigues me is that rates of car ownership per household and per person started to come down two to three years before the downturn". Bill Ford owner of For Motor proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which "pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety.    