Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by the way of online or video conferencing . Students from all around the world would be able to attend school from their houses or wherever they are at for the time being . They would be able to join classes at anytime of the day so , its basically like making their own schedule .Opponents incorrectly think that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because, these students would procrastinate more and its easier to cheat from home than in school . Although some believe students would not benefit from being able to attend classes online it should be known that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home .

One reason that students would benefit from attending classes from home is that many students can not afford to go to school . For example:not having enough money for books and clothes but , from home you can user online books like e-books and such . and the clothes wouldnt be a problem nobody knows what you wear at hone home . The professor or teacher can make a recording of the lesson to students who arent able to be in the class . In addition, this change in school can also decrease the chance of bullies . For instance, many students get bullied for appearance and could be targeted by bullies, if these said students start attending school from home the bullies would no longer have anybody to pick on . Also there could be a decrease in teenage deaths due to suicide .

Lastly, this change could prevent the most common cold . Colds are often caused by interactions with other people if nobody is in school , there is a least likely chance of becoming sick . For example , sharing things such as : food , pencils , and other things can cause colds because of germs and not everybody is clean.

Additionally , having students attend school from home is much safer and easier, by having students work by they selves they are learning how to be self dependent and learn responsibility .This concept is teaching young adults how to live in the real world . For example, learning time management is a big key to responabilty and students can not procrastinate on whats important like a paper thats due at the end of the week . Students have to learn how to plan ahead so, that they do not fall behind . Also, these students can get a head start if they do work from home . for example if you are a stay at home single teen mom you no longer have to pay for childcare. Other way students benefit from this new program is that they can make their own schedules on when to do school work. Some students might work better at night so they do all their other errands during the day and school work at night , many students are the other way around .

Even though some many believe students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home , it should be know that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home . Opponents wrongly think that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because , not everybody has access to an online computer or laptop and might not be able to learn specifically one on one . Students would be able to benefit from attending classes from home because , different people from around the world can , it prevents bullies , and also prevents colds. Additionally students would benefit from attending classes from home because they learn time management plus responabilty , can make their own schedule and can get a head start into the real world,

and learn to be self dependent . As a result this plan should be permitted to all schools , everywhere as a reason for students to do better and learn more , not only for them but others as well . 