Dear, Mr./Mrs. Florida state senator

I am writing to you about the Electoral College and i would like to share my opions with you. As we know the Electoral College chooses the president by having 538 electors and the winning president must have at least 270 electoral votes to claim the presidency. States get a number of electoral voters and depending on the size of the state depends how many voters that state gets, bigger states get more electoral voters and smaller states for example Rhode Island get less. The way the Electoral College is set up it seems that the men/women running for presidency would try to get the minds of the bigger states with more electoral voters to choose them so they can reach the 270 mark. It is clear to me that we have done it this way ever since the founding fathers created it. Its time for a change, the Electoral College is out of date and needs to be replaced with popular vote. Lets not forget the 2000 election when Al Gore won the popular vote but lost because of the Electoral College, Al Gore quite frankly should have won, I mean he did have more votes.

The Electoral College is a system that doesnt work, popular vote on the other hand does work. If the United States of America wants a "fair" election then we should give them one with the popular vote. It is simple and easy to understand, the man/woman with the most votes wins the presidancy. Its time to let the Electoral College go bye-bye, the 538 electoal voters need to leave and make room for a more efficeint election. Most Americans are done with the "winner-take-all" style, if we can let the Electoral College go we can have more "fair" elections, not "winner-take-all" elections. Sometimes though even the electoral voters don't even vote for who won that state they also vote for whom they want to be president. The Electoral College is not effitient, in "1968, a shift of just 41,971 votes would have deadlocked the election," and again in 1976 a tie could have happened if some voters voted the other way, in that case they were only a few votes away from a disaster. If we have the popular vote then canidates would try to get everyone from every state, but with the Electoral College some canidates dont even visit a state or a region they know they won't win over. So that means they will try the bigger states or a region they came from with that said its unfair to the voters.

The Electoral College is a good way for the voters within the college to cheat their way into having the candiate they want to win, win. So if this country wants a more fair vote every four years on a Tuesday after the first Monday then we must have popular vote.

I hope you will take my facts and opions into consideration and give it time to think and discuss what you think, but if everyone wants a more fair election I say we give them one.

Thank you for your time,

from: a student from a high school.    