Distance learning is defined as online classes or video conferencing. In other words, it's homeschooling. Students who are enrolled in distance learning usually end up in that position due to life factors such as bullying, disabilities, or mental illness. The discussion of whether this is beneficial or detrimental to students is a gray area, with both sides making reasonable arguments. However, I personally am against distance learning. Homeschooling offers a controlled environment with little disruption, but it hinders a child's social skills. Although learning in ones household gives students more freedom in the day to move around when they want, they also have the freedom to ignore their responsibilities and not do the work. A student's concentration levels can increase, but staring at a screen for long periods of time can cause irritation to the eyes. There's nothing wrong with the idea of taking lessons outside of school, but to be aware of the issues with learning from home is necessary.

For starters, distance learning contributes very little to the social skills of a student. Imagine pulling a child out of school, away from their friends and favorite teachers, and plopping them down in an empty room with nothing but a computer and some scratch paper and telling them, "This is how you're going to take lessons from now on". Although this can be resourceful to students on the autism spectrum or other health problems, keeping them stuck inside a house all alone may do more harm than good. For example, an old friend of mine from Generic_City is home schooled. While they didn't mind it, they would oftentimes gripe about how unbearably lonely and depressed they were; they couldn't go anywhere, there was nothing to do and there was nobody they knew in real life to talk to. Students will be unable to engage in opportunities to interact with people around their age, nor can they participate in any events or extracurricular activities. As a result, they could grow up socially awkward or verbally impulsive, negatively affecting their chance at proper growth.

Secondly, the concept of students working at home can be difficult to manage. When a teenager takes online classes or video conferencing, nobody is making sure they're doing their assignments. Young people are lazy by nature; when a teacher or adult leaves the room, we lose focus and chat among each other. In a controlled environment this wouldn't be a problem, but with nobody supervising the student, it makes it easier for them to neglect their classwork and do whatever they want. When I took homeschooling for a mere three days, I did very little of my homework; I found the task boring and pointless, and eventually I returned to public school. Additionally, online classroom assignments are more time consuming and challenging than what public school has to offer. This only further discourages the student from applying any amount of effort into their classwork, especially if they cannot understand the subject.

Finally, the reason why distance learning is not as effective as in-school learning is due to how homebound students are taught. In today's age we learn with the help of technology, using sideshows and laptops to simplify lessons for the young. Students in public school, while relying on electronics for information, don't get as much screen time as home schooled kids do; taking online classes requires a computer. If a home schooled student spends this much time scrolling and clicking through each and every lesson, that would mean the average screen time they receive is twice more than what publicly schooled students are exposed to. As harmless as it may sound, staring at a bright white screen can cause irritation to the eyes, causing tension headaches or nearsightedness; it can wear out your back or increase the likelihood of suffering from depression or anxiety. I used to have an addiction to my electronic devices. As a result, I was cranky and miserable, and my eyes and back were sore from sitting hunched over my phone. If a student benefits from learning through a computer, there is nothing wrong with that. That doesn't mean, however, every home schooled child can afford to stare at a screen for hours a day without feeling physically or mentally drained.

We all want the best for our youth, but doing that requires the process of making difficult choices. Distance learning provides an opportunity for students, yet doing so may hurt their behaviors in secretive ways. Students--specifically those with mental disabilities--can thrive in a learning environment without the fear of being bullied, but it can prevent them from meeting new people in both the classroom and in an after-school activity. Homeschooling has a more controlled, less disruptive environment, yet with no teacher present it can give way to laziness. Technology makes learning easier, but for students who have to learn electronically everyday, their physical and mental health are at risk of harm. The solution to this would be to eventually enroll a child into public schooling once they're at an appropriate age; distance learning is effective to others depending on their character, but as they grow up, it's better for them to develop and flourish alongside students in their grade rather than by themselves.