Have you ever wondered or wanted to take your school classes at home. Well I feel students would benefit from taking classes at home because its more comfortable for students and its less stress on a student.

A way students will benefit from taking their classes at home is it will be more comfortable for them. For example, a reason why so many kids do not like going to school is getting up early and sitting in plastic chairs for most of the day, but if the students were at home they would not have to worry about sitting in plastic chairs or getting up early and they would feel more relief when they are learning. This shows that students will benefit off taking classes at home by being able to relax to give them a better work ethic.

Another way students will benefit from taking their classes at home is it will be less stress on the students. For example, turning in assignmetns late is a big issue most students have but when this is done electronically over a computer work is easy to obtain and turn in because the students will not have to keep up with all paper printed assignents when it is on computer for them. This show that kids will benefit off taking classes by the students being more focus on task and responsible for the assignments they turn in through computer at home.

Some people think that students are better off taking classes from school. However, those people are wrong because most students in general do not like school. Unlike school, students will benefit from taking classes at home because all they have to worry about is finishing the work which is why students would like home school better. For example, students will be more determined if they can get the assignments done and move on to something they wanted to do and them not having to worry about a teacher telling them get off the phone the idea is to get the students to want to learn.

Its more comforable and less stressful for students to take classes from home. These are the benfits from taking classes from home. Principal please consider these ideas for the students and maybe make a change. Thank you.          