Cell Phones and Driving

Should you be permitted to drive a vehicle while using a device? In this case you shouldn't because it comes with many risks while you're on the road. You put yourself in danger while putting other drivers in danger as well. You risk your life with others on the line too!!!!

To begin with it's a big distraction on the road. When you choose to text and drive, you're threatening every single driver around you and placing more value on that text message than yourself and your fellow drivers. You tend to check your phone so much which can cause you to crash with someone else. But also take the focus of your surroundings while driving. It takes your focus away from safe driving. One single text can make a blink of an eye change your life of someone else's life. Also when you're engulfed in a texting conversation, it's easy to forget you're sharing the road with other people. It also takes your hands off the steering wheel to answer one single text.

Another reason that driving while using a device should be allowed is because it is illegal. You get pulled over and get a ticket. But also if caught many times can cause those digits tickets to go up which means big money tickets. It can also rise in auto insurance rates. It can lead up to prison time as well .Is it worth risking your freedom?

More so, is it worth the emotional damage a car accident causes to everyone involved?

Also it leads to getting your license suspended. The consequences you'll face for texting and driving are similar to those you'd get for another one of the most serious driving offenses which is a DUI.

A third reason that using a device while driving shouldn't be allowed is because it can have huge risks. Sending or replying to a text requires that you remove at least one hand from the steering wheel so that you can grip your phone and thumb in a reply. So not only are you multitasking and not focusing your eyes from the road, but you're also trying to deftly use your phone with one hand while at the same time steer your vehicle. So not only do you risk crashing with other vehicles but also losing the steering wheel which is the control of driving the vehicle.

Being able to use a device while operating a vehicle shouldn't be allowed. It brings too many risks and changes to the environment of driving. There would be a lot of accidents on the highway due to having access to a device while driving. Would you want a family member or friend to be on the road with someone so oblivious to the traffic around them? Remember, every time you get behind the wheel, you're entering a shared experience with mothers, fathers, friends, and children. It is every driver's responsibility to always be careful and attentive, ensuring everyone can safely get from Point A to Point B. Which is why driving with a device on your hand shouldn't be allowed.                  