Students are expected to wake up earlier morning and attend school for 7 hours a day consequently for 5 days per week. Moreover, students must balance sports, jobs, homework, and extra curricular activities. The constant pressure of having to find the perfect balance among everything leads to stress on a student's brain. In an attempt to alleviate this issue, schools have begun to offer alternative options such as online classes. Some parents may argue that taking classes online is not in the best interest for young students as it prevents the growth of social skills. However, online school would, in fact, help students gain social skills as they are able to have more free time for sports, jobs, and even hanging out with friends. It also would help students gain the skill of time management. Overall, the ability to attend video/online classes from home would be beneficial for students because it would help reduce stress and anxiety, provide more personalized learning for students, and allow for a more flexible schedule.

The overall environment of school has been known factor that leads to stress and anxiety. Generic_School in Generic_City is one of many overpopulated schools in the country. In the mornings, traffic is backed up all the way to nearby housing communities and shopping centers. During class changes, the packed hallways have caused panic attacks as students are barley able to navigate. In attempts to solve this issue, students have been switching to online classes while taking only a couple of classes in school. Students with anxiety are able to either come into school late, leave early, or both to avoid traffic and the crowded halls. This reduces anxiety for students as they are able to avoid big crowds. Mental health is extremely crucial to take care of in order to provide the best performance in school. With the long school days and commitments to other activities outside of school, students receive little to no sleep. Taking classes online would allow students to get more sleep as they arrive to school later. Sleep is one of the most beneficial factors in terms of reducing stress. Less sleep would increase anxiety and result in poor performance in school. As attending classes from home helps reduce stress and anxiety, it also helps with population control among schools.

Students can get more personalized in regards to classes on the internet. Instead of having a fixed 7 hour school day, the doors open for students to work at their own pace. Pacing allows young students to gain the skill of time management, which will help them in the near future. Students will very likely be able to learn more efficiently and score higher on tests as they can take things slow. On top of pacing, students are also able to get more one on one help with video conferencing. The ability to ask for individual help allows young cohorts to be more interactive with the knowledge, which in return, helps memory retention. As class sizes are growing in public schools, individual help is not always readily available, so with video conferencing, help is available more quickly. With online classes being more personalized to students, they are also provide more flexibility.

Working on school classes from home allows more flexibility with other activities. Student athletes spend a large amount of their time on sports as they train to get better. Generic_Name from Generic_School plays travel volleyball. She got offers to play at multiple different colleges, however, in order to be able to attend those colleges, she needs to constantly condition herself, which would cut into her regular 7 hour school day. In this scenario, online classes would help her schedule as she would be able to do attend school and play volleyball without anything overlapping one another. This will help set a path for her future. Along with sports, comes jobs. With young cohorts coming from the lower side of middle class families, teens start working as soon as possible to save up money for college. Online classes would allow teens to be in school for a shorter time as more time is open for teenagers to be working.

Online classes, in conclusion, are a great idea as they benefit people in all aspects. Taking classes online would provide students with flexible schedules, have a more personalized style of learning, and would overall reduce stress and anxiety. With flexible schedules, students are able to achieve more outside of school, specifically, in regards to jobs and sports. They are also able to get more individual help as they gain the abilities to be more proactive with their learning as stress from the crowds and traffic from schools decreases. School from home allows one to get more done in less time.