As a student who has previously used online videos and readings as a way of education, I strongly believe that online and video education is beneficial to many students. You never know what kind of struggles a student is going through, and if we can make the school environment more comfortable for them, that is vital.

For example, we don't want a student with a phobia of school to miss out on an education; therefore, the school system must provide a way for the said student to get things done. Without online classes, the student would have to come into school to get paper work, and that may be a trigger for them.

Not only does video education support kids with illnesses and other personal problems, it is more efficient than in-school teaching. Work gets uploaded faster and easier, and questions are answered more quickly. Students can work at their own pace, and in many instances they fly ahead of their peers because they are not being dragged behind by other students who may not be on the same level as them.

We can even mention the event of a widespread illness taking over - if a school were to shut down, what would they do without online education systems like google classroom? That is one of the only ways to keep our students up-to-date and educated during trying times. Studnets may be quarentined inside their homes, but that doesn't mean they cannot get any work done, all thanks to online schooling! Teachers would easily be able to send out assignments everyday to keep the class on track.

Even students who attend public schools use online videos and readings everyday. Teachers would not be able to do their job without the use of electronic education, and students wouldn't be able to learn. The age of technology is upon us - it's no surprise that the internet has become such a huge part of the school system.

Online school is an equitable solution to the many obstacles students may face during their years in school. How would the education system be viewed if they didn't take into account students who physically or mentally cannot participate in public schooling? I don't think they'd be considered a very open-minded operation.

In conclusion, every student deserves an education, no matter how and when they get it. Whether it be at a desk and in a class, or at home in bed, every education is worth it, and every student is worthy of a formal education.  