The reason people seek mutiple advice,

it can be different tips, some might seek other help, and may benefit you in certain ways for your personal life style.

FIrst taking tips frim other people may help you through out life and may help you learn a different style. For instance, when playing basketball you might have to take some tips from your coach. When on certain plays if your running the play and its not benfiting your team you can ask for a better way to make the play succesful. And may be a way you be able to become a pro at that style of coaching you have got taught.

Second another reason people talk to more than one person is cause you might learn a different way. For example like you might be asking visual person how to explain something and they can't cause they learn by someone showing, them how to do it and you learn by somebody telling you or explaining how to do that particular thing.

Or they might know have taken the course you took in high school or college or may be talented in that work of field, or sport, job etc.

Last but not least personal life style is very important for you at a young age to learn a little bit about the changes, you that he or she might go though and you may need to talk to your mom or dad about when it is the right time or bring it up if yall on that topic. Maybe be about how to find a good house and the connection to people that your parents know that help get an deal on your first car, furniture, clothes, bills, and other personal questions you might .

However the might be good reason and all but not all you will most people might know ho to do this teach they self and some of us are independent im not saying its bad to be dependent on some things but you don't people to use you get you in trouble or can get in some mess with the law. And it will mess yo up expesically if you do sports if you get to big league like the Nba, Nfl,Mlb,Fifa you can get suspended sued have to pay a fine if you do something may get in trouble for smoking or being in some drive by dont just hang around people that gonna miss lead you hang around the people that's gonna lead yo in the right way .

My Conclusion is that it is helpful for asking for different people opinion but don't get the wrong perspective on certain things like if he or she needs to know about there bidy changes then ask your parents, or if you want to know about a certain thing abiut the field you then ask a friend you can trust or a family member you can trust about that particular thing you want to do,

or a coach about certain way sto get better at what your set your goal to get there and that my conclusion sincerely eric  