Using technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is just wrong. People are already feeling like they are being watched through their technology as is, and this would only validate that we don't have any privacy.

Technology just keeps growing and getting more advanced. We have robots that can cook, and cars that can drive themselves. While all of this can make our lives easier, you have to wonder where what these robots see goes. Today, there is a huge issue of privacy from the government. Almost all of our devices have cameras in them now, and we might not be the only ones who can see through them. With this facial expression recognition, it would only prove that we are being watched. I'm sure that some, if not all of the computers data gets observed by a human at some point, which means that you don't really know who is watching your every move.

Not only is this technology a threat to just your personal privacy, it could end up being a threat to your life. If someone has access to see through your computer, who knows what else they can access. So much of our lives are put on our computers with us trusting that noting will happen to that information. The article says that the technology can react to your face when you see certain ads on websites, which means that they are most likely able to see what is on the screen. Say you are logged into your bank account and switch over to another website that has an ad on it, while your bank tab is still open. Someone may be able to see that bank account information and rob you of your money. This example can be applied to many other things as well, like your credit card infomation if you buy anything online, or social sercurity number. At any time i'm sure this technology could also pinpoint your exact location, and if that gets put into the wrong hands by chance, yous ands your friends and families could potentially be in danger from an in-home robbery, or even possibly a murderer. Even in classrooms, the school's information could be hacked and threatened, so is it really even worth the risk?

I can see the positive side of this technology. The artuicle talks about how it can react and change ads based on your face, and even modify lesson plans for children in school, but unfortunatley the bad outweighs the good. There is too much of a risk of what can be seen, and who has access to that information, even if it is used in classrooms to help students.