Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during the break. Although having students design summer projects sounds like a good idea, teachers should design them because of their great knowledge and experience.

Teachers will always have more experience than students due to schooling, teaching, and past experiences as well. Experience is key to have while making the project because it will make the project more understandable for the student, rather than making it more difficult. If a student is given a project, and he or she doesn't comprehend what it is about, there is a very high chance that the student might not do it all, especially in the summer. Experience can also be helpful in this situation to set the expectation of how good the teachers want the project to be overall. Teachers also have to know what the student is capable and what the student is not capable of doing to make it possible for them. If a teacher was to give a normal tenth grade english student a twelfth grade AP course project that is college level, the probability of that student understanding it will be very slim.

The knowledge a teacher must have has to be enormous. The reason I say this is because students will always have questions about certain things, and teachers have to be able to answer them in an intelligent manner and put it in terms that the student will understand. Another reason why knowledge is important is it to create the project itself. Teachers must have the knowledge to create an assignment that is set to the standard of the class, has the sufficient workload and criteria for the student to comprehend, and the sufficient time for the assignment to be completed.

In conclusion, a student should be able to do an assignment with no problems whatsoever. A teacher would surpass the student in making an assignment for students. A student would make a decent assignment due to the lack of knowledge and experience, and teachers have a tremendous amount of those two qualities that makes them who they are.               