A large percentage of people ask several other people for advice before making a choice but why is that? Getting advice from others can be extremely helpful when it comes to making a tough decision, especially if you don't know the pros and cons of your options. It isn't uncommon for people to ask for a second opinion or to seek help from more than one source but should you really bother with the extra effort when you could just ask one person who gives good advice? While getting advice from a single person can be good in a more basic situation I believe that getting advice from more than one person is almost always better. I think that asking a group of people for advice is beneficial because it gives you new points of view, lowers the level of bias, and can give you new information.

First of all, asking multiple people can give you several new points of view. Whether you're in a situation you know a lot or a little about, asking for several people's advice can make you think about think about it in a whole new way. For example, you could have an extremely hard time completing your math homework and ask your teacher for advice, then gain a little better understanding of how to complete the problems. If you then ask another person about how they complete the problems you may learn even more about the problems, and gain an even better understanding of how they work causing you to perform better than you would have otherwise. This is one of the reasons why I believe you should ask multiple people for advice.

Secondly, asking more than one person for advice can lower the amount of bias you hear. For example, let's say that you are buying a pet and are thinking about getting a dog but aren't a hundred percent sure about if you want one, so you ask your friend if you should get one. If your friend doesn't like dogs then they may say that dogs are horrible pets and that you shouldn't get one so you change your mind and don't get one. If you instead ask a group of people then you can hear multiple opinions which usually lowers the level of bias and gives you a general consensus instead. If you hear five people say that they believe dogs are good pets versus one person saying that they think dogs are bad pets then you can pretty safely assume that dogs are at least OK as pets. This is another reason why I believe it's beneficial to hear more than one person's opinion.

Finally, asking several people for advice can teach you lots of new information. If you get advice from several people then you can learn new skills or find an even easier way to do things. For example, let's say you are taught a new way to do a math problem by one person, then get taught new information about how a particular area of the problem works by another person. You can then take the information you learned and apply it to the new way to do the problem and make it even easier, or even learn to do a new kind of problem. This is my final reason why I think that getting advice from multiple people is important.

I think that getting advice from multiple people is absolutely vital when it comes to making a good decision or finding an effective way to do something. I think this because when you ask multiple people you can get new points of view, deal with less bias than when you ask one person, and gain completely new knowledge about the situation. Like I mentioned earlier, I do believe that for consulting with multiple people isn't necessary for simpler problems, but can still be helpful if you really want the extra opinions. I personally prefer to hear several opinions before I make a decent amount of my decisions. Why do you think hearing multiple opinions is important? 