There has been a point in everyone's life where you've been stuck on a decision no matter how big or small it was. Everyone tries to solve and make decisions on their own, but what no one realizes is that by getting other peoples opinions, it can help you make better choices. You understand how others feel about the situation, you figure out different ways to approach new situations,and it opens up your mind to think about all the other choices that you have.

When you talk to others and understand how they feel about the situation, it can put your choice in a really good or bad position. You may not be thinking what others are thinking or have information that other people have. That information can help you make your decision better. For example, theres always that one kid that asks you if you have food and you get annoyed because you want to eat your own food, so you go and talk to about her to your friend. Your friend tells you that she lives with 4 siblings and one mom. Her mom works 3 jobs to keep her family healthy and safe. You start to feel bad and start offering her food from then. You didn't know that about her and now you feel terrible for talking about her. You could've prevented the situation by telling her how you felt and she maybe would've opened up to you. Its good to take advantage of the fact that humans are so well at communicating, we should use it more.

Talking to others helps you approach situations differently. This can even help you throughout your entire life. By experiencing these points in your life, it gives you the chance to learn off of the situation and make your decision making easier. It gives you something else to look back at so that one day you can feel confident enough to make all these decisions on your own. You also learn how to approach the person if the problem is involving a person. This will help with your communication skills as well.

When you get others opinions it opens up your mind to all the possible options you have. Their opinions help you get your mind thinking and as people, we are built to solve the problems that life gives us. Other people may have more experience than you in some places and some may have even experienced this themselves. When I first started middle school I had no idea what I wanted to do or where to go, so I went to my brother for help. He went to GEneric_School all 6 years and experienced middle school. He gave me comfort while I made my decision about my electives. He told me what he did when he first got to middle school and which teachers helped him the most. This helped me a lot knowing as much as I could going into 7th grade. If I didnt talk to him I wouldn't have been so easy to adapt into the new school.

By getting other peoples opinions in can help you make better choices because you understand what others feel, you learn how to approach new situations ,and it opens up your mind to all the possible options. So next time you hit a rock in the road, get others opinions to help you out. 