In discussion about summer projects many people argue that students should be able to design their own projects. As a result students will enjoy working on something they like for example the students might select topics such as sports, gaming, and fashion. On the other hand if students create their own projects, the projects might not be challenging for them. Students who create these assignments would prefer things their familiar with. this will not expand their knowledge and wisdom; therefore, the project should be teacher-designed so the students can achieve an higher level of education.

although student would benefit greatly form the higher level of knowledge, summer projects might not be a good option for the students. As a result they may complain and grieve, saying things like "why can't we make our own project" or "why are the teachers designing the project". However, this isn't always the case because some students may prefer the challenge while others may not, but this is only a small percentage. Students who accept the challenge are shown to have more success over the ones that don't. so student should be able to choose there own project because it will allow them succeed.

while having freedom of choose can be a great thing, having more knowledge is better. knowledge can impact your future and the things you plan on doing; for example, when you get interviewed in job they can ask things like: what kinds of college you attended, what kind of degree you received, or what kind of GPA you got in college. if you don't have the right amount of knowledge you won't be able to answer those question. so it is safe to say that knowledge is vital in this world and it can lead one to improve, not only them self but others.

even though summer projects are something to have fun with, it should never be taken lightly. i believe the responsibility of the project should be given to the teachers and they should give challenging project so the student can learn and be engaged; however, if the project is too difficult the student will complain and therefore, not do the project. the purpose of the summer projects is to gain knowledge and bring together process of teaching and learning so that we can be successful in life.         