"Oh come on!" groans one of the students. All of the students have just been told that joining an extracurricular is now required. They are all upset now, but little do they know that they will be eternally grateful for it in the future. Making extracurricular activities required was a great decision. Students will have a beneficial learning experience, a better school experience, and gain guidance that can help them in the future.

Joining an extracurricular gives you a great learning experience. One of the benefits is new knowledge. Extracurricular activities teach you things that you would not learn in class, and that can be useful later. Some people argue that students will not have time for an extracurricular activity to be added to their schedule. However, classes can be adjusted so students have time for the activity if that is really the case. In most cases, students need better time management. They can learn this as they will need to be able to balance their schoolwork, their extracurricular, and anything else they may need to do regularly. Students will learn to manage their time wisely as a result of the added extracurricular, which is another benefit they will receive. Being apart of an extracurricular can also improve students' social skills. It gives you the opportunity to learn how to work responsibly and productively with others. Extracurricular activities give you new knowledge, time management skills, and social skills, which makes being apart of one a great learning experience.

Extracurricular activities can give you a better school experience. Extracurricular activities can make students happier and give them a good memory of school. Being apart of club they enjoy gives them something to look forward to. They can also help students step out of their comfort zone. Being required to take an extracurricular encourages them to try something they might not have tried otherwise. Joining an extracurricular can also help students meet new people as well. They can become friends with peers who share the same interests as them. Extracurricular activities can make school a place that students look forward to going to.

Extracurricular activities benefit students in ways that will help them in the future greatly. These activities can help students find out their interests. When they join different types of extracurricular activities,

they can figure out what they enjoy doing, and what they are not interested in. This can lead to them finding their career path. By trying new things, they can find out what they are passionate about. Having tried different things and learned about them can also make a student stand out. If students continue to be apart of extracurricular activities in high school, it will help them get noticed by colleges. Extracurricular activities impact its students' futures for the better.

Making extracurricular activities required will positively influence students in many ways. They will help teach students skills that can help them for a lifetime. They will also give the students a more positive experience at school, and a better view of it. Lastly, extracurricular activities give them even more benefits that can help them in their near future. If students do not participate in extracurricular activities, so much talent and opportunities they could have had will go to complete waste.