The author has great passion for this topic but has not accomplished on supporting the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danges. The author has many points on how others are trying to solve the problems on how to explore Venus but does not explain why the risk is worthy of exicuting. "Therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risk." This quote states that scientist need to take a risk but does not give a reason why the risk is neccesary. This is not the only way the author did not accomplish on supporting the idea.

The author explains the history of Venus and its properties but that does not help support the idea. "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." This quote explains how the risk of exploring and studying Venus was lower "long ago" but does not explain or supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit. This is not the only way the author does not support the idea successfully.

As a question can be the upbringing or curosity and reasoning, the author seems to not give a response to the question on supporting the idea. "The value of returning to Venuse seems indisputable, but what are the options of making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive?" The athour questions possible options on how to get both saftey and productivity, but does not question the risks and possible dangers of exploring Venus. As the passage continues the author only explains the options and possible ways on exicuting the idea but does not include the risks that the options hold.

As the passage is very informative and holds great information, the author supports very poorly the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. The author explains solutions that are a possobility but does not include the risks of the idea. The author also informs the audience about the history of Venus but boes not help on supporting the idea of studying Venus. The author unfortuntly, poorly supported the idea that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers.