Schools have been the grounds for most of the learning children have gone through. Schools provide classes that advance the education of their students, ultimately leaving them in the real world to find jobs and succeed. There are some children with certain circumstances that can attend school, and have to stay in a protected environment, isolated from the outside world for the better of them, or the people that are around. These children should have a chance to embrace the same teachings as the children in school to help the children that have medical conditions that keep them from being able to leave their safe heaven, to ensure that the children that are getting bullied that they can learn from home without dreading school, and it elevates the learning that can come from the term home schooling.

Some children suffer from medical conditions like cancer, or depression that keeps them away from schools to protect themselves and the people that circulate their lives. Distant learning will build a bridge to the possibility that they can learn without having to leave what they can't to go to a place that can put them in danger. For example a child with depression might stay at home or in a hospital to get help, or to hide from the triggers that the world gives them. The distant learning will help the child be able to stay wherever they are safe, and they would still have the same advantages as the other students. Another example might be that a child either has to stay at home because an allergy they have will endanger them if they go out of the house, or they might not be able to leave the hospital since they have a disability or disease that prevents any possible way of discharging them to go to school. Video conferences and online learning will bring the school to them, and let them have the possibility that when they recover they won't have to be held back to learn what they should have learned in their time of recovery. The online learning can also reassure kids with the fear of going to school can learn without exploiting the fear.

There are some children that we might all know that is getting bullied in school, whatever the type it is, the bullying might scare them into wanting to go into seclusion, trying to find a way to hide themselves so the real world does not see the ugliness they are told they have. With the process of distant learning the children will be able to live their life with joy and blissfulness without having to worry about someone trying to knock them down for petty reasons. With a more serious topic there are people who can be scared of schools, not the building itself, but the people it holds, and hierarchy that presents itself. Being able to be at school online eases the worries of these children and/or parents of letting the child learn with a real class, without the hassle of having to face the fear itself. It can also be used as a coping mechanism for people who have been apart of accidents that happen in schools, like fires that went south, or school shootings, which are awful situations, but they do happen and this could be the savior for those schools. There are some parents who would rather keep their children at home and teach them, which is plausible, but the idea of distant learning can create a new type of homeschooling.

The idea of homeschooling in the perspective of the public can go either good or bad. Homeschooling could help parents or children that don't want to go to school a helpful tool to still let the child learn as much as anyone else, or it can be thought as not wanting to give the child an opportunity to learn with the rest of the kids, secluding them from their society and not letting them make connections. The thought of online learning to these parents can elevate home school learning, giving the kids a chance to learn as much as their society gets, and to make connections with other students when they work together. The opportunity to give a child whose parents won't let them go to school, or it was a decision made willingly will create paths for these families. Later on in the future if they are able to go to college, the online learning from home will erase the line between what colleges see as the learning someone retains in school, versus the learning a child gets with homeschooling. The process will eliminate the action parents have to take to either learn the knowledge to become a teacher for their child, or if they are teachers, they would do their job, then come home to teach their child as well. In the end the online video conferences will ease the parents into knowing their child has the best opportunity they have, and they don't have to leave home. This would also eradicate the prejudice that has been made of homeschooling. The online learning would be an amazing response to the cries of the silent voices.

Although some might assert that online learning could distract the child more than help them, The distant learning from school would ultimately benefit society with more children that are learning despite their situation that calls them to stay where they are. This would bring together the different learning styles that have been made due to certain circumstances, and bring a whole new concept of teaching that brings joy and clarity to the minds of all. No more will people have to carry a burden of either not being able to attend school, nor the burden that they did not have the same opportunities as the society that revolves around them.