"Aw man, I don't know what to do" moaned Generic_Name. it seems that Generic_Name is trying to make a choice in the candy store on which candy he wants to buy. "should I buy the super chocolate deluxe for $10.00 or the mini boys for $2.00 each." asked Generic_Name. "I don't know why you so stumped on what chocolate you want to buy. Just get both." Generic_Name responded. "Thank you for your opinion. ill ask Generic_Name." said Generic_Name "Hey Generic_Name! which one do you prefer to buy? asked Generic_Name. "I think if you buy 5 mini boys because there will be more chocolate that the super deluxe." Generic_Name responded. "Yeah, you are right" that's what i will do." said Generic_Name, " i'll buy 5 mini boys, please. "OK, that will be $11.45." responded the cashier. The kids left the store happy and Generic_Name got to eat lots of candy. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can help you spend your money wisely, they can also help effect someones life, and multiple opinions can make a person step out of their comfort zone.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can help you spend money wisely. First, if you want to buy something that will make you money, but you don't know what to buy then ask for opinions on what is popular. For example Caleb Madix, one of the youngest and most successful entrepreneurs, invested on what is most popular now and his one trick is that he asks for advice and opinions. Secondly having others opinions on money spending can make not to spend as much money as you wanted to spend. Another example is that My friend and I went shopping the other day, and I wanted to buy something very expensive, but my friend said that it was not worth and told me to buy something cheaper so i can buy more things. Finally when you make money and receive more money people always ask if it is a good idea to spend it right away. For example, usually when my Dad receives his paycheck he puts some money in a box that says savings, then in another box labeled bills, and all of the money that he did not put in the box he puts it in his wallet and he uses the money to spend. so whenever i ask if i can spend some of my money he says to save it. In conclusion, Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can help you spend money wisely.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can have an effect in someones life. First, people can get opinions on what to eat every day. For example if someone just chooses to eat fast food every day then that person can be sick, but if someone tells him/her to eat healthier food then it can probably effect someones life. secondly, it can have an effect on one's social life like to hang out with people. For instance someone can recommend to become friends with someone that they usually don't hang out with. Finally, they can help you decide where to go on a vacation. For example someone who has went somewhere can tell you how it was like on his/hers vacation and can help you decide if you want to go there or not. in conclusion, Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can have an effect in someones life.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can help people step out of their comfort zone. First people can help you get over your fears by convincing you to get face you fears. For example I was and still am afraid of Roller coasters but my friends convinced me i am safe and nothing can go wrong. Next someones opinion can encourage you to do something you like to do but you are to shy to do it. For instance My friend loves to play instruments and he wants to perform but he is scared to, but we encouraged him and make him join the talent show. Lastly, Someones opinion can help someone lonely make more friends. for example John, a classmate of mine, is always lonely and I am usually very shy and my friends told me to introduce myself to him. In conclusion. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can help people step out of their comfort zone.

"Hey Generic_Name that was fun, thanks for making me go over my fear of roller coasters." said Generic_Name. "I'm happy to help you. said Generic_Name. do you want to go on one more ride before we leave? "Yes but can we stop by to eat something, I am starving."asked Generic_Name. "OK, Lets also pass by the git shop because I want to get something for my mom." replied Generic_Name. "alright, this is the Best Day Ever!" Yelled Generic_Name. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can help you spend your money wisely, they can also help effect someones life, and multiple opinions can make a person step out of their comfort zone.