Extracurricular activities help prepare students for the real world, which is one of the major reasons students attend school. It should be mandatory for students to participate in extracurricular activities, because it would teach students time management, which is a life-skill needed in the real world. It also helps students discover their interests, and would encouraged young scholar to socialize with peers, who share common interests.

Firstly, extracurricular activities cause students to manage their time better. Students may have to balance their time between their social lives, extracurricular activities, the time they spend with family, school work, etc. Time management is essential for a successful live. For example, an individual is very intelligent, however, he/she starts their homework at a late hour, and does not have time to study for their mid-terms. As a result, that individual is very tired in the morning, and does not do as well as he/she could of on the test. Extracurricular activities would force students to manage their time better, by adding an extra layer of responsibility.

In addition, extracurricular activities would encourage students to socialize with peers that share common interest. With a large amount of stress that is put on young scholars, it is important for them to talk with individuals who are in the same position. Extracurricular actives would allow students to obtain that opportunity. Nevertheless, students can also learn from others, such as, their peers, mentors, and teachers. For example, an individual may be interested in sports. He/she has the opportunity to communicate with peers that also enjoy sports.

Furthermore, extracurricular activities aid students in discovering interests. For example, a young scholar participates in the school newspaper, that student may be interested in a profession where writing is involved, or maybe a student joins the school debate team, that student may enjoy a career in law. It is important for students to have an option when it comes to hobbies or interests, in order to be more successful. Extracurricular activities would provide that option. Extracurricular activities make it easier for students to find what they enjoy the most. This is an extremely important factor of school. A student may believe they enjoy a certain class, but when they join the class, they realize it is not for them. Extracurricular activities provide many doorways, in which students can enter or exit whenever they want.

In conclusion, making extracurricular activities mandatory would force students to manage their time better, expose students to peers that share common interests, and help young scholars discover their interests. Extracurricular activities are a part of the school experience, so students should jump on the bandwagon and discover what they enjoy.        