In May, 1976, Mars became the center for many conspiracy theories and research for alien life. A picture of what seems to be a huge head in a rock formation was unveiled, and immediately started to sway people's minds that there might be alien life on Mars. Some took this belief way too far. However many conspiracy theories are claiming that the martian mesa in Cydonia is a sign of alien life, none of them are correct. In all truth, it is just another naural land formation on the desolate planet.

When a picture of the mesa was first unveiled to the public, it made so many people believe it was a sign of life on Mars. NASA claimed that is was just a normal rock formation, and was confirmed in 2001 when they took another picture with newer technology, revealing a big mesa with a few craters. People still don't believe NASA that it is just a crater. If the mesa was a sign of alien life, NASA would benefit greatly from it. So when people say that it's a sign of life and NASA knows about it, that's so incredibly wrong because if it was, NASA would be there right now with a rover, exploring the strange sign. NASA has done extensive research on this, and have found no life, while people are claiming huge things like this without doing any research, so it is very hard for anyone to believe them.

The next photo, taken in 1998, of the mesa reveals nothing but a natural landform. When the picture was taken, there were some wispy clouds over the top of it, which made some people believe alien markings were hidden by haze. Even though there is a slight haze over the mesa, there is no way a slight haze could hide alien markings the way some people belive. Even with the haze, the picture is still much more clear than the original photo from 1976.

The newest, and most clear picture is from 2001. It was a cloudless day this time when the Mars Global Surveyor passed over the mesa and snapped a picture of it. The picure was taken using the highest resolution in the camera's capability. This type of quality photography allowed for us, back on Earth, to be able to see if there were even smaller objects on the mesa, like airplanes or small shacks The picture revealed, once again, that there is not really a face on the mesa on Mars. The conspiracy theorists are still coming up with ways to try and find a way to make NASA seem like liars. After 25 years, it still didn't work.

After 25 years, and 3 picture all concluding that the mesa has no sings of life, people are still talking about crazy ideas of life outside of Earth. While there is a possibility of life outside of Earth, there is definitely none currently on the mesa that has created so much controversy, for such a long period of time all around the world.                