Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by online classes or video conferencing. Some say this will be a good idea, because it will benefit the students in the long run for having to take classes at home. That may be the case, but it is not, being home schooled will put student's socializing skills at risk and they will also not get the full experience of what it is like of being a student.

Majority of the students already have a problem in their social skills, and putting them in a situation where it will decrease their socialization activity will not help a student at all. Being at school gets you out your comfort zone. The activities that the students do, whether if it is a group work or a project, will help a student socializing skills get better. It forces them to interact with other individuals, and associate with them. Students associating with other individuals often leads to them meeting new people and actually getting to know them and in doing so, improves their social skills.

Going to school gives student a plethora of experience that a student will not be able to do at home. The feel of being able to go to your own school dances and having a good time or even rooting for your own school team to win at a sport event against your rival school. There is also all the activities students can do such as, joining a club, taking elective classes, such as, JROTC, and other classes students can only take in school that will benefit them in the long run after the life of being a student. These are the experience that only a student can really feel of what it is like to be an actual student in school.

Students not being home schooled will benefit more than taking distance learning, because it betters a student social skills and the ability of them socialize to one another and the experiences that the student develops and the classes they take that can only be taken in school will benefit them even after the life of being a student.