I do not agree with with the principal. The students in the school shouldn't have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. They shouldn't be pressured to participate in a school activity because they should be more worried about their grades staying up and not dropping, if they are trying to play a school sport, some parents might not have the time to pick their children up, if the activity is after school, and the students could feel uncomfortable participating in an activity that they don't feel comfortable doing.

The students should really be more worried about their grades staying up, most definitely, if the student school activity is a sport. They could be struggling a lot in school, but they wouldn't be able to play the sport, if they have low grades. They could be able to play to the sport, if they can maintain having good grades and keeping them up. The students should actually be able to play the sport, and keep their grades up at the same times.

Some parents might not be able to pick their kids up from school, if it is an after school activity. Parents work a lot, so it's hard for them to leave work, and then be able to stop by the school and pick their children up from school on time. You never know what the students and parents could be going through at home, and it could be the reason why their parents wont be able to pick their kids up from school and why kids don't have a ride. The situation going on could be very personal, so they shouldn't be focused on finding a ride home just for an after school activity.

The students could feel very uncomfortable participating in an activity that they do not feel comfortable doing. They could be getting pressured to do better in a sport they don't really enjoy. They also could be getting bullied for not being good enough, but the still have to participate in the sport, because the have to participate in at least one school activity.

It's a lot more reason why I could disagree with students having to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I chose to write my top reason down because these reason could affect students in a bad way. The students having to worry about keeping their grades up, finding a ride home after school, and feeling uncomfortable are not ways that students should be feeling just because they are being pressured to participate in a extracurricular activity.      