Dear Senator,

I believe that people like Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Bob Dole were all right in saying the electoral college should be abolished. I have two simple reasons for this. One being that it is not a 100% way to elect a entire nations leader for four years. The other reason being that 60% of people don't even want it.

First off, the process of the elcetoral college isn't always accurate. For example, in 2000, Al Gore ran for office against George W. Bush. During this election, Al Gore won the votes of the people, but lost in electoral votes, giving the presidency to George. Since we all know how his presidency turned out, we wonder how Gore would've handled things. Voters cannot always control who their electors vote for, which means if an elector is chosen to vote for Billy Joe, he might just decide, when it becomes time, to vote for Jimmy Washington. This would leave voters of that candidate upset, so maybe they too will understand this flawed system. Another reason we need to abolish the electoral college is something we like to call the disaster factor. This is nothing compared to what happened in 2000; the system allows for much worse. Consider that a states legislature is technically responsible for picking said states electors. Also consider that said elector could always defy the will of the people. In 1960, the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing democratic electors with new ones who would oppose John F. Kennedy. In the same vein, electors without faith, have occasionally refused to vote for their party's canidate and cast their vote for whomever they please. Ask yourself Senator, if this were to happen again, would you do what is right and try to dispose of this system? I hope so.

In reference to my second point, do you realize that (According to a Gallup poll) 60% of our people don't even want this system. The way I see it, if i asked three people if I should buy a new car or a used car, and two out of the three say I should buy a used one, I'm not going to go buy a new car despite them. This is the same with the electoral college. We shouldn't be forcing this corrupt way of decididng this nations leader for the next four years, down their throat. This nation is based on beliefs that include the peoples right to have a say in how this nation is goverened. It's so simple, a majority of the people are against the electoral college, so it needs to go. If you, like 60% of the United States agree with my points and views on the electoral college, then you need to do what you can with your authority, to put a stop to it.

All in all, I have strong beliefs, like most Americans, that the electoral college is a corrupt way of giving this great nation to somebody who people think don't deserve it. Based on my emphasis of these two reasons that this failing system needs to go, I think you , Senator, need to put all your power into the downfall of it.    