Over time, traditional schooling has evolved drastically. The standard one room school houses that were once prevalent in the 1900's, have now turned into massive buildings, often having more than one floor and schooling up to 1,000 students a year. Due to the many ways education has evolved, it is important to be able to accommodate the needs of various students. With new advancements in technology, many options are now available for students who are unable attend school due to their circumstances. Programs such as Google Classroom and Vision make online learning easier and accessible for both students and teachers. All schools should offer some form of distance learning because of the benefits of ease of access, self paced learning, and learning how to become independent.

Famous teenagers are known to benefit significantly from distance learning. Many of these teenagers are often traveling to different countries and various events, so traditional school timings are not acquirable. Due to the introduction of using technology to learn from home,

famous teenagers as well as other students no all have access to an education no matter where they are. The same goes for students who live in completely rural farming towns with schools that require most a 30 minute commute. Depending on where a person might live, the school closest to them can be as far as 10 miles away or more. These students are able to benefit from taking classes at home because they are more easily accessible, in turn enticing the students to attend online conferences and finish school. The major benefits of this would be the students having access to learn from the comfort of their homes despite any hardships that deter them from attending school.

Learning from home also allows a student to learn at their own pace. In traditional school setting theres a 90 minute interval of learning subject and then switching classes to learn subject. This limits a student from being able to spend time in class to learn material. Having classes that a student could attend form home would allow the students to keep their classes self paced . Say that a student is feeling bombarded with work after having 4 classes within 8 hours a day in a traditional school setting. Offering classes through distance learning would allow the student to decide when to take which class as well as how much time to spend on the subject. Without allotted times and restrictions just like traditional school offers, the amount of time spent on learning material will help the students encode the information and retain it more easily and effectively. Attending classes at home also allows the student to adjust their schedules accordingly. Whereas most high schoolers go to school from 9:15am -4:03pm, and then arrive to their jobs at 5 pm, working late into the evening, having classes at home can eliminate having less time do homework, sleep, and extracurricular. A student who is taking classes at home might prefer to go to work early in the morning and start their classes around 3 pm and spend more time on a certain subject. Allowing students to attend classes from home gives them the ability to chose their own work paces as well as accommodate to their own learning styles.

Students learning from classes online and at their own paces would be benefit greatly by learning how to become independent and self efficient. The traditional school setting motivates you to get assignments turned in due to deadlines and learn due to emphasis from teachers and their peers. Taking classes from home can either cause a student to become extremely disorganized and lazy, or learn how to effective rely on themselves to manage time wisely and get tasks done like mature young adult. Allowing for students to take part in learning from home through online classes will keep them in charge and accountable for their education. It will also work to prepare them for the next phase in life, college. Since more academic freedom is given in college, learning how to balance time wisely through taking classes at home, will help better prepare students for the future. Distance learning will prompt students to come up with schedules catered to their needs and wants in order to work towards earning good grades and accomplishing tasks.

There are numerous benefits to introducing distance learning for students in traditional schools. Being able to take classes at home willl allow many schools to accomodate to the various needs of their students. Many students will be able to enhance their learning through working on course material at home and becoming more independent in their lives. Students will also be able to take classes wherever and whenever needed, encouraging all students to finish school. Thanks to the advancements in technology and teaching methods, having classes accessible at home on and off campus allow for students to easily participate in school, learn how to take control of their learning, and prepare for the future. 