Dear State Senator

I think the Electoral College should stay, because even if its "indefensible", "Corupt", "Despised" the Electoral College has its outcomes; Big States, Run-Offs and Presidential desputes. Its a process, Are own founding fathers who where enlightment thinkers, who thought more then what was written on the script. They thought outside the box, they wanted to know the "why" and how it will affect and how to bring this nation to its highest. Placing it in the constitution, knowing this method will do justice on future on elections. Its one of the best laid method in the world and removing it will just misbalance everything.

In the United States, each states has a majority and manority. Where people consist the most is by the coast, west and east. Its in are human nature, its been around for ages that humans live more on coastal or river areas. Any area where it consist of water,Harbor and trading routes. They recieve the most of products around the world, and maintain abondens of humans. So the bigger states are California, Florida, NY, Virgina, Texas and etc. The electoral votes restores the balance. In campaigns propaganda is used alot. Comercials, ads, anything they can publish themsleves to show and persaude the people in allections. Largers states gets more attention from preseidential candidates then smaller states. Smaller states in the middle of the U.S consist of small polpulations so with electoral votes the weight using the population (census) lose by the virtue of mal-Appointment of the senate. Its all about propaganda that presidential campaigners use to get the big states attention cuase that where the points are at.

Electoral College avoids problem with run-offs in which no candidate recieves a majority vote cast, which is the popular vote. Presidential desputes accur when a campiegner manepulates the people with spitting out promises in Propaganda ads, winning the popular vote. But with electoral college, you have a second chance to look closely on whats happening. With electoral college and electing a president you need a system.  If the majority of the states and senate are republican and the president is a democrate the two partys arnt gonna agree on anything. Desputes will accure and in 4 years the country will accomplish nothing. With electoral college theres a balance of votes, each states gets there political party they voted on and it evens out when the day comes. Voting is important cuase your choosing whos gonna lead your country for the next four years and electoral college opens up many doors that will help you analysis better in whats accuring and your setting up your country system.

The electoral college may have its problem buts a system that will carry out the nation longer without many torubles then without it.  Are founding fathers knew what they where doing, they thought big the U.S and look where the U.S is now. One of the strongest nation in the world, thanks to the system they created and left us.

Sincerly Viewer                    