Dear Floridian Senator:

It has been suggested by others, even b y vario u s presidents, but I sha ll say it too: I belive that the Elector College sh ould be elim i na t ed from the process of voting for the president of the United States. The election should be based on popular vote by the citizens of the United States. The reasons  for this include the disaster factor and the prospect of a tie in the Electoral College can cause even more problems.

The Electoral College consits of 538 electors and a majority of 270 votes are required for a president to be selected. When people vote for president they are actually voting for the state's electors who vote for the president in the Electoral College. Most states have the "winner-take-all" system where all the electoral votes go to the winning canidate of the state.

The first arguement against the Electoral College is what is called the disaster factor. The state legislatures are technically responsible for picking the electors for the Electoral College. The disaster factor is when the unpopular canidate wins the election because of electors that aren't faithful to what they say and whom they say they will vote for. These unfaithful electors cast a deciding vote for whomever they please. Also, a state could send in two slates of electors to Congress, making the election more unfair.

If there is a tie in the electoral vote, then the election is thrown to the House of Representatives. This means that each state then only gets one vote. By way of this, one vote for Wyoming has the same weight in the election as one vote from California where the number of people is 50,000 people in Wyoming to the 35 million in California. The fact that so many of these people go unaccounted for reflects that this election may not be the will of the people.

To summarize, the Electoral College needs to be eliminated for the process of electing the president because it is out-dated, there is a large disaster factor, and the fact that if there is a tie the vote become unfair--moreso than it already is. Thank you for your time and consideration.

A concerned citizen,

PROPER_NAME

Post-Script: to the Floridian governemental people that made me take this abismal excuse of a test, you suck. Thank you for wasting my--and everyone else's--time.    