Have you ever imagined allowing students design their own summer projects? Would allowing them be beneficial to their learning? Many strongly believe that if students were to design their own assignments it would give them more motivation, but if anything it is not educationally helping them. Summer projects should be teacher-designed because students would not actually do their assignments, the teachers know exactly what they want their students to learn during the summer, and it's an efficient way for teachers to prepare their students for the upcoming school year.

Many students always have a way of getting their teachers to allow them come up with class assignments but that is not always the best thing to do. If it is up to them to create what they need for the summer, they will not be productive. They can create something that they think is so much fun compared to the things their teacher gives them, but it could be something completely different to the subject their work should be about. All teachers know what every single one of their students need to improve on; they create assignments based on certain subjects an individual or the whole class needs help on, so that it does not become a huge issue when entering the following school year. I mean don't get me wrong, teachers understand that the work they hand out to their students can't always be boring and when it is time to create the students assignments they should include some interesting activities for them to accomplish. Perhaps allowing them to create summer work is in some ways practically, but it is a distraction in the sense of it could take them all summer to settle down on a project they want and if that was the case then they would have wasted their whole summer of learning in just thinking about a project they want rather than simply just getting their work from their teachers. Certain people do have their own opinions, but what we always need to do is put our students education first.

This should be viewed as a great opportunity teachers have for preparing their students for the upcoming school year. A strong number of people whether it's parents, teachers from different schools, or just friends don't believe that giving their kids summer work does prepare them for the next school year. In my past summers I remember that there wasn't a time where i did not have some sort of assignments to work on and I remember I always understood the first few subjects we were learned and that was because all the assignments I worked on actually helped me when school started. Many of my friends always tell me how one simple assignment did so much for them. I would always be lost and understand the new material from the very beginning. One simple project, work book, or even a packet of a certain subject can take a student so far, allowing students to feel more at ease and also allowing them to get amazing grades from the first few weeks of school. More so, it is a beneficial way to have more students succeed when testing time roles around at the end of the year. There has been a great amount of students who do strongly agree with summer projects being teacher-designed simply because they realize how remarkable the finishing results are.

When thinking of a subject like this a number of questions run through my head like, " Would the students or I truly create something so efficient to our learning just by instructions given to us from our teachers that try to explain what we need? ". Going back to the issue on students completely misinterpreting their expectations; not all kids can come up with an assignment that covers the details they need to work on. From personal experiences there has been multiple times where my teacher allowed us to make our own projects that should cover all our subject units, but I completely failed because i would think I was doing it all correct and when it came to the due date and test time I would fail. This is just an inefficient way, especially if you want your students to actually do great in your class. I mean it also makes it so much harder for the students to recover and catch up or having to bring up their grades. In the end it's all about assuring your students will be outstanding throughout the whole school year in everything they do.

Student-designed summer projects might have a nice sound to it, but a students future should be in consideration. All these summer assignments should be teacher-designed simply because students will not complete their tasks, all teachers know the work their students need to improve on, and it's an efficient way for teachers to prepare their students for the following school year, so that it does not hit them all at once. Students could go through a great amount of stress if it were up to them and that could all end in a horrendous way, which is why it is not a great idea to allow them to create their summer work.  