Do you believe distance learning is beneficial to students? Well, I believe distance learning is beneficial to students. Many people believe that distance learning is not a benefit to students because they think that students will learn better when being taught in school. I think distance learning is a benefit for students because it stops physical bully, Students will make better grades, Also students are less likely to drop out of school.

Firstly, I believe that distance learning is beneficial to students because it stops physical bullying. Bullying is a serious issue in schools. Also bullying causes other serious issues, For example, Fights and Suicides. Another example is my friend, He was once being bullied. He had start getting bullied the first week of the school year. The bully would step on my friends shoes and hit him in the back of the head. By the middle of the school year my friend had committed suicide. Events similar to this can be avoided with distance learning.

Secondly, Distance learning is beneficial to students because they will make better grades. With distance learning, students will be learning at home. With students learning at home they will be more comfortable and not have people around distracting them. If students are comfortable and have no distractions then they will focus and make better grades. studies show that someone who is relaxed can focus and learn better than someone who is stressed and nervous. With students making good grades they will have the chance to go to a good collage. And students who graduate from good collages usually get high paying jobs. That is how distance learning is a benefit for the students.

Lastly, Distance learning is beneficial to students because it will make them less likely to drop out of school. With distance learning students will have more freedom and less stress. Students will not have to worry about eating bad tasting food because they can eat at home. Students will not have to worry about being late to class. Which will make a student not mind school. With that being said, Students will not drop out of school. Which is a good thing for the students. Therefore distance learning is a benefit to the students.

So therefore, I believe that distance learning is a benefit to students. The reasons being is that it stops physical bullying, Students make better grades, And students are less likely to drop out of school.