School is a stressful place for teens nowadays. Having to look good, having the best hair, keeping up with friends, or just trying not to start trouble. With these things always plaguing the back of their minds students can hardly stay on task or get to work. But with modern technology there are now more options; using the internet online learning is possible just from staying at your own home. Doing this will reduce students being stressed out from being at school and help keep them focused. Having the option to take classes from home using online or video conferencing will be beneficial for students.

Teens always stress over the littlest of things, so if they were at a place where they are most comfortable it would help them stay calm. Most distractions in the classrooms come from students worrying about themselves wondering what the other students think about them. This takes away from their focus and keeps them occupied in their mind about something completely irrelevant and not about the class. Allowing them to stay at home and take classes from there, they don't need to worry about that since their is nobody to judge them.

Online classes have more usage than just getting rid of classroom distractions. It also provides a way for students to still be learning with issues in getting to school. Missing class is damaging to students learning and because unforeseen events can happen at random times, these problems are unavoidable. It could be weather, sickness, a problem within the school, or there being traffic delaying school buses and parents dropping off kids. With the usage of online classes however, it would help keep students learning even if their is a problem outside of their control.

Now, some people may say that because students are at home they can still get distracted from other things around them. This is a good point however, the benefits still out weigh the negatives. Students will always be distracted by something but being at home all they need to focus on is their work and not their peers around them. Mainly phones are a huge problem but with the help of parents or guardians they can keep their child away from distractions when it's time to work. Now that they are away from all of those problems they can completely stay on task with their work and complete it proficiently

Regular school should still be an option but allowing students to have the choice to choose online classes will help those who believe it would help them more. Even students who believed that simply going to school would help them more could still find benefits from using online classes. With the use of modern technology and the help of schools, online classes could just be the future of learning.