Nowadays students have a variety of ways to learn new things. It's mind blowing to see how much we've advanced in technology that now school is offered online. They're some downsides to this outcome though. It might not be as clear as you think. Although some may believe that attending classes from home is more beneficial because you can work at your own pace, actually it's better to physically go to school because you gain more human interaction skills and make friends.

Those who believe attending classes online is more beneficial have their reasons. Teachers can sometimes teach at a fast pace that some students can't keep up with. Teacher also have to teach a certain amount of information for students to take the end of the year exam, which cause them to rush through the material. This can make it hard for a student to understand the material. At home, students can work at their own pace without the worry that they'll be behind on their work.

On the other hand, it's more beneficial to physically go to school because it increases human interaction skills. Human interaction is an important thing in everybody's lives. Just about every job in the world requires this skill for someone to be successful in their career. I was told that no matter what job you get, you will have to talk, present, and lead people. I'm glad I can go to public school and learn the very thing that will help me in the future. Going to school allows you to build that skill through out the day going to classes, talking to teachers, and being around other classmates doing the same.

Also, physically going to school can make it easier to make friends. Making friends can be hard sometimes. Especially for people that are new and don't know anybody. I go to public school and i've created bonds with the people in my class that I believe will last a lifetime. They help me with anything I need from studying for a test to dealing with drama they're always there. I wouldn't have met them if I took all my classes online. I wouldn't have as many people to talk to if I did take online school.

In conclusion it is overall better and more beneficial for students to physical go to school because they will increase their human interaction skills and make friends. I know from experience what going to school can do for a student's life. I feel the results from going to school are more beneficial than staying home and taking them online. 