Do you seek multiple opinions when making a hard choice or decision? I feel it is important to discuss your options with several people before you stick to a decision. There are many times when I have made the wrong decision because I only talked to one person about my choice. Including when I joined the softball team after talking to only my mom. She thought that I would have a great time and learn a lot, but soon after practices started I learned that this was not the sport for me. Now, whenever I have a decision to make, big or small, I always take advice from more than one person.

When I ask for advice I enjoy talking to multiple people to get their perspective on my options. One example of this is when you are applying to colleges. One individual may tell you that a certain college was wonderful and that they had a great educational experience there, while another person may tell you that they hated that specific college and didn't learn anything while at it. Other examples include trying out for a new sport, taking music lessons, or how to study for an upcoming test. I think it is important to get and give useful advice.

When making a choice you don't always consider all of your options or alternatives, asking someone for their advice will help you when its time to make the decision. It will give you insight on how your choice will affect you and others around you. While it may be easy to get advice you also need to know how to give the best advice to someone in need of it. Your friends, family, teachers, and peers will give you advice, and get advice from you all throughout your life.

All people give you different advice due to their experience, opinions, education, and ability. I learned that when trying to make the best choice it is important to seek multiple opinions from a number of people. If you don't get advice from more than one person it may result in not picking the best choice or decision. When making a choice be sure to analyze all the advice given to you and take every aspect into consideration. Always seeking multiple opinions will help you make the best choices and decisions.