Not Using Phones while Driving

Throughout the years, teenagers have been eager to turn 16. Driving is a nerve wrecking and exciting experience at the same time. There is a good upside about driving and that would be being able to go out to places without having to pay and the time period you can stay out for is how long you desire. Even though there is a good side, there is a bad side as well. This would have to be the large amount of people that are not cautious around their surroundings and many lives have been taken away due to this. I would have to agree with the idea that says that phones should not be used while driving , my reasons for this are that peoples lives are taken away, a phone is a big distraction, and it is a law you have to follow.

My first reason on why phones should not be used while driving is because too many lives are taken everyday. Utilizing a phone while driving takes many lives every second of our daily lives. About 1.6 million lives a year end up in critical conditions or worse, dead. A phone call or text can wait, but being impatient can result in deaths. This impatiences creates danger to the person driving and everyone around them. Too many lives are taken by near accidents, crashes, distractions, and running of lights caused by usage of phones by operating moving vehicles. Many more lives could be safer if people chose to wait for their usage of phones after being off the road.

My second reason on why phones should not be used while driving is because, too many distractions are already on the road without adding a phone as another reason. Once again, using a phone while driving creates too many distractions for the driver and everyone around is left in danger. For example, phones can create delays on stop lights which can create simple accidents. The glare of a bright phone on a dark night can actually interfere with the sight of the driver and can cause loss of control or misguidance to swerving. As well as sudden loud sounds from a phone can actually scare or frighten a driver straight to a crash. Occuping phones while driving is one of the biggest reasons for caused crashes all over.

My third and final reason for not using phones while driving is because, a new law recently has been released on how using phones on the road is no longer permitted anymore. The new law was put in to ensure more safety due to all the distractions caused by phones. Since it is a new law, a new law means that it is expected to be followed, a new set out rule. It is for the safety of people and everyone surrounding. People will get punished if the new law is not followed and in my opinion, i would say that it is one of the greatest laws forced. The new law will minimize the amount of crashes caused by phones on the road all over and save many more lives and everyone around.

A phone should not ever be used while a person is driving for any type of situation, it can wait. My reasons, once again like i said before is that many lives are taken away, it is also a big distraction, and last would be that it is a new law. A phone is really entertaining and that is something people do not want behind the wheel because then it can become a distraction.

Through the whole essay all I could come to head would be about the peoples lives taken away left with a broken down family. Phones ultimately should not be used while driving and a person should not have to double think it, before they cause a new tragedy that will leave them with a lifetime of consequences and guilt.   