"What?! That's crazy talk!" Generic_Name screamed in shock as she walked away from Generic_Name. "I asked her for advice, It's unbelievable that she would even think I would do that," Generic_Name said under her breath while she dialed another one of her friend's number to ask her for advice instead. The friend she called, Generic_Name, picked up the phone and Generic_Name began to ask her for advice. "I get it, I've been in that same situation before," Generic_Name responded. Generic_Name stayed on the phone with Generic_Name fr over an hour giving her advice. After the long phone called filled with meaningful conversations, Generic_Name was satisfied with Generic_Name's advice. It was probably the best advice she had ever heard, "Thank you so much, Generic_Name," Generic_Name said with a smile as she hung up the phone. Asking more than one person for advice is better than only asking one person because, there may be someone who has been in the same situation, the person in need of advice may completely disagree with someone's advice, and better advice will be found with the more people who are asked.

To begin, asking more than one person for advice is better than only asking one person because, there is always someone who has been in the same situation. When someone that shares the same experience is asked for advice, they'll probably give the best advice to someone about the situation. They'll usually know what's best to do since they've been through the same thing. So, people who share that experience are definitely the best ones to ask for advice unless, the person in need of advice isn't satisfied with it. If they're still not satisfied, they can ask more people, which is another reason why it's always smarter to ask more than one person for advice.

Disagreeing with someone's advice is another reason why asking more than one person is smarter. If only one person is asked for advice, it'll seem as if following their advice is the only way to go. For example, if two girls stopped being friends because of a slight misunderstanding and one of the girls asks someone for advice. The advice they're given may be to avoid her, even though they may not like it, they're most likely going to do it. If the girl asks more than one person for advice and the other one says to work the problems out, the girl will have choices and she won't be forced to do something she doesn't want to do.

Another reason why asking more than one person is more effective than only asking one is, better advice will be found with the more people who are asked. If over three people are asked for advice than it'll be less stressful making a choice. Having many options to choose from is way better than only having one choice. As more people are asked, the advice they share may get better and better. Only asking one person limits you to one choice you may not even like. Someone will share the advice they want to hear and making the choice will be easy.

In conclusion, asking more than one person for advice is better than only asking one. Asking more than one person for advice will make it easier to choose good advice to follow. With the more people that are asked for adivce, a good choice will be found. Also, asking more than one person will prevent people from being pressured to do something they don't want to do. Asking more than one person is always best.