Dear Florida Senator,

Our country, the United States of America, elects our presidents by something that is called the Electoral College. The Electoral College is a selection of 538 electors who vote to elect the president. The popular Presidential vote ties into the Electoral College by when a person votes for a presidential candidate, that person also votes for their chosen panel of electors from that state. Many citizens of the United States believe that this electing process is unfair and takes away the freedom to elect our President, but the Electoral College is fitting for our country because the candidates can campaign in all regions and that there will not be as big as a dispute in the Electoral College election than a popular election.

To begin with, the United States should keep the Electoral College for the presidential election because the candidates campaign in all the regions. "The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have a trans-regional appeal." (Source 3, stanza 19). If the United States only had a popular vote election, the candidates would only campaign to the big states(higher population), and not the the smaller states(lower population). Then the smaller states and regions we feel like they are not involved or matter in the election. "The residents of the other regions are likely to feel disenfranchised-to feel that their votes do not count, that the new president will have no regard for their interests, that he really isn't their president." (Source 3, stanza 19). Also, a presidential candidate does not want to stay in a region where he will know he will win. The presidential candidate wants to be desired and win the elections in as much regions as possible, so more of his campaign electors go to the Electoral College. "This is a desirable result because a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president." (Source 3, stanza 19).

Secondly, the United States should keep the Electoral College for the presidential election because there will not be as big as a dispute in an Electoral College election than in a popular election. "A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible-it happened in 2000- but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote." (Source 3, stanza 18). And most of the time in an Electoral College vote, the popular vote candidate wins! "...it is entirely possibel that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. Yet that has happened very rarely." (Source 3, stanza 16). Also, in a popular election,

anyone can vote. That means citizens who don't know many things about the candidates or the politics can choose the future president for the United States. In the Electoral College vote, popular voters vote for a candidate's electors, who are knowledgeable about their candidates and politics, and who are carefully selected by the candidate's party. "Each candidate running for President in your state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party" (Source 1, stanza 5).

In conclusion, the United States should definitely keep the Electoral College for electing the president because it is fair to all the regions and there will not be as big as a dispute in the Electoral College vote than the popular vote. In the popular vote, if a person's desired candidate did not win, they could lash out, maybe violently, at other people in their community who voted for an opposing candidate. Also, the Electoral College vote is fair for the smaller states, for in the Electoral College, they get a number of electors based on their state's population. This is better than in a popular vote, where the whole state of California could vote for one candidate and the state of Rhode Island could vote for an opposing candidate. The California candidate would have more votes than the Rhode Island candidate, for Rhode Island is considerably smaller than California. Over all, the Electoral College election is the best way for the United States to elect their president. It's the way it always has been, therefore it should stay that way.

Sincerely,

A Concerned Student    