Many people are beginning to see that cars are causing lots of greenhouse gases to be released into the atmosphere. These greenhouse gases affect our ozone layer in the atmosphere and causes global warming and causes high pollution levels that make it hard to breathe for most people.

Some residents in a small suburb in Vauban, Germany are living life without cars and. This little change has helped to drop greenhouse gases in Germany. Many residents believed that at first they were not going to like walking everywhere but they have now realized that they are cutting down on greenhouse gas emmisions from tail pipes and it helps uncroud the streets.

Greenhouse gases have a tremendous effect on our atmosphere and the air that we need to have to be able to survive. In Paris, government officials put out a ban on what cars could be used on certain days to try and bring pollution levels down around the global city. The first day was fining motorists with even-numbered license plates after they were oredered to leave their cars at home. The same would be done to odd-numbered motorists the next day. The smog around the city cleared enough on Monday that the French party decided to lift the ban for odd-numbered motorists on Tuesday.

In Bogota, Colombia, Colombian officials took a day to have the city completely car free. Many people took buses to work, hiked, biked, or skated, leaving the streets of Bogota eerily devoid of traffic jams. It was the third straight year that cars have been banned to try and promote alternative transpotation rather than cars and to try and reduce smog around the city. Two other cities joined the event and participated to try and reduce smog around the smaller cities as well. Some municipal authorities from other countries went to Bogota to see the event and saw how much it helped and are now thinking of doing their own version of the event in their countries.

In America, recent studies show that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. Many researchers are wondering if America has passed peak driving. America has been one of the worlds prime care cultures do to its inventions for the car. The United States peaked in 2005 but have steadily dropped thereafter. As of April 2013 the number of miles driven per peson was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995. These actions have caused less emission of greenhouse gases from tailpipes into the atmosphere dramatically. Studies are going to see if the driving rate steadily goes down or if it is going to pick back up, to see if less greenhouse gases will be emitted from tailpipes to hepl reduce smog around many major American cities.                               