Have you ever asked someone for some advice, and they give you a stupid answer, so you then ask other people and feel a lot better about your situation. That is because asking multiple people actually helps people make a better choice. So that in the end, they know that they made the best choice. This is because multiple people can give you more reasons towards the same solution, and a lot of different ideas. Going to multiple people to help with your situation can give you more ideas for answers to your problems, make them feel better about the decision they made, and help you feel less isolated with your problem.

First, seeking more than one person can give you many ideas as answers to your problem. Just asking one person may give you multiple ideas, that you think are enough, but it is more helpful to ask a variety of people, to see different views from different people. Gathering multiple solutions is the key to making good decisions, because you have heard a variety of different options, and decided the most reasonable one. In fact, in many scenarios, you could use many ideas, to form new ideas that will work out even better. Because of this, many ideas is most definitely a good thing to have, and should be used for every situation.

Next, having many solutions will help make you feel better about your decision.

If you ask somebody, and you use their answer, then you are actually more likely to regret it in the future, as apposed to asking multiple people, and picking a reasonable answer that ten other people recommended. You have multiple people backing your decision up, and you are not in the fight alone. This will boost your confidence in your decision, leaving your regrets to a minimum. If you ask one man, and you use his answer, you have nobody besides that man to help you. That is one of the many reasons why asking multiple people is essential.

Finally, going to more than one person helps you actually feel less isolated. Sure many people do it for ideas, but majority of times, they just don't want to feel alone. You need a lot of support for the tough decisions, which is one thing that you can't keep hidden. People need to talk to other people about their problems, and that is what they are doing when they ask you for advice. So, you might actually start talking to the people you talked to about it, which will help them help you get through your situation together.

In conclusion, Getting many ideas, feeling better about your decision, and feeling less isolated are all reasons that people talk to more than one person for advice. Some parts, they do to help with their situation, others they just want a friend. Either way, they do it to make a better choice for the problem, or themselves. So, talking to other people is almost always the way to handle your problem, and it helps you, so why not do it. Just talk to someone if you are dealing with a situation, and need some advice. Afterall, they may be dealing with a similair situation too.