The Electoral College is a easy, yet hard way of a candidate becoming the President of the United States. The Electoral college was created by how ever many majority of the electoral votes will become the new president. This brings many issues within the U.S. . The popularity vote does not matter in a situation like this and is not likely relied on to decide who the president will be. The Electoral College is not right, it's unfair, and is very controversial. The argument though is that with the Electoral College the votes which are dominant have a better chance of the two nominees not having the same amount of votes rather than if it was relied on by the popularity votes. This still though does not resolve nor question that the Electoral College needs to be replaced.

Initially, the Electoral College is not right at all. The electoral votes in the U.S. combined throughout all the states equals 538 votes. Popularity votes which are votes that have an advantage of the election are more than tens of thousands if not more. This is an example on how the Electoral College works. An example of this is in the source by "Reasons to keep our despised method of chooosing the President" it states, " Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only 42 percent of the popularity vote but won through the electoral votes because they had bigger states voting for them making them win that election". This shows how the Electoral College is not right and should reverse the value of electoral and popularity voting(Poshner, 22).

Additionally, the Electoral College voting is very unfair because many sources giving have shown to people that many candidates have had less popularity vote but have won through the majority of the electoral votes. This is unfair because popularity votes mean popularity votes which are votes that are of the majority of all votes. Unfortunately, the popularity votes do not count. As said in the source "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" it states, " if you wanted to vote for John Kerry and you lived in Texas the vote would go to 34 Democratic electors that pledged to Kerry". This is why popularity vote should be the deciding factor of who becomes the next President. If every election would be based on popularity vote the candidate won each of those elections would probably all change due to the fact that so many elections have won based on electoral vote(Plumer,10).

To end with, the Electoral College is so controversial. Out of more than two hundred years of elections many have been close and many have been a mile away from each other. The electoral vote decides it all though. The main problem with this process is how it is set-up. The electoral vote is dominent over the popular vote, but it shouldnt be. The electoral vote has made bad decisions yet good decisions throughout the hundreds of years its been around and the main reasin for electoral votes are to keep the candidates running not have the same number of votes so that they won't have to have another election and voting cast. "It is also really controversial since the voting also might rely on the political party that the candidate is running for", as  stated by "What is the Electoral College". This Electoral College seems to go by how big the state is, the bigger the state the more electoral votes that state has; the smaller the state the less electoral votes that that state has(Federal Register, 5).

In conclusion, the Electoral College is unaccurate, lazy, unreasonable, yet successful. This process by many sources of evidence have concluded that there are in fact many holes in this system. Yet some sources have proved how the Electoral College has helped decide the outcomes and have stopped run-off elections. The Electoral College is unfair, not right and controversial and has also proved that it has pros to all these cons as well.     