Autonimous cars are a reality. Corporations such as Google, General Motors, and enigineers at Berkley have all created, to a certain extent, autonimous vehicles. A few more companies including Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan have announced their plans to have autonimous vehicles by 2020. But are autonimous vehicles really the best? Who would be responsible for crashes? Will they be as safe as regullar vehicles? Will they be able to be hacked? Even though the autonimous car is possible is it really safe?

First, how would autonimous vehicles respond to a wreck? It is clearly stated in paragraph 7 "but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills". So what happens in the event of a crash? One car wrecks and it causes a huge domino effect. One car after another, pile up because they do not know how to deal with the situation.

Second, in the event of a wreck who is responsible? The owner of the vehicle or the manufacturer? While the vehicle does belong to the owner and he did know about potential problems, the manufacturer should be able to deliver a completely safe vehicle to a customer.

That brings me to another issue. No one can confrim 100% that an autonimous vehicle will not wreck. There wil alway be human error in the manufactoring process. Now you might say; but they will be assembled by robots, so there wont be any human error. Well: who assembled the robots, who programmed them? Humans did, thus introducing human error into the problem.

Another thing to be worried about is terrorism. Will these cars be able to be hacked? A terrorist could hack into an autonimous vehicle and use for whatever he desires. He could drive a bomb anywhere he wants. No place would be safe or out of rech of a terrorist.

As you can see there are many propposed problems with autonimous cars. Wrecks, responsibility, human error, and terrorism are just a few of them. The truth is that there will always be some sort of problem with autonimous cars. Glitches and human error willl make sure of that. The idea of a fully autonimous car is fascinating, but are they really the best for america?