How has your advise ever impacted someone? Have you ever helped anyone make a life changing decision? When under pressure it is always good to seek help from others but how do you know if its good?.If you have a choice it is better to get multiple opinions ,as people go thought different experiences,you can filter out and average the advice, there are always going to be biased opinions.

It is wise to get multiple opinions because people go through a different experiences. this is important because many peoples values are not the same,as how you grew up and information you have learned varies from person to person. After trying out for the school play i had been casted as ensemble. Debating whether i should drop out because of my minor role. I decided to ask a few friend about the issue. One friend had a bad experience in a previous show saying that it is never fun and if you dont have the part you want you should drop out. another friend that had a good experience in a minor role said it was fun and helps you get experience even if in the background. I value both as good friends and trust there opinions. In the end i decided to keep the role and stay in the show because even if not a major role you can improve and get experience for the next one. Multiple opinions are important because anyone with a different experience can have different views. These biases can be positive or negative, and with multiple opinions you can look over all options and sort out the pros and cons of each.

It is better to get multiple opinions and advise because you can filter out and average what you need from the advice. Averaging out the advice is a good method because you can find the pros and cons of the situation leading you to a better answer. Before starting the interesting hobby that is cosplay (spending time and money to make different character costumes to wear year round) i wanted to ask family and friends what they thought ,as this was a big decision. Many of them said that it was weird and that i should stay away from this community. Others who had cosplayed before said it was a good idea but a lot of effort . i combined these ideas and values with my own and created a pros and cons list . On one half i would have to work hard and put in effort to afford and create these costumes. On the other half it would be worth it to have a creation you can wear , get attention from,and the bonus of joining a fun and supportive community. In the end i became a cosplayer .Multiple opinions are important because you can make a pros and cons list learning from others mistakes,so you can make better decisions .

Multiple opinions are needed to make a choice because their are always going to be biases . Being biased is unavoidable ,on purpose or not everyone is influenced by opinion . Being biased is based off the experiences and values you have .Before playing a team sport you are asked to pick teams . You have already picked most of your members and there are a few kids left . One of the kids left is your friend .You want to pick them but feel you should ask the rest of the team to get their opinions. We start to talk about picking them or not. One teammate had gotten into a fight with someone from that kids friend group so he disagreed saying she doesnt want him on the team. Another teammate liked him but they werent friends so he agreed with two others that also didint want him. If i had picked this friend without asking the others it could have started a fight. I was biased to have that friend on the team because of past experiences. Their biases and experiences helped switch my opinion for the better. It is important to get multiple opinions because people will always be biased for good or for bad.

Even if your not helping with a life changing decision your input could always help someone, experiences are something that cant be replaced. If you have a choice it is better to get multiple opinions ,as people go thought different experiences,you can filter out and average the advice, there are always going to be biased opinions. For better or worse peoples experiences can influence you. Its important to filter them and use the best advise possible. So how can you positively influence someone?