Phones and Driving

In this day in age of technological advancement, mankind has quickly adapted to using devices such as cellphones. It has gotten to the point where we constantly use it for everything we do. There seems to be many good qualities about the cellphone which humans seem to keep all are attention on. That in turn causes problems with our surroundings such as being on the phone and driving a vehicle.

There is no denying that cellphones take up all of our attention. There are just so many things that we are able to do that makers have put in it. It is just to ensure that we never get bored while also waiting for the next phone with technological superiority to be released. Likewise, with driving. It takes up all of our focus to make sure we don't get into a car wreck. In a way, driving and being on a cellphone are very similar in regards to how much attention we give it. So when putting both together, the ending result are what you would expect it to be, catastrophic.

Cellphones and driving take up a lot of focus and because of that, we constantly are switching from looking at our phones to paying attention to the road and oncoming traffic ahead (assuming there is any that is). They do not balance out well and people can easily get into car accidents as a result. This most notably happens when a person is trying to text and drive at the same time. It was this very reason why texting and driving has been made illegal to ensure the safety of fellow drivers. You would think the problems lay with teenagers doing it, but adults have a higher statistic level when it comes to this, providing more fatality rates to go up. Add that in with alcohol and there is no telling what will happen.

In the end, we just should not use our phones while we drive. It quickly turns into a habit once we start and it will not end well. It can also result in being arrested if caught by a local police officer. We should get everything out of the way before we start driving or stop and park somewhere before we engage into the activities on our phone. There are plenty of safe ways to use a phone while inside of a vehicle, we just choose the most dangerous route.

Taylor 2            