My Response towards this is going to be towards the future of our community our world and everyone's future. In my response people who do community service are thinking in the right way they have their priorities straight and our thinking towards our future.

The people who do not do community service in my opinion just aren't thinking in the right way in word as saying they aren't thinking about our future about how us the children the kids are and will be the future of our planet we will have to manage it we are the one who will be making rules soon who will be sitting down in a desk of discovering something new or currying diseases. We have to get our priorities straight and think how we can make our world a better and safer place for our offspring and their own offspring. Though as we do community service we are helping our environment we are helping our community, we will not have a littered a polluted world we live in that is just mediocre. We are the future and we have to make it better starting now.

Have you seen how bad our world is we have war fighting over dumb reasons. We fight over land over money over oil, we should not even be fighting we did not come toward this earth to fight but as we make it we do. The human race is dumb they do not see what we are causing with the fighting, we are killing families we are breaking our own human races into different categories we should not be doing that. This all comes toward the subject of community service as i show if we fight we kill and if we kill we have less people for doing good deeds as community service. If we go to war we use transportation we destroy our earths ozone with the pollution we are causing.

In my ending statement is that we need to put all the bad things aside of what we really need to do. We need to help the poor as for education help all the countries around the world that are to poor to afford a proper education. We need to be clean to not kill our earth we need to just all come together and just help and come together to save our world to become a better place to accomplish more. The main thing i am just trying to establish is that we all need to help "community service".