Driverless cars have been argued and talked about for years. There are many aspects that make the driverless car seem irresistable. However, there are a few concerns about driverless cars that are completely understandable. Driverless cars are a positive asset for this country. These cars will shape our future and change our world for the better. There have been many bumps in the road for the developement of driverless cars. This will not deter the developers though and many people are still working on them today. Not only will they help form our future, they will help improve the present.

Currently, only a few companies are working on driverless cars. Some of these companies include, General Motors, Google, and BMW. The birth of driverless cars started with special tracks that the cars could drive on. In the late 1950s, General Motors worked on a car that would run on a certain road. This road sent radio signals to the car itself and this is how the car would drive. This supported the idea that we didn't need a smarter car; we needed a smarted road. This system worked incredibly well; however, this idea was too expensive. After the reality of special tracks failed, engineers started working on smarter cars. This created a problem at first because the technology was not yet advanced enough to create driverless cars.

In 2013, BMW had developed a car that could handle driving up to twenty-five miles per hour. The driver still had to pay attention to drive occasionally and the car wasn't perfect. Google had been working on a car that could drive itself since 2009. In the reading it talks about how the technology to create driverless cars was not there. Sebastian Thrun, founder of the Google Car project mentions, "There was no way, before 2000, to make something intersting." He is refering to the driverless cars. The cars made in 2009 were suprisingly successful. However, the cars were not one hundred percent driverless. The google cars still needed a driver that could take over in certain conditions. This brought up the arguemtn, would people want a driverless car that they had to drive. However, in a few years the technology should be able to make these cars almost completely driverless. The argument of allowing driverless cars is on-going. There are many facts that make using driverless car seem like a good idea

One of the facts that support the driverless car is that by using driverless cars, we would use half the fuel of today's taxi system. This means we would save more money, and save the planet at the exact same time. The driverless car would have more flexibility than a bus as well. You would call the car to your house and then let it take you wherever you needed to go. A driverless car would allow for shorter travel times because the driver would be able to take breaks. This would result in the driver arriving places quicker. Driverless cars would decrease the amount of crashes as well. These cars would eliminate human error while driving. Stop lights would not be run, and police wouldn't have to chase after cars because they would have to go the speed limit. This would cause the crime rate to go down as well. The last thing needed to have driverless cars on the road is making in legal in more states. A passage from the reading states, "California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Colimbia have led the country in allowing limited use of semi-autonomous car." The cars driven in these states have been relatively sucessful. The rest of the country should use this as an example and consider allowing driverless cars.

Driverless cars are an idea of the future. However, that future is closer than many believe. These cars will limit gas, reduce crime rate, and decrese travel time. Driverless cars are an incredibly brilliant idea for America and soon the whole planet. The technology will soon allow for completely driverless cars. This will improve the world. Driverless cars are a positive asset for this country. Hopefully, driverless cars will be incorporated in daily life soon. In conclusion, instead of stressing out about driving, people will be able to sit back and let the car drive.