The idea of summer projects for students is a great way to assure that they are continuing to learn outside of school independently. This is true when the students have the freedom and responsibility to choose which subject they want to deepen their knowledge about. Although teachers have the ability to design specific projects that relate directly to the curriculum, students would find completing their projects more enjoyable if they had the freedom to research a topic that they experienced first hand, as well as displaying an opportunity to those who travel and may research different cultures.

Schools that allow the students to design their summer projects may include a list of topics provided by teachers to assure all students remain on task with the curriculum as well as develop a passion for their topic. With a list of examples provided, students may get creative with ideas and become passionate about their work, which should be the most important goal schools attempt to get their student to achieve. With passion, students become motivated to continue studying even when it is summer break.

Moreover, those fortunate enough to travel have endless possibilities when designing their projects: from the chemical makeup of jet plane fuel to the traditions and customs of villages in third world countries, there is no limit. By being able to experience new cultures, examine pieces of art work, sight see great monuments, etc..., students may design extravagant projects that expose others to what they have experienced. When students present their project at the beginning of the following school year, those who did not get to travel may learn about topics they weren't able to experience themselves, making all students inclusive in eachothers summer activities.

Although some may believe that teachers should design the student's projects, this should not be the case if schools wish for their students to learn to be responsible and independent. If teachers were to design the projects, yes, it would be guaranteed that it follows the curriculum, but there will be a clear lack of passion in the student's work. Forcing a topic students have no interest in or are unable to experience first hand will bring the students to resent learning during their break. And for those traveling, some may not have access to specific requests the teachers assign, forcing them to either return home to complete their project or to produce something mediocre. Students being able to design their own project that works best around their schedule would benefit everyone.

Schools who allow students to design their own projects are giving the opportunity to be creative, independent, and responsible. With passion mixed in, possibilities for greatness are endless. Schools that have teachers design projects should reconisder and follow the schools that allow students' footsteps.