The reason people make mistakes,the reason why they have mostly opinions,and the reason why there is some bias. Some good reasons for people to ask multiple and not one person is to see what there point of view looks like and to take out some opinions .One example for this is if your friend says something like chuck y cheese is the worst, that would be an opinion and it would make a bad article, but on the other hand if your friend would have said reasons why chuck y cheese is the worst than that would back up your statement, by saying something like,One reason chuck y cheese is bad is because of the health conditions and list examples to back up the statement that was made.

Some other reasons why its good to ask more than one person is because people have different mindsets than others,Which also leads to people thinking differently. What I mean is something like,some people have better writing and talking abilities than others. For example you ask someone why a certain topic like stretching before running is good someone might say,

"Because it's easier to run", and someone else might say

"One reason you should stretch before running is because if you stretch, your muscles will be loosened and more relaxed and there would be less of a risk of getting a cramp". the second person actually used facts about what will happen and the first person only said one thing that was not specific.

Another reason is that if you dont ask more than one person you won't be able to add even more facts like if someone said, a fact you really liked and you dident ask anyone else and you make an article about it you wont be able to write as much on the article if there is only one thing you can write about. Which could also lead to the article looking way to short and the public wont want to buy it because of the little amount of work that was put into it. And if you ask more than one person it could probably change your point of view or your opinion about the topic. like if you said sharks are cute someone else could say, they might be but some things about the shark are that they have a really large mouths,really sharp teeth and some more stuff which might either lead the person to think about why before he thought sharks were cute and now say they are really dangerous or just keep saying the sharks are cute because you have not been anywhere near them yet. because some people know more things than others because of what they might have learned in the past that you havent learned yet. or just things that have to do with religion and where you where born.

Another good reason on why to ask more than one person is because if you dont know the person very well you might not know how smart the person is or if they are lieing to you, So if you go to more than one person and they basically all say around the same exact thing, Than whatever the first person said you will know that they were correct about what they said and after you ask the people go on the internet and search about the topic and if there are any words that sound familiar than you will know that you are 100 percent correct.

Another thing which is something that im pretty sure I already mentioned but want to back it up is that if your not quite sure on how to like publish a book and you ask more than one person you might learn something new and then if someone ask you how to do it you wont just say I dont know anymore you will be saying I absolutely know how to do it which could als help people find or look for jobs. and something else is that if your doing something that is illegal and have friends that dont do it and you want to stop but dont know how to you can maybe ask more than one friend on how to stop which could help you later on becaus you would have multiple ways to stop whatever your doing,

Instead of only one way that maybe you think is really risky and have to take a chance. Which could really help someone out with their life because you ask somone how to deal with it and you dont like the idea then you can to to your other friend and ask him.