Dear principal,

I don't think that changing the grade point average you must have in order to participate in sports is a very good idea. I think that if a student is passing all of their classes, then they should be able to participate in sports. If a student was amazing at volleyball and that was the only thing she talked about, then received a 79 grade point average and was told that she wasn't allowed to participate in volleyball would be crushed. If a student receives a 70 grade point average or above, they should be able to play sports. If over half of the students on a team had a C grade point average, then the policy was changed, the school would lose over half of its students! How would you expect the team to play with less then half of its players?

I believe that the policy is good where it is. If a student does receive a C average, then I would warn them that their grades are slipping, not tell them they can not do any extra curricular activities until they get their average up. I think that having a C average is not great, but it is also not horrible meaning the students should be able to participate in extra curricular activities. Also, if a student is not allowed to go to lets say art club, then they lose part of their time to catch up with friends that they don't see during school. Most of the time the students are to busy to talk with friends during school, and then they expect to talk to them when they have sports or extra curricular. If a student is removed from a team because they have a C average, the team could possibly loose their star player. If the volleyball team is 10 and 0, then their star player is removed, then their record could start becoming a lot worse.

Some students struggle academically, but they should not be banned from their sports because of it. Students should have a good average, but they shouldn't be forced to have a better average.

If a student always struggled in math but did great in all of their other subjects, then heard about the new policy and was told they couldn't play sports they would think its very unfair.

Students should be able to express their talents, even if its not academically. Some students will go all the way through school, kindergarten through college, then realize that they want to play sports. Students shouldn't be restrained from what they love to do just because they had a bad grade point average. I think that students should be able to play volleyball or participate in art club even if they have a C average. I think that the grade policy should stay as a B average.