It's amazing how seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, for example if you need a certain point to prove to someone and you feel like asking different people to see if you think their right or not! Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice in lots of ways. Like if your trying to choose a certain object and you can only choose one of the two and it's really hard to choose. Also, if a choice is really important to you, i would suggest not to ask anyone for their opinion because it might could effect your life forever, well unless it's your parents or someone you actually trust. Like i said earlier,"about how seeking multiple opinions can help someone prove a point to somebody" well it depends on what your trying to prove like what if your proving who can run faster and you ask for different opinions because if you actually do that than doesn't prove nothing until you actually race.

Multiple opinions can also help scientific work or government involved work. Different opinions can help scientific work because scientists can use opinions to think of ideas that they couldn't have thought of before. Opinions can also help government involved work because it helps them learn more about the people of their state or country. When the government asks their people their opinions on certain things they could be doing a survey to see if the state or country is safe or not. I think scientists actually asks for different opinions from different people, in a matter of fact they do that everyday or almost everyday!

Advice is basically the same thing as asking different opinions, that's why it was even referenced at the beginning of the prompt. I say that advice is the same thing as asking for different opinions and i have reasons of course to back it up. One of the reasons that i say it's the same thing is because if you need it then you can ask different people for help or advice or opinions or what ever you wanna call it. I just wanted to point out that different words can have the same meaning or different meanings. Unless advice is from your parents you shouldn't take it from other people like i said earlier.

Looking for different opinions or asking for different advice can help most people make a better choice. The choice that someone makes can be helpful or it could just not be important. Even though i said don't take advice unless it's your parents you should still take risks to discover certain things.