Have you ever heard of a seagoing Cowboys program? Well if you haven't or even if you have just keep on reading. If you like to help animals thin this is the artical for you. I think you should particapate in the seagoing cowboys program. There are many reasons why you should perticipate in this Seagoing Cowboy program. So just keep on reading to see what those reasons are.

I think you should try it out but if you dont right now you might eant to at least reaserching this and see if you would like to try out this seagoing Cowboys program. I think you need to try seagoing Cowboy program beacause in the passage "A Cowboy Who Rode the Waves." There was a man named Luke Bomberger he loved this program he even experienced going over the Alantic Ocean six-teen times and also went though the Pacific Ocean twice to help people affected by the World War ll. Would you like to experiance that type of fun.

Also I think you should at least try this beacuse in the passage "A Cowboy Who Rode the Waves." It states in paragraph two that he helped recover their food supplies, animals , and more , forty-four nations joined together to form an UNRRA (the united Nations Relief and Rehabitstion Administation.) That needed to be recoverdfrom desasters.

I also think that you should join the Seagoing Cowboy program because it states that in paragraph six that you care about animals on the way back from safty. Would you like to save a pour animals life? It states that "Bales of hay and bages of oats had to be pulled up from the lower holds of the ship." It also states that they have to clean the stalls. that would mean that the pour animals need your help because they need more people to help them out with the pour animals with feeding them and also cleanding there stalls.

Third of all I think you need to at lest try this is because of paragraph four it states that when he turend eigh-teen that Luck Bomberger was going to try to go to the miitary service, but when they found out that he was on a cattle-boat trip they said that he should just keep doing what he is already doing. That just by doing that it helped alot so he did not need to searve in the milatery.

This is about how and also why wou schould at least think about going the Seagoing Cowboy program. If you belive that you would want to at least find out more you should partisipate it dose not even have to be that long of your searvice. Would you likek to join now that you have read you have read my convinsing artical on why you should join the Seagoing Coyboy proogram?