Seeking multiple choice help me see if it's a good choice or not that I pick what i pick. So say if I went to the store with my mom, dad, and sister and I seen a orange but then I seen a apple. So what I would do is ask my mom which one should I get and then ask my dad finally i would ask my sister and if two of them say i should get the oranges and one of them say apples then i'm going to get the apple. I like asking people what items I

should get because it help me make up my mind.

Sometimes If i ask people something it's really hard for me to make up my mind what i should pick. Usually i just close my eyes and spin around and which ever one I'm pointing at is the one i'm getting. But that was when i was a young kid now i just ask my family which one i should get it usually helps me a lot. But you can't just walk up to someone and be like which one should I get i mean some people are okay to say that to but I wouldn't do it because it is dergurous. If i was you Just stick with asking the people that you know like family or friends.

Another example say if i wanted to go hunting with my dad because he loves to hunt but i want to go fish with my grandpa because he loves fishing. So first i would have to go ask my mom and see what she say most likely she going to say my dad so then i ask my sister what should i do and she loves both of them but she would say "my grandpa because he older man and i always go hunting". so know to make it far i would probably go on social media and ask my friends and if most of them agree that i should go with my grandpa i take the one vote and add that to my other friends. Then if they say my dad i do the same thing I did with my grandpa add up all the vote from my friends and then add one on to it from my mom. and then i got my answer if i should go with my dad or grandpa.

If you have one choice it not as good as two choices. You maybe don't like that one choice and it would never hurt to ask more then one person. Also some people might give a good reason why you should do what you are doing and if you have go reason for both you just can't go with one you have to go with multiple choice. It's always good to go with more then one answer because you never know how much fun you have if you don't .You never know go big or go home.

When asking for advice it's can be hard at times that why you ask for many answer as you can get. Talking to people can be fun to you never know until you try it. I'm pretty sure it help a lot of people make choice on what they have to do. For example my grandma had cancer she had a choice of living and having to get surgery and have a hard time or we had a choice just letting her past away we didn't want her to have hard times so we made a vote Then we knew it was going to be hard but it was okay so we let her go. seeking multiple choices help in life it help with anything and everything. 