Online classes, the schooling of the future, but is it really the best option? Now with almost everything being online and millions of students nation wide having access to computers, many students have opted to take online classes. Some school counties even require their students to take at least one online class each year, while others have distributed computers to every student. AP and college classes are even offered for high school students online. There will only be an increase in classes offered and students taking online classes in the coming years. Although online classes are extremely common, they are not the best option for students because there is no direct interaction with the teacher, there are more resources at school, students will loose the teamwork and help they receive from other students.

Although millions of students take online classes there is a still a really good chance students will only know two to five other students taking the course. While as if students took classes at school then they could know up to hundreds of other students taking the same class. The most helpful thing for students is being able to talk to other students taking the same class because then they can help each other with understanding the material or assignments. Also, being in a classroom with other students is extremely helpful because sometimes students need someone to talk to about their ideas. Especially in math and science, having another student to talk to is very beneficial because when two or more brains are put together the students can usually figure out the material or how to solve the problem. Many students like to check their homework with other students to ensure they understand the material. Studying with other students is more helpful for some, then studying on their own and also this allows students to share their knowledge on the subject which can open other students eyes to material that they did not realize they did not know or understand. Online classes usually do not have group projects or activities which prohibits students from learning how to work together, which is a necessary skill that students need to be constantly improving. When that social interaction with other students is taken away it stunts students learning and progressing of necessary life skills.

Taking a class at school gives students access to more resources than they would at home. At school, students have access to printers, student tutors, counselors, and thousands of books. Also, there are some online applications that only school computers can access that are very helpful. Although having access to material items is fantastic the most important resources are the people that can help students with their classes. Even though students can still talk to their counselors if they are taking an online class, counselors are more helpful when they know the teacher and the curriculum because then they have better knowledge of the situation. There are many student tutors willing to help other students anytime. Student tutors are sometimes the most helpful because they have previously taken the class which means they know exactly how to help, especially in AP classes because the curriculum rarely significantly changes.

The relationship a students builds with a teacher is extremely important because it can determine if a student succeeds in the class. When teachers see students working hard and not succeeding they will help them individually and come up with new ways to teach them. Also, if a student has a good relationship with the teacher they feel more comfortable asking for help. While as if they have never met the teacher they may be more hesitant to ask for help because they may feel that their question is dumb or that the teacher may think they were not paying attention. Furthermore, teachers being able to see their entire class in one setting helps them determine if the class understands the content and if they should spend more time on certain units. Also, being with other classmates allows students to see that other students are confused too which makes students feel less alone and less frustrated because they know that they are not the only one confused. Sometimes it is really hard to communicate a question over email or video chat, especially in classes such as math and science. It seems almost impossible to ask a question over email about the angular velocity of a flywheel that has a torque of 60Nm. Especially with difficult questions it is usually easier to understand the teacher's explanation in person. There is so much benefit from having a strong relationship with a teacher that is not worth giving up.

Some students really struggle with the pacing of classes, it is either too slow or too fast, online classes allow students to take control of how they pace their learning whether that be going slower or faster. Online classes allow some students to thrive because they needed the ability to pace their learning. Also, some students hate the classroom environment and cannot focus on lesson after lesson for over 6 hours, and online classes allow them to break up their learning or walk around. Furthermore, some students either have jobs, sports, or medical problems that pull them away from school often which puts them at disadvantage because they are missing so much material. Online classes allow these students to still take the same amount of classes as their peers, but not feel constantly behind. Although online classes are the solution for some students, they are not for most.

Online classes are on the raise and do not seem to be stopping. Adjusting to online classes is extremely difficult because students loose a lot of the resources and help they received at school. Schools and students need to consider if online classes are the best choice because it can hinder a student's learning and progression.