The system of Electoral College is being always used in Presidental elections every first Thursday in November, hapenning in a space of fours years each electio. According with the text: ''What Is the Ellectoral College?'', the Office of the Federal Register explain that on this system, there's a ''selection of electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress'', this group has 538 electors.

The biggest problem with this system is that you do not vote directly to your president, you are voting for a candidate's electors. The real decision is not made by the people of the society themselves, but made by a group of people who whave the freedom to choose the candidate that they feel pleased with. Another point is that some of this electors don't even vote for their paty's candidates.

If it doesn't look like a big deal, first it's important no analyze the profile of the electors, the ones who decide the future of our country and the authorty of our nation. Do they have something special? Something that differenciate them for the other voters? Actually no! There's no criterion, according with Bradford Plumer in '' The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong'', the selection of the electors ''depends on the state. Sometimes state conventions, sometimes the state party's central comitee, sometimes the presidental candidates themselves''.

The last point is that the few electors can't represent the will of a whole state, in ''The Indefensible Electoral College'', shows that just 55 representatives from California, represent 35 million voters, it's impossible to attend the rights of each one of these people.

After all, we need to realize that it's a unfair system for regular voters, for the population in general that has the expection of changing something, but actually are being controled for a group. Sometimes, a candidate won the popular vote but lost the presidency during the electors decision. Democracy should look at the opinion of everybody else right? But in this case what is happening goes against the definition of democracy.    