Imagine going up to a friend and asking, "What should I do?", then they give you all the wrong answers? This is exactly why seeking multiple opinions is a great way to go. When you are seeking advice, and you look for multiple opinions you can get unbiased opinions, because you have more than one piece of advice. You can also have more advice to choose from, so you really can find the piece of advice that you like the most. The more advice you get, the better your decision is, because you can look at all the opinions and put them together to create an even better solution to the problem.

When seeking advice, sometimes you may get biased opinions. You may find someone who already feels a certain way about something and does not care about what happens to you. When getting advice you may run into things like this. If you get multiple opinions on a subject, you will almost never get all biased opinions. If you just get one opinion and it is biased, then you may put yourself in a bad situation, because you took that piece of advice, not knowing that that advice was biased and would put you in that situation. Making the better choice is what is important. Getting a biased or bad opinion just goes against making the right decision. If you get multiple opinions, and one of them is biased, but you listen to all the other ones, you can tell which one is biased and not make that bad decision. So getting multiple opinions helps you make the right decisions.

If you need good advice but you just want advice that is right for you, seeking multiple opinions is always better. This is because you have more advice to choose from. When getting advice from one person, you may get advice that you like but does not fit with who you are. This is because with only one piece of advice to choose from, because you can't think of your own, you have a small choice that you may not like, but you just do because you did not know what else to do. When getting multiple opinions, you have more advice to choose from so you can always choose the best advice for you and all the other people involved in the situation. With having more decisions to choose from, the decision making can be hard, but with all these choices you can have conversations with people to decide what the true best choice is. If you get multiple decisions, you can get advice that helps you more, therefore making the better decision.

When seeking advice to make a good decision, the more advice you get the better your decision is. With more opinions, you have better solutions. The goal is to try to make the right decision. With only one piece of advice it is awfully difficult to make the right decisions, and even if you do, it would not be as good as a decision made with multiple pieces of advice. This is due to the fact that with a lot of good information you can put it together and take the good parts from a the different pieces of advice and information and combine them into an even better solution to the problem. With one piece of advice, it is impossible to do that. Getting a second opinion is always a very smart decision, especially when you have to make a hard decision, that requires a lot of thinking.

In conclusion, I have shown some reasons out of many that show that getting multiple decisions is always the smart thing to do. Some reasons include that when just getting one opinion it may be a biased or bad piece of advice. Another reason is that when getting more advice you have more pieces of advice to choose from, making the decision better for yourself and the people around you. Finally, having more advice, the better the decision becomes, which is what the goal is, to make the best choice. Getting multiple opinions on a subject is the best way to go, because you will almost always make a better decision than when you did not get multiple pieces of advice.