The United States of America is constantly referred to as the "Land of the Free", but if

America really was the land of those who are free, why can't an American Citizen vote for their presidential candidate? It's ridiculous that people have to spend a day voting for a group of people who then will vote for the presidential candidate they want. It's a waste of time. The election should be changed to popular vote due to the fact that their is always the uncertainty of which presidential candidate the elector will ultimately choose, American Citizens don't get the option to have their political voices heard, and there is a lack of representation.

When the American citizen chooses the electors that are in favor of who they want, they have no idea whether or not the elector they choose will ultimately select the presidential candidate they want. As Bradford Plumer states in

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

, "Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and those electors could always defy the will of the people." There is no absolute guarantee that the elector selected will vote for that presidential candidate which is one of the many reasons that the electoral college could result in something disastrous.

It almost seems pointless to even have American Citizens vote. They do not vote for the presidential candidates of their choice. As written in paragraph 10 of

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

, "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, bur for a slate of electors who in turn elect the president." It's much simpler to just vote directly for the president that way it is easier to determine and makes so that every vote counts.

The electoral college does not fully represent every single citizen in a state. Richard A.

Posner in

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing a president

, that,"..the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carryint their state-Democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California." There are states that are mostly one certain political party, so of course they will want to vote for their party's presidential candidate. This causes the other party's vote to be practically irrelevant which will cause a person to not even bother voting.

The electoral college is outdated and should be changed. The popular vote represents every citizen fairly. It also is directly voting for the presidential candidate instead of voting for a group of electors that is just a waste of time. Popular vote eliminates the uncertainty that electors bring. Overall, popular vote is a winning situation for all of America and causes the title "Land of the Free" to actually apply and make sense.    