I believe students should design summer projects instead of teachers, what do you think? i believe so and here is why. Most students think more alike other students because most of them have the same knowledge than others but. That doesn't mean that the whole school will have students that could think like teachers. By all means this proves that there is a lower chance those students with high developed knowledge will be the ones doing the summer projects for others to complete. The students that do create some of the summer projects will make sure not to make them to hard or to easy that way the students doing them can surly keep learning during break without stressing about it. The students that make the summer project will also make them easier for there fellow classmates. Some of the students that are doing the summer project could be stressing about it but that also means they won't make it to difficult because they would want to get over with it already and focus on something else to get there minds distracting. So that we they cannot be thinking so much about school. As well as the students doing them won't stress as much about them because they'll know it's not to difficult and can do it any time during the summer, such being the last week or the last day so they can have all summer to them selves. Not having to think about school. When students aren't thinking about school that doesn't mean they're not learning it, just means they're trying to get there head off of something that highly stresses them about a lot of work or having to deal with for a long time and that's the only time they can get a break from it and not stress about school. The reason being of students doing them than instead of teachers they also won't have to do a lot of writing or work for starters. Students will be sure to not make them as long because they know what it feels like to get assigned a long and stressful assignment especially over the summer break that is the only time you actually get a break from school. Students also doing the assignments will help out teachers to also get a break and focus on other important related stuff they have as well. The students creating the summer projects can also be more open minded after doing them and grow they're knowledge as well as learning better and thinking of ideas more often for school. Teachers can review the students work and see how fine they do. The students who do well creating can continue to do so if they feel goo about themselves doing it for the other students that weren't so bright at it can give out ideas and help out the students doing them. I believe other schools and principals will be impressed by having a school with students creating they're summer projects and that is wonderful. I believe that having students create the summer projects is an outstanding idea for the community and school they will think of them differently and have a better picture of themselves. This argument has been good because it will open the eyes of many students and have them be brave enough to put themselves up for the challenge. If you believe students should create these summer projects instead of teachers write your own prompts to see what you guys have in mind. I think my argument is well stated and many teachers will surly think about letting it happen. Don't you believe so as well? Yes indeed you do.