To many students, extracurricular activities are the highlight of their school day. It lets them connect with their friends and meet new people. However, some students prefer to abstain from these forms of activities, as it may not completely align with the interests that they perceive. It is not fair to mandate extracurricular activities to students, as it invalidates a student's ability to choose what they do in their day-to-day life, and that not all students enjoy extracurricular activities. Schools have no jurisdiction in forcing children to participate in after-school activities, as they don't correspond with the academic goals of all students.

A large amount of students tend to stray away from extracurricular activities for a variety of reasons. They may not be interested in the roster of groups to join. They may prefer to be alone and work better as such. Schools have no authority to impede on the overall goals of an individual. It is the student's (and their family's) choice in what they are truly mandated to do. It is inhumane to take away one's right to choose their path they will follow. It is simply disgusting to impede on a child's right to make their own friends, and follow their own passions; passions that may not be included in a roster for after school groups. It is not fair as not all students enjoy participating in extracurricular activities.

We cannot generalize how much students enjoy after school activities. People have different preferences, and should be respected as such. The Board of Education has no right to mandate extracurricular activities, as they are not directly part of any academic subject. While they are in schools, they are separate entities and made to be optional, hence the name, "extracurricular". Not all students enjoy participating in these clubs and could overall hurt them many social aspects (e. g. forcing them into uncomfortable environments). In truth, many students enjoy not participating in extracurricular activities. What a child is mandated to do, that is not part of any academic institution, is up to the parents/guardians of said student.

In conclusion, schools don't attain authority to force people into groups and clubs. Especially they make it a required for academic success. This stretch of power impedes on a student's right to choose who they want to be, and what they want to do with their childhood. It invalidates students who don't enjoy an excess of social interaction. In truth, it is not up to schools to choose the path a student takes, but the student themselves.