this story is talking about in the german suburbs and how they live without cars. first they started to say that residents of the upscale community are suburban pioneers, going where few soccer moms are commuting executives have ever gone before. it is also saying that they have given up their cars, mostly i think that they have given up thier cars is to live in different place than most humans do and in the beginning of this story is telling you that they live in the suburbs and that the live in a good community. the people have given up thier cars just so they can live in a certain place to have better lives than any other german people.

the second story starts off saying that after days of near record pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. It also says that on monday motorists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave thier cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine. To me the govern ment is really trying to get more money because they probably think that they are not getting enough money so they have to act fast to any thing. People probably think that this is a law but it really is a money taking plan that can help get more money for the government of paris. paris is not really a poor town but the government is just trying to make the people of the town more broke then they are now.

car free day is something that most countries do to save gas and so called save the economy from breaking down and saving the air or the world. Because of pollution people thing that if they can stop cars for a certain day they will be able to go backe the next day and the world will be less polluted and the air will be better that it was before.

most people think that there can be an end to the car culture and that people will start using different machines than the cars that we use now and that there is possibly going to be a different world because of the air pollution

.

Things can mostly change where there is a lot of people and there can only be so much things that you can change.         