What a time to be alive, we have many new inventions that have changed our lifes for the good and for the fun of it. There is one new technological advancement that could change our lives entirely, the self driving car. The self driving car is a car that well does what it sounds like, it drives its self. Although there are many positive aspects for this new invention im here to talk about the bad. This new technological advancement should not be develped because, the driver would still have to be alert, if the technology fails who is to blame, and it is just to pricey.

It would suck if you were in a car that can drive itself but you still had to be there alert. The self driving cars requires you to be there constantly holding the wheel. If you are at the wheel aready why shouldnt you just drive the car yourself? Plus the car can only move no faster than 25mph. We tend to go faster than that so you might as well do it yourself. Also it would be like your waiting for your turn to drive. You would only be getting the car to drive in risky or dangerous situations. Lastly it would get boring waiting there in your car with your hands on the wheel.

Say you got into a crash, who is it to blame? You take your eyes off the road for a split secong and bang, your self driving car just crashed into another car. Is the fault yours or was it the cars? See if we make these cars we would have to make new laws on whos to blame. Also it wouldnt be safe for pedestrians and you. If the systems fail you could go crashing into something or someone without a warning. The best way to ensure someones safety is with a human driver behind the wheel.

Most people wouldnt even be able to afford a self driving car in the first place. If and when these cars come out, the average american wouldnt be able to afford it. With all that technology on and in the car it would most likely double the price of cars if not increase it drasticly. Also it will cost a lot of money to send up satillites in space to map our cities and countries. The money to send these up comes form us.

These are some of the reasons why we shouldnt make self driving cars, you would still have to be there sitting at the wheel alert in case something happens, who's fault would it be if you crashed, yours or the cars? Lastly the price to make, sell, and send up satillites in space would be to much. Also the best way to ensure someones safety is with a human driver behind the wheel not a computers.       