I agree with the option for kids to do online classes or courses rather than having to go to a classroom and go to school everyday. Being able to take these courses online are better and guaranteed for kids to pass the classes. This could also help them get a better understanding on the information. Online or video conferences are better for students because they dont have to worry about people joking on them for not understanding the information, this doesn't require parents to provide transportation for their kids, and also the kids can get a better understanding of the information from having a one on one conference.

Doing online classes or video conferences with teachers are very stress relieving to the students because every school has a bully in it. These bullies sometimes discourage students and bring them to a level where it could cause them to fail. These things can be prevented if the student does online classes. Online class are mostly by yourself or if you have a question you can video chat a teacher or your instructor if you have a question about something. Being able to prevent bullies from having other students feel bad about themselves or put them into a state of failure. Online classes can be so helpful to kids because if this can prevent bullying, this could increase out passing rates for students. This could help students in so many other ways other then passing.

Transportation is a big issue for most schools nowadays because we have schools that are short on bus drivers or dont have enough buses. Most parents get tired of the schools not doing anything about it and start taking there kids to school themselves. Online schools can prevent all the stress on the parents having to take their kids to school. This prevents parents from spending so much money on gas for their vehicles and also having to leave the house earlier so they are not late for work. All of the classes are online so there is no transportation that is needed for kids. Also gets rid of the worry that parents have on their kids when they are at school about not arriving home or the kids being lost. Online schools provides all kinds of things for students that would much rather be home learning then at school.

The main reason why kids should choose online school over public school is you get one on one teaching and most kids dont like to ask questions because they dont want people judging them. One one one teaching is so much better because the students dont feel that anxiety anymore about what people think of them and they can ask questions worry free. One on one teaching is also one of most recommended things to do when trying to learn something new or something the student doesnt understand because teachers can direct their attention to the student and clarify on things the student doesnt understand. Most of these teachers for online classes are very helpful, nice, and they will tell you if you ever on confused on something to video chat them or send them a text message and they will walk you through on how to do something or fix a problem that you have on a topic. In some cases these online teachers or instructors could not help you but you can always tell the company to find you a person that fits you and benefits you to understand the information better and be able to pass the course or class.

In Conclusion, I think online school is one of the best things that they have ever come out with. I think students should try the online school versus trying to learn and pass in public school. The reason kids flunk sometime is because of distractions and other people judging them. Online school eliminates all possibility of that becoming the cause of a student failing. Also is a stress reliever for parents because if they cant help their child then the child can go to the online school and ask to video chat a teacher or a professor. Online school is a really great thing to get into and by far the best idea they have ever came out with. I love the fact that you can do all of your work from home and you can do the work at your own speed or pace.