Nowaday, the world of technology is really big all around the world. People start to use technology for everything in their daily life. From their house, their school or work. Phone, laptop, computer, cars, etc. Each day a lot of inventors work hard to produce their invention to make the world better. Recently, iphone company just release a new iphone called iphone X that you can unlock the phone without using your finger, you can just look at the camera and the phone will recognize your face and open it for you. That is a really popular invention that everyone excited to buy and love to use. People create many new technology for it to communicate with humans like iphone X as an example. Thomas Huang professor of University of Illinois collaboration with Nicu Sebe professor of University of Amsterdam created a software called :"Facial Action Coding System." The software were created because Dr. Huang said that he want to develop better ways for huamsn and computers to communicate. The software can recognize humans emotions. Either, you happy, sad, fear or surprise, the computer just look at you and tell what is your feeling right the way. Because Dr. Huang is a professor at University of Illinois, beside the software he just look like every professior that have to go to class and teach. As many people know, not every time you attend the class you understand what the teacher teach you. Sometime you get bored, sometime you get confused or tired. But all of that emotions you are the only one that know about it. With that in mind, Dr. Huang wanted to bring the software to his class so he will know his lesson is actually go through students mind or not. He will know the time to change the topic to make student more productive, more happy and enjoy in his lesson. Not just only him, every teacher in the world need this sofware, everyone want their students to happy to learn. More happy you are, more focus you are in the class. The Facial Action Coding System is a valuable software for school that help teacher recognize students feeling and that can make the class better.

Here is how it works. According to the article "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like a human muscles" This show that, we can believe in the result of the software after its read the emotions. Because the computer created a model of the face, with all muscles that humans has. When you move your face the 3-D model of the face will form exactly the same as your face to help the software recognize what is that emotion. One of psychologist and creator of FACS that work with Dr. Huang is Dr. Paul Eckman has classified there are six basic emotions :"happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness." That is what emtions of a regular humans looks like. Either you happy because you got good grades, or anger because someone ate you ice cream that you save for a long time. They bring every emotions of humans in real life in the software to help help it easily recognize humans face. One of the example from the article is when your frontalis pars lateralis muscle (above your eyes) raises your eyebrows when you are surprised, or your orbicularis oris (around your moth) tightens your lips to show anger. The computer is really smart, just look to your face and form the 3-D it can easily show how mad you are, how sad you are. Even from the painting Mona Lisa of Leonardo da Vinci, the computer show she's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fear ful and 2 percent angry. You can see how smart it is. If you mad and angry or surprise at the same time, the computer will still know and point of the percent of each emotions. When you make a fake smile, the software still recognize it. According to the article "But in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius." You cannot lie to them, they already know exactly how you give them fake or real smile. Go back with Dr. Huang classroom. Why is FACS is a valuable software for study at school? Because when you are tired, bored or mad about something you cannot focus on the lesson or what the teacher or proffessor teach you. From that the computer will recognize your emotions and tell the teacher your feeling. Teacher cannot make you forget about your problems but they will create or find another way to make the class seem more fun or do more activities instead of just standing and read ore teach boring stuff that you don't care about. That's help you feel more comfortable, in that way when you feel happy and relax you can focus on your work more. All of the stuff that you learn will easily come to your brain and you will remember it.

The FACS is a great software for school. It can help teacher/professor a lots in their way of teaching students and from that students will focus more on the teaching time. Not just classroom, this could help many people around the world with whatever they do. Because sometime, humans being never tell anyone about their feeling, they just sad and angry but noone now about it. Using computer to communicate with them is a great ideas. Like an example in the article, when it recognize your emotions and know that you sad, it will find an ad or something funny that can make you laugh right the way. Since many people around the world using technology all the time, people should create more things that could help technology communicate with humans. Because it could help the world more modernized, help the people without family or friends feel better when they communicate with technology. Growth more technology will make the world better.   