JUST

imagine one day, of limiting the use of cars. It is true that people couldn't reach their destination as quick as they want to; however, there are beneficial advantages for limiting car usage. Such as, citizens having a much better time, less smog interrupting the oxygen, and the community might be better without vehicle culture.

INITIALLY

, one of the auspicious advantages of limiting car usage is citizens having a much better time. To illustrate my point, in Bogota, Columbia, they've launched a campaign in the mid-1990's called the Car-free day. Columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during work, leaving the streets of the capital city to ellude the traffic jams. Also in result of the Car-free day campaign, parks and sport centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.

IN ADDITION

, less smog interrupting the oxygen is another benefit to limiting car usage. To explain my reasoning, Paris has banned the privelage of driving due to smog. Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals. Diesel fuel was blamed, since France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Diesel make up 67 percent of vehicles in France, compared to a 53.3 percent average of diesel  engines in the rest of western europe, according to Retuters.

FURTHERMORE

, the community might be better without vehicle culture. To explain, President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the united states' greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will gety a fortuitous assist from an incipient shift in American behavior: recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by.

ALL IN ALL

, there can be auspicious advantages to limiting car usage because of citizens having a much better time, less smog interrupting the oxygen, and the community might be better without vehicle culture. Some people may say that cars get you to your destination faster; however, it may be all for the better.    