According to a Gallup poll taken shortly after Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters prefer a direct election over the electoral college. Electors could always defy the will of the people. Candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning. The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The abolishment of the electoral college will make choosing a president less difficult and allow the people to make their own choice.

In the article, In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President, written by Richard A. Posner, the Electoral College is widely regarded as belonging to the past and not being able to fit the present. In 2000, when Gore had more popular votes than Bush yet fewer electoral votes, Bush took the presidency, despite popular demand. Voters can't always control who their electors vote for. They sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate.

With a winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state. According to The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong, written by Bradford Plumer, with the even number of total votes of electors there is a chance there can be a tie between the number of electors that chose each president, in that case the House of Representatives would vote on the president. This would make the state of Wyoming with a single representive representing 500,000 voters have as much say as the 55 representatives in California who represent 35 million voters. The House's selection can hardly be expected to reflect what the people want.

On the off-chance that the electors you voted for won the statewide election, they would go to Congress and who they elect would get the electoral votes. Anyone not holding public office can be an elector. The electors get choosen depending on the state they represent. The whole election process would be easier if the voters were able to directly state who they want to elect.                      