Have you ever wanted to be a Seagoing Cowboy? Well, you should because there are lots of different cultures and place to see along the way. Plus, you get to help people. You also get to do things you may do at home.

There are so many different places to go when you are Seagoing Cowboy. The places I have gone are Europe, China, and many other places. You can also see famous places in the country that you are in. I had the chance to see the Acropolis in Greece. Another thing I got to do was take a gondola ride in Venice. That was so beautiful and amazing! I've seen and done many other things such as a tour through the excavated castle in Grete; also the Panama Canal on my way to China. There are so many places to go; plus you get to help people on the way.

Besides, going many different places and seeing lots of extordinary artifacts you get to help people on the way. It was so fun meeting new people and getting to be a part that changes their life. There are many different ways to help somebody but when you are a Seagoing Cowboy you make a big change in someones day or whole life. It made me more aware of people in other countries and their needs. That awareness is never going to leave my thoughts either. I will always remember the time when I was a hero! Also just because there are serious time doesn't mean there aren't fun times too.

There are times when you have to be serious and help or do the best of your abilities, but there are times when you can play games. The coyboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. We also played table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling. In addition, the games also helped pass time in our long journies.

The reason I like being Seagoing Cowboy is all the different things you get to see and learn about on the way. Another reason I like to be a Seagoing Cowboy is the people I met, and the people I helped change their life in a good way. Plus you get to do the things you normally might do at home. That is why you should become a Seagoing Cowboy!