Throughout the duration of time, education has been a prime characteristic of the structure of society. As time progressed, the education system has changed such that it is more ideal for people in society. For example, in the early 1900s, the idea of summer breaks was introduced in the American education system. A summer break can be defined as a time in which students and teachers in the public education system get a 2-3 month grace period of not attending school. During this time, there is a common trend for teachers assign homework for students to complete for the next annual school year. Although some may argue that these summer assignments should be designed by students, summer assignments must be teacher designed because the teacher knows the content better than a student, it retains the student's memory efficiently, and students are prepared for the next academic year.

Summer assignments must be teacher designed so that the memory of the student is exercised and retained. It is very common for students to become lazy over the summer; by making summer assignments student created, there is entitlement for students to create a summer assignment in which there is not much efficiency or work, for the sole purpose of being lazy over summer vacation. Although, if the teacher created the summer assignment, this allows for the teacher to create an efficient assignment that will properly teach the content. In addition, it holds the student accountable to do efficient and beneficiary work so that their memory stays retained. Retaining a student's memory is needed because it is important that students remember everything from the last school year to help them in the upcoming one. If assignments are student designed, an inefficient assignment will most likely be created due to students not wanting to do any work over the break. By doing this, the student's memory will most likely not be retained because their brain is not thinking the same as it would be if the assignment was teacher designed. This can be seen as a negative ideal. For example,

Science Daily reported that the common student will loose 33 percent of their memory during the summer break if not exercised. By giving a teacher made assignment, the brain will be exercised properly which will lead to less significant or no memory loss.

It is ideal to make the summer assignments teacher designed because the teacher has knowledge of the content that will be in the class. This is important because the teacher will know what exactly to put on the assignment because he/she can make students practice important topics and/or common weak points that students have with the content. If the assignments are student designed, they wouldnt know what to put on the assignment since they dont teach the class. Then, therefore, wouldnt be able to efficiently make an assignment because students are not aware of weak points that need to be practiced, and/or important topics in the content. In addition, by making the summer assignment designed by teachers, teachers are able to give students a background as to what the content and structure of the class will be like since they teach it. If assignments were to be student designed, they wouldnt know how to efficiently make a summer assignment because they wouldnt have the amount of knowledge about the class that the teacher exhibits. Students don't teach the class, so they don't have an idea of how the class will be taught and how the content will look like. Furthermore, summer assignments that are teacher assigned can be seen as beneficial. For example, in the memoir

"I Am Malala",

Malala, a 15 year old girl describes her summer break, and explains to her readers how she uses her summer assignments that are teacher designed to better understand the content and stay ahead of the class.

By making the assignment teacher designed, the academic life of the student has a bright start for the future. During the school year, students are used to a 7 hour work period. Although work amount is changed drastically over the summer, it is important that students are given teacher made assignments because students are used to teacher made assignments already; so why change the structure for the summer? If students were to make the assignments, it would ruin the routine that students are already used to. By making the assignment teacher designed, it allows the teacher to help get the student ready for the upcoming year, and also getting them back into the baseline work routine that the common student is used to. It also allows students to see how the next year school year will look like and what to expect. This allows a higher success rate and prepares students, because they have more time to get ready and what to expect. In fact, many students enjoy teacher made summer assignments. For example, in a survey conducted at Generic_School in Generic_City Virginia, the student body took a vote on if they enjoyed summer assignments. 57 percent of the students said they didnt mind summer assignments, while the other 43 percent were against them. The general consensus is that making summer assignments teacher made will help students for the future.

Making summer assignments teacher created is important for all students. This is because the teachers know what to put on it, the students are prepared for future, and students' memory will be in tact. Teachers have experience with students and the topic, so they will know what to put on the assignment. Students will be prepared for the future because they know what to expect content wise since the teacher made it. By making the summer assignment teacher made, students will not have the option to be lazy and will be held accountable to do efficient work over the summer period. 