Dear state senator,

"It can be argued that the

Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying thier state-Democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California. Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote.... But of course no voter's vote swings a national election, and in spite of that, about on-half the eligible American population did vote in [2012's] election. Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election...."-

"paragraph 23" "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep out despised method of choosing the president"-by Richard A. Posner

If the president was elected by popular vote then the voting would truly be up to the people and not electoral votes given to each state. that puts a limit on it. If the president was choosen by a popular vote then it would be more of a demacratic society like we are expose to be. A Electoral college is not democratic at all the people aren't voting for the president directly and they dont even use the peoples votes in the count. If they do they count it less then they do when the state representitives elect the president. the only true way to see "what the people want" is by switching to only a popular vote: it is ran by the people, voted by the people, based by the people. haven't you ever heard the term " Give the people what they want."? Well what are we waiting for? It's time to change our voiting systems and fast before we hit a whole in the Electoral College. The constitution states "We the People", what happened to the people when it comes to voting, we get to vote but we aren't voting for the president (directly) like they have the U.S. citizens thinking. We are voting for someone to hopefully vote for our choice. My only question to you senator is, why hasn't the Electoral College been abolished yet? The people even know that their vote will have no effect right now, like it says in paragraph 23, source 3 "knowing their vote will have no effect." Last I checked the peoples vote is expose to have the whole effect... thank you for you time senator. I hope to see changes soon!!             