Reading Faces

Imagine you are sitting in history class, and all of a sudden you start to fall asleep. You start to nod off because you are learning boring old history, when all of a sudden the lesson changes its tone to be more interesting. In return you do not fall asleep, and you learn plenty of new information. This technology is called Facial Action Coding System, and it should be used in the classroom. If this technology is used it will lead to less boredom, more engagment, and a general improvment in the school's atmosphere.

Firstly, this technology can be used to make school less boring. With this technology installed it would be able to detect when you are bored, and be able to change the lesson in order to make it less boring. This can lead to more learning being accomplished, because teachers would not have to spend time reteaching a subject. History is not boring, and if a computer could make history appealing to students then it should be practiced. People who oppose this technology may say that it is not advanced enough to detect human emotions. In rebuttle, "The software is the latest innovation from Prof. Thomas Huang, of the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science at the University of Illinois, working in collaboration with Prof. Nicu Sebe of the University of Amsterdam. Dr. Huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate." (D'Alto)

Secondly, this technology can be used to increase the student's engagement in the school. If a student is excited to learn new information, then they are engaged. If students are activily engaged with their learning they will do better in school. With students preforming better in school it could lead to an improvement in life, and to the advancement of the human race. American schools are also lagging behind thier counterparts, and this increase in engagment would benifit the American Educational System.

Thirdly, this technology can be used to improve the general environment of the school. Everybody goes through rough patches in their life, and sometimes students want to talk to administrators. Even if a student talks to an adult, they do not always tell the truth. With Facial Action Coding System they will be able to tell if you a telling the truth. For example "Meanwhile, muscles called oribicularis oculi pars palpabraeus make crow's-feet around your eyes. But in a false smile, the mouth is streched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius." (D'Alto) This would enable the teachers to know what is going on, and be able to help you best.

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System should be used in the classroom. The technology would lead to less boredom in school, more engagment in school, and an improvment in the school's atmosphere. All of these factors would not only improve schools in America, but schools throughout the world. Our world is constantly becoming more based on technology, and the children of the world are our future. Should we not teach them in the best way possible? 