The progression in the development of driverless cars is not a recomendable idea and would do more harm than good for drivers. With self-driven cars, drivers would become lazy and unfocused in their driving. The development of such cars would not only pose threat at every turn for the passengers of a car, but would also deprive drivers everywhere of basic driving skills and knowledge.

The main reason that driverless cars would be a danger to society is simply that they are electric, and malfunctions occur in technology frequently. It is stated in paragraph 7 that the vehicles would be equipped with "driver's seats that vibrate" or "flashing lights on the windshield" to warn the driver of upcomming terrain that the car would not be able to maneuver on its own. The problem in this is that if a battery were to go out in the flashing lights or the vibrating seats malfunctioned, the driver would not be alerted of the forthcoming danger, and a crash would be innevitable.

Another threat posed by the innovative vehicles is the driver becoming too comfortable in the vehicle. When the driver places all of his trust into an electronic to keep him safe, he loses his focus and edge needed to be prepared for potential dangers on the road ahead. If another car or other unexpected object, such as a deer, were to pull out infont of an electronic vehicle suddenly and without warning, the chances of said vehicle stopping on its own are slim to none. In paragraph 8, "in-car entertainment" is promised to "'interpret the fun of driving in a new way'". Including in-car entertainment to drivers is doing nothing but promoting distracted driving. It is included in the article that this form of entertainment would be safer than texting and driving because the system would shut itslef off when the driver of the car was needed. This claim leaves a great amount of room for error, such as the fact that people often fall asleep while watching a show or movie because they feel relaxed, so it is innevitable that this would also happen to a driver being distracted. A self-driven car would be promotting laziness and unawarness in drivers and would lead to more crashes because of this.

The development of a driverless car is not a logical idea for numerous reasons. Drivers would be more likely to become distracted from the road and from doing their job as a driver in a car that only partially required their attention. A self-driven car would be unreliable and unsafe to the driver, passenger(s), and others around the car. Cars were designed to be driven by a driver, and manufacturing them to be driven by themselves is encouraging people to place their trust and safety into something that is not dependable and reliable. To conclude, producing a vehicle that is self-driven will promote drivers being lacidasical and unfocused, and will thus lead to more crashes and failures on the road. 