What do think of extracurricular activities? Usually they are programs or activities outside of work or school. In this case it's school and, not all students like doing them because they don't like to interact with others or they don't have an interest for it. Some schools require extracurricular activities and I agree because it's a chance to have new hobbies and friends.

To start, by doing extracurricular activities you can discover new hobbies. Some students are required to do extracurricular activities and have found a new hobby or interest doing so. I believe it is a good thing because by having new hobbies they can also discover new career paths to go along with it. Therefore, when a student decides to get a job or when they graduate they might have some experience in that area due to the extracurricular activities. Students could also use these hobbies in their everyday life or even boost their confidence in something like SCA. However, some of these extracurricular activities are not all hobbies but, long-term thing like sports. Sports can be a good way to boost confidence and how social a student is in public, at home, and school.

Lastly, doing activities outside of school is also a great way to make friends. Activities such as sports, SCA, or any hobbies can be a good way to spark new friendships. These friends could be long or short-term but, by having friends can produce more interacting with others and more participation in extracurricular activities. The only downside is, horsing around or being engaged in conversation while participating in activities. However, students who are not very social with others could make friends an have someone to support them when they need it. This could also benefit others participating because they could engage in conversation, depending on the activities, and have the opinion of that students.

Overall, by doing activities outside of school students could discover new hobbies and make new friends. Extracurricular activities are not only good for what they are meant to be but, for boosting parts of a persons personality that might be low. So, next time think of an extracurricular activity as a good way to start something new.