With the rise of technology attending classes from home, by video conferencing and/ or online, would benefit students tremendously. Although face to face teaching would allow student to obtain more hands on learning, schools should offer students the option of distance learning because it would accommodate to student's needs and personal lives, result in better class attendance, and allow students to learn at their own pace.

To begin, allowing students the opportunity to attend class from home would lead to better class attendance. This option does not only benefit the students but the school as well. Schools are commonly ranked by their attendance levels of students, with this program it would boost the school's entire reputation. Students would benefit because in instances where a student has to miss school due to difficult situations, such as an illness or family issues, and are unable to come everyday would give the opportunity to attend school without being in the facility. Students may also have difficulty making the commute to the school building everyday, with the option of distance learning students who may live greater distances from the school building will still be able to get their education without traveling becoming an obstacle. Due to these reasons, schools should offer the option of distance learning to all students.

Additionally, with the option of distance learning would accommodate to student needs. Many students find distractions like loud noises and talking very disruptive, making it unable for these students to properly learn and pay complete attention to what is being taught. Therefore, for these students to have the option to learn from home would let these students get the most out of the education. As well as, this program would work with the hectic schedules of students and their families. Letting students, even through activities and extracurriculars be able to access school work without having to deal with pounds of make up work and tutoring sessions afterwards. Making it much easier for students to maintain their personal priorities while receiving an education. In conclusion, with the accommodation to students needs will make adolescent education more accessible.

Furthermore, distance learning would help students learn at their own pace. Nobody has the same learning patterns as their fellow classmates, so distance learning will make it eligible for students to work at separate tempos to accommodate their preferences. Like previously stated, with students working at different speeds, at home working will decrease the distractions students face while trying to study and take notes. Overall, learning, via video conferencing or online, would help students more likely understand learning materials and work to their needs.

In conclusion, distance learning would be a great addition to any school system because of the accommodation to student needs, allowing students learn at their own pace, and maintaining higher class attendance. These benefits would improve students academic scores and how much students grow in their education. Distance learning could make it much easier for a student to excel in life and aim higher in their academic goals.