If you were a teacher trying to teach a class with over 20 people with different emotions, how efficent would it be to know how all of them feeling? You can do that with FACS (Facial Action Coding System), created by Dr. Pail Eckman. This system classifys 6 basic emotions. It can sense happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. This is good for teacher who dont understand how their student are feeling about the assignment they assigned.

Dr. Huang, says in paragraph four, "The facial expressions for each emotion are universal." He says, " even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression." Using video imagery, the emotion-recongnition software tracks these facial movements on a real face or even a picture. The author uses an example of the Mona Lisa painting by Leonardo da Vinci. They used the emotion-recongnition on the painting and it showed how Mona Lisa was feeling. It not only looks at how your smiling or how your eye are placed, it also looks at the structure of ur face and how your muscles move.

This creation can help lots of teacher all around the world understand and help students learn more efficently. Every single student learns differently and using this system will help teacher use their teaching time wisely. When student dont understand somthing this system can scan your face and tell the teacher what needs to be fixed to help the student understand and enjoy what they are learning.

Instead of teachers trying to help one student at a time they can help multiple students at once.

You can also use FACS not only in school but other places too. You can use it in work and also in everyday life if you wanted too. In paragrah nine the author talks about a renowned drama coach, Constantin Stanislavsky. He had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage. Just making different faces can revel a lot about the science of emotion.

FACS is the next big thing. Science has gone to a whole new level in helping our society. Using this system can help all kinds of people in different ways. I think this can help our world grow and learn new things. 