In this day and age of society, most students that attend middle or high school revolve around electronics. This is something that I think should change because some students prioritize using electronics over socializing with other classmates or friends. I agree with my principal, and I think that a student must participate in one or more extracurricular activity.

Participating in one or more after school activity in my opinion is a great way to socialize with new people, and make some new friends. Playing sports for example builds you as a team player, and helps you have a stronger connection with your team mates. I am currently training for freshman football at Generic_School for next year. Some of my friends and I go to Generic_School and work out in the weight room together, giving us a feeling of support from one another. During training, we are listening to music while we help each other out with the workouts we are supposed to do. While at workouts, we also get to know some of the JV and Varsity players who attend Generic_School currently. Doing football was a great Idea because of the strong bond I now have with my friends and the current high school players. When we have away games, we all take the bus to go to the other schools, and on the bus, we all talk and prepare our selves for those games. If you don't participate in a sport, general activities are great to socialize in too. Last year, I chose an activity which was out of my comfort zone, tennis. In tennis, I was in a group of about 7 or 8 other kids who I didn't know at all. But when I get showing up to the practices, and I kept making an effort to befriend the other kids, it ended up working out for the better. I got to make new friends and become good at the sport.

Participating in an extracurricular activity is also a great way to have fun. Even if the activity you want to participate in isn't a sport, you can always have some fun in an activity that interests you. Having fun for just an hour or so usually brings anyone's day up to a better mood. I participated in the yearbook committee in 6th grade at Generic_School and it was a great experience. I would have so much fun hanging out with all my friends while we were designing the yearbook and taking pictures for it. Now, even though the yearbook committee wasn't my first choice for my extracurricular activity, it was still really fun in the long run. I also played recreational league soccer in 5th and 6th grade. At the start of every season, our teams would switch players meaning I would have new teammates every time. This was a great way to have fun with different people and cooperate with them as a group. After every one of those activities, I would leave with a smile on my face, and just being there for that one hour made my whole day better.

Extracurricular activities can also teach you a lot of new things. Yes, doing an extracurricular activity is fun and all, but you end up learning a lot. In the yearbook committee, I learned how to upload pictures onto a document, how to format the pages to have rows of pictures, and to decorate the pages with cool designs. In football, I learn the different types of positions to play, the different playing styles of other players, the different positions to play, and I also learn how to train properly to play the best I can possibly play. In soccer, I also learned different techniques on how to be the best player I can be. Some activities teach you more than let you have fun, but if you like the subject it is on, than it, again, is a great thing to do. I think learning while you are also having fun is one of the best things in life because it is always good to learn, but it also depends on how you are being taught.

In conclusion, doing an extracurricular activity benefits you more than anyone else. They teach you good things, you have fun while participating, and you get to socialize with your friends and potentially make new ones. This is why I agree with the principal, and I think we should do at least one.    