Very often, kids attending public school leave for online classes. Many judge them thinking that they are stupid for "dropping out", but that is not be the case at all. In fact, it is actually a smarter decision to take an online course. Students would benefit because of the ability to set their own class schedule, the extra time to pursue their own interests, and the far more individualized learning than what is offered in the classroom.

At the end of each summer, public school students are assigned their fate. If they are given AP calculus first period, then they will have to deal with that for the next 9 months of their life with no ability to change it.

In online classes, students can choose what time best suites them. If someone learns best at 7PM, then they can take a class then. Or if someone learns best with large breaks in between classes; they can choose to set up their schedule like that. This would in turn, accomplish what public schools have tried to do for years: increase the retention of information, help students comprehend a subject, and make test scores higher. Being able to choose their own schedule, students are also more passionate about learning.

As a kid I would sometimes suddenly get the urge to clean my entire house on my own will. But when my mom would tell me to clean, I would lose the passion completely. The same is for public school!

The fact that a random algorithm dictates a students day is actually sickening. If students get to choose how their own day goes, they are obviously more inclined to participate in it.

Being locked away for 6 hours in school, students extracurricular activities are limited to only a few options. You could do a sport after school and maybe a club on top of that, but anything more is going to be an impossible workload. However, online classes are taken at home! Students are not confined to the rules of a school day; they have the option to pursue many more non school related activities. Instead of sitting bored in study hall, they can take a shift at work. Instead of relearning the same topic for the tenth time, they can be practicing their favorite instrument. Instead of getting yelled at for being late to class, they can be rushing to their internship interview. Think about how much potential is wasted because students dont have that much free time. Im not saying that everyone is destined to become the next Elon Musk, but being able to have more freedom as a teen will create a more experienced and prepared adult.

At one time or another we have all had our hand raised in class for five minutes, but never have gotten called on. And because that teacher was focused on other students, you didnt get a good grade on your test. Students enrolled in online classes never have this problem because there is time set aside to call teachers and ask them for help. Although you can visit a teacher early in the morning or during study hall, half of the time the teacher is still busy with something. Maybe a sudden meeting they forgot about, or another student needing help at the same time you do. This problem is never the case with online schools. Because the teacher is at home, there is nothing stopping the student from getting the help that they need.

It is clearly a good option to take classes from home. It provides an option for many kids to set up a schedule that fits their goals, workpace, and values. 