Have you ever woke up one morning and thought "man I want to do my classwork on my bed" No? me either but I sure do think it is a good idea and let me tell you why. Students have been given the chance to work from home; instead of working in a classroom. Today I will explain why I believe students should be able to stay home instead of working from school. First reason would be you will be able to work at your own pace. For example whenever you have a test/quiz during school there is a time limit and you don't really focus while working on your test/quiz you focus more on the timing but, if you were working from home you would be able to work your pace with no worries about a bell ringing when your still on question 1. But if you were to work from home you would be able to cheat on the test or not even focus on it you could be watching TV while doing the test and that isn't the best choice but, there are ways to avoid that. Second Reason I would say is avoiding illnesses that could affect the whole school. Students do have signs almost everywhere telling them keep the school a clean place, wash your hands before stepping out the bathroom, and to keep your hands to yourself. But, sadly some students don't do that ; Now that the corona virus came out everyone is starting to be more clean but not really everyone but if you were home you wouldn't really have to worry about catching anything to make you sick unless one of your family members is really sick otherwise your good because in school theres like 1,000 or more people imagine how many germs are in the air. Not saying school is the cleanest place but our janitors do clean up after us everyday for it not to be clean but I just wouldn't believe it because there are still students that don't cover their nose/mouths when they sneeze or cough and you wouldn't have a problem if you were home. Last but not least my third reason would be less anxiety about school. As a junior I noticed many people have anxiety when it comes to school you worry about your looks, If you are smart enough, the way you say certain things I could go on with what students go through now a days people enjoy judging others even with not knowing them so it is hard to not have anxiety in school especially high school but at home you wouldn't really have to be worried or stressed about that you can be your own motivator your own hype man because no one is perfect. Now i'm not 100% sure about staying home and doing class from there would work out because not all students have the same mindset some like being in school because the teacher pushes them to do their work we all need a little push in life also some students can get away with so much from home if they were do a assignment or test you can just easily search up the answers. Some of my friends have done that when their teachers post things on Google classroom they don't usually do it themselves but, at the same time there is much benefits from working at home then in school not only do you get to sleep more but you also get to basically do your thing but your own way. Students working at home can make a student independent instead of being dependent on their teachers. As a student it is honestly up to you to go to class and to focus on what you are being taught it shouldn't be your teachers job to make you go to class everyday yes we all need a push in life but not every person is going to help you out you have to be independent most times. Students should work from home because in the real world not everything is going to be handed to you.