Why does people intend to ask multiple people for an advice? Asking more than one person for an advice is usually better than asking one person, because asking one person does not have enough evidence than asking for more than one person. Some people ask multiple people to see which of the advice is said a lot more. That way, the people that ask, knows which advice is better to use and which advice is true.

One example of people asking multiple answer or advice is Steve Harvey from the show 'Family Feud'. The crew and Steve, go around the city and ask more than multiple people for their answer to a specific question. Steve usually says "We ask 100 men or women". That is Steve Harvey asking multiple people for an answer to one question. Why do you think Steve did that? Well he did that to see which answer is the most said and use it for the number one answer.

I usually ask more than one person for an answer to see which one of the answer is said the most. Some people might say, the answer is C and some people might say the answer is D. That is very confusing to me since there is 2 answers and the question only allow me to picked one. So what i did was, i asked 2-4 people and see which answer they said the most. What i got was 3 people picking the answer C and 1 person picking the answer D. In this case more people chose the answer C than D, so i picked the answer C.

Asking for more than one person is a good thing because it can help someone to make a better choice. Some people may be shy to ask multiple people, but sometimes it can make you get a better answer. Some people are made to help each other. Try asking and see if they answer, if they don't answer, then ask another person for an answer. Asking 1-3 people is not a bad thing, but asking a few more people is better so that you know which answer really is the best.

In conclusion, asking multiple people can help you make a better choice. Asking multiple people is also good for an advice. If you are a mean person and you need an advice on how to be a better person, than the best way is to ask more than one person on how to be a better person. Some people may not believe this is true because they haven't experience it in their life. Asking multiple people is the best way to get an answer to any question you may have.              