Dear Principal,

There has been an issue all over America with students bringing cell phones to school. You have been considering two possible policies for the school. Policy 1 is to allow students to bring there phones to school and use them during their free time but not during classes. And policy 2: is to not allow them to bring there phones to school at all. The two policies are very good but, I would go with policy 1. Only because teenagers love there cell phones and if you had policy they would bring phones to school anyway. Secondly they could use there phones for school.

Cell phones are pretty much a teenagers life. If you told a teenager to not bring their phone to school, I can guarantee you that they will. Cell phones keep evolving into more modern ones with new technology, so each kid will ask for the newest phone out there. Policy 1 is best for the school because the kids can use there phones to talk to there parents or use them at lunch. They can call and texts friends during lunch and go on the internet to have fun and maybe go on facebook or a social networking site.

Secondly, teenagers can bring their phone to school to use it for math or conversions for science. This will eliminate the use of calculators that each school needs to buy for the students. This will also eliminate the use of reference sheets when taking a test. Cell phones can help students with their school work and home work. As I said before the new modern cell phones have internet. So they can go on to homework. com to get help with what they need.

Lastly, If a students needs to know which parent is picking them up from school or if they need to take bus, they're going to need their cell phone to call them. If they have a question during school hours they can call or text a friend or maybe even a teacher that can help him or her. Cell phones can do anything now an days so they can use the internet on their phone to help them with something during lunch.

In conclusion, teenagers should have their cell phones during school hours but not on during classes. The kids can use their cell phone to help them with math or science. And they can call or text a friend for help. Policy 2 will only make the kids disobey the policy and you. This is why you as the principal should choose policy 1. Thank you for your time and have a good day.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME      