The culture of the cars is a easier way of transportation for the people, yet do the people know that these cars are space consumers and cause smog in most areas of the world. By just reducing the amount of cars invarious locations the amount of space would increase the therefore make town or city more accessable for the large population. this change of culture may benifit the population by just having the public transportation and biking.

To begin with the space comsuming in suburbs makes it hard most people make a living in the tight area and having the certian parking areas may be the only way to have the space needed to get to where they need to be, yet its all timed. this makes people more tense when they had to worry of a parking spot. The people in Germany weren't allowed to park the sides of the road and have drive ways unless they payed an extra $40,000 along with a home. As said the text Vaban, had completed a trend of separating the car use from the surburban life, this is what they called the 'smart planning'. Aslo to include that other areas of the world such as Beijing, China, has to worry more the amount of smog polluting their air and making people ill. In Paris, France, diesel fuel was blamed for the pollution because most of the cars were made up of this fuel. they were rank the most polluted area comparedto other locations. Therefore to reduce the amount of the complaints of the lack of space and pollution the want to either rid of the cars or just buy more plug-in-cars and hybrids for cleaner air.

Not to mention, that in Bogota, Colombia they completely banned the cars from their country for a day to promote an alternative transportation and reduce the smog. the voilators are faced $25 fines. As said the text, the stress level has dropped and therefore has madeit easier for the people to more around and not get so aggrevated. The authorities from other countries came to the event to see what they had in store for the this program, and as said in the text the authorites say that "these people are generating a revolutionary change and this is crossing borders. And in the United States, President Obama has "ambtious goals to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions" Americans are buying fewer cars and are getting fewer licenses. By creating a new network that has the pedestrains have bicycles, private cars and commercial and public transportation. this to show time saved, conserved resourses, lower emissions and improve safety. by not just completly getting rid of cars but just reducing it, it may help them to have more smooth system.

To conclude this, the culture of cars has been a issue for someyears and in some areas very diificult to handle therefore they have created a more effiecent way to make life easier for most people. the world has to reduce the smog and increase the space for more compact living and larger populations. By not to get rid of the culture car completly but to just reduce it can be benificial to the people and the world.                     