Driverless cars are the future for daily travel. Driverless cars have a great potential for the future, they have been on the rise of development and new and more productive ways are being introduce to make the cars. These cars are the future for travel because of their ability to copy the skill of human drivers, their potential for new ways of being made, and for the ability to let the driver take charge of the situation.

Driverless cars have been devoleped to be able to copy the ability of human drivers through multiple sensors and laser technology. In the article its stated "...far better response and control than a human driver could manage" the article is talking about the advancement in just the brakes of cars, with the technology already presented, cars that are able to copy the skills of humans and possibly even have more skill and control of the road than humans already do. Sensors along the car allow the car to view the streets and obstacules like a human does, and the addition for even more sensors just expanes the vision of a car, allowing the car to have more knowledge of the street and possible dangers that are ahead.

New technologies are always being manufactured and produced, as well as the advancement of driverless cars. Some cars that are in the market or in the road now even have the technology to warn the driver of any potential dangers, traffic, and many others. In the text it talks about how smart roads were a possiblity for the advancements of cars, that still may be possible with the advancements being made in sensors and radio wave technology. Smart streets and smart cars can work together to develop the future for everyday travel.

As advanced cars can become and how extraordinary then can be, humans with always be needed. Modern day cars now have the potential for being perfectly driverless, but still need the help of humans to help the car manuver itself through tricky areas. Smart cars now a days just don't the technology for the perfection of driverless driving, but they're still be to function without the need for a driver over must normal areas. Cars that aren't able to go ahead without the help of a human driver have the technology to warn or advice the driver for when to to be alert and ready to drive, as stated in the text "In 2013, BMW announced the development of Traffic Jam Assistant".

Driverless cars will greatly change the future, and everyday travel. The ideas and advancements in the car industry will make that possible. Driverless cars will be the step that takes us into the future of this world, by their ability and technology to be able to copy the skills of humans, as well as their potential for how they are constructed and made and the new technologies that are invented , and the option to let the driver actually take control of the car whenever need, these are all the advancements and ways that driverless cars will be the future of everyday travel. As the world progresses driverless car will be a daily part of life then. 