The Electoral College has made everything easier on people. They keep votes fair, clear and concise and make them uncomplicated. Although there are some against the idea, the benifits outweigh the detriments immensly.

Bradford Plumer author of "

The Indefensible Electoral College

" insists that "the electoral college is unfair to voters"(source 2 paragraph 13). This is surely an opinion as he is just trying to deride the Electoral College. However majority of states vote in favor of the Electoral College anyway. It gives a simple vote to people and produces a clear winner. Also he states that "the House's selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people."(p.12) He thinks that one representitive cant speak for his region, but thats why they vote right? He represents the majority supplimenting a clear representation of his state/region.

Also Collumist Richard Posner implies that the Electoral College has "a presidential canidate [that has] trans-regional appeal" (Source 3 paragraph 19). So the presidential cannidate can be based off a full region or more, not just a few states. This makes the vote obvious and is a more fair vote. Also the Office of Federal Register tells us there are 538 electors with a 270 majority int the Electoral College(Source 1 paragraph 3). Not only is there great variety present but with many votes they make the result concise.

Not only is the Electoral College making votes concise and fair, also it is currently working. Bradford Plumer states "The electoral college is...outdated"(Source 2 paragraph 14). How can it be so obsolete if it is presently working out. The Electoral College is giving the vote meaning and depth in that it gives voters the choice of president and his electors. The Office of the Fedral Register informs us "You help choose you state's electors when you vote for your president"(Source 1 paragraph 6). This gives the voters more voting power as the get to help choose other things in goverment.

Even though there are many counter-claims, the benifits surely outweigh the detriments. Its nearly a perfect system. The fair, multifarious choices, and clear voting of the Electoral college proves it deserves it's stay in the goverment.    