Car horns are blasting through the busy streets, alongside the yelling and the stress of getting to work on time. The fact you have to hear the noises while trying to get to work creates even more stress, or maybe some anxiety. This does not seem like an ideal place to be, right? Well, in reality, this is how Miami is most of the time, along with the increasing heat from air pollution, of course. But can there be a way to stop some of these situations from happening so frequently? Actually, there could be. If we were to limit car usage in the United States, or at least Miami, it could help us prosper as a city and as people.

To start off with, the trend of having a car or a license is decreasing these days. In "The End of Car Culture," it says: "But America's love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling" (Source 4). Why is that? It could be because the younger generation is not as interested as getting their license. In the excerpt from "The End of Car Culture," it states: "A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent beween 2001 and 2009" (Source 4). Meaning, that young adults in the United States are not piling into the DMV just to get a license. Also, this trend is not only in America. Other places around the world are also limiting car usage. Thus, showing that this is a goal that can be achieved at this day and age.

In addition, it relieves stress and air pollution. For example: in "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars," Heidrun Walter, who is said to be a media trainer and a mother of two who lives in Vauban, Germany, says, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" (Source 1). Which shows that some people like the lifestyle of limiting car usage. Also, this could be used to alleviate air pollution, which can stress some people out. For instance: in the excerpt from "Paris bans driving due to smog," it mentions this interesting fact," After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clean the air of the global city" (Source 2). Which, you can imagine, would stress people out for the first few weeks, but since we can adapt to new environments, it can become part of our daily life. To add to, the excerpt also said, "Congestion [car traffic] was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog... The smog cleared enough Monday..." (Source 2). Also, in "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota," it says:" the goal is to promote alternaive transportation and reduce smog" (Source 3). What does that mean? It means that after limiting car usage, it also helped clear up the smog that surrounded Paris and it helped in Bogota as well. This can actually help us achieve our goal of trying to stop air pollution. Hence, it will also help us emoionally and globally.

In conclusion, limiting car usage would be a good idea so we can decrease the numbers in air pollution, stress, and our number of young adults geting their licenses have been decreasing. The question we should be asking ourselves is why didn't we do this before?    