Do you thing a full time hard working student should have another activity piled on top of all of the other things we do? well it think no you should not have to do anything extra. Nobody should be forced or be expected to do something that does not benefit them self. You can't always please everyone by doing something extra. If you spend all your time doing things for your school you will have no tome for yourself. Some people will come and some people will go off and do their own stuff so there really is not a point in doing that if people just dont show up.

However, some people will agree with doing an extra activity, some people will disagree because of the following reason, many teens play the "mother" or "father" role in the household. They provide the money by working after school and the cook and clean. If you add another activity when will they have the time to do any of that?

If you have aver cooked ant cleaned at the same time you will know how stressful it it and weather or not they like it. Just think about it, why would you add more stress to a teenagers life?

If any school in the world would make that a new rule I hope someone would stop it. I dont want to make it seem like its the worst thing in the world but I will say its probably not the best thing to add to a teens schedule. Maybe if it was a homework club that you could choose to go to and all of you teachers would be there to help you and help you get a better understanding on work and maybe your siblings could attend also to just get a taste of middle school or highschool is like. I think that schools should also offer something like a free block that students can visit other teachers during the school day.

In conclusion, I dont really agree with making kids do something outside of school. I would like to know the outcome if you dont participate in any out-of-school activities. It seems to cause too much trouble. If any school is considering on doing it maybe the the students advice and ask them if they think it is a good idea or take a vote. Maybe try it for a few months and find out if the school can enforce the discipline and how many people actually attend. If any school decides to do this just do a "trial run" to see how it works.