Do you believe that students should have to do an extracurricular activity? No, I my self don't think that students have to do after school activities. Many schools now are making students do extracurricular school activities that kids don't want to do. If this activity doesn't teach them to know how to pay bills or read and write, I don't think it needs to be required. Students should not have to do an extracurricular activity because it could stress them out, not all kids have a ride back home, and kids need to relax and be kids.

After school activities can stress students out. On top of everything they have homework, chores, and other family events to do. Kids shouldn't have to worry about something if doesn't benefit them in the future. The have lives to live and can't stress over something that might not be that important.

Parents and relatives shouldn't have to worry either.

Not all kids have a ride back home. Parents have to go to work they just can't take off when ever they want. Yes I know people have other relatives but they also have lives to live. Everyone can't fix their lives around the school system. That is not how life works and not how it should go.

Students and kids need to relax and enjoy being young. They can't be up and going all day long, its just to much. This is a regular students daily routine, go to school for seven hours, then go home and do at least two hours worth of homework. Then get to relax, if you were to add an extracurricular activity in the mix of all that no one would ever get a break. They can't handle all of what they have to do all ready, and adding on something else would be to much.

I have learned a lot from this and students have way to much on their plate. If kids don't need to do an extracurricular activity then they shouldn't have to. We as a community, state, and country need to make sure that school systems don't make kids do something that they don't want to do. No student should ever have to do an extracurricular activity because it can stress them out, wouldn't have a ride all the time, they just need to relax sometimes. Do you still agree that students should have to do an after school extracurricular activity?          