Many people believe that driving makes everything easier since it gets you from point A to point B. But so does walking or riding a bike. There are many advantages to limiting car usage all over the world. Limiting car usage not only decreases the problem of smog or greenhouse gas emission it also helps give back to the economy in different ways.

Limiting car usage helps decrease any sort of problem with smog or greenhouse gas emission. As stated in Source 2, "Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city"(10). Since Paris decided to enforce the ban, the smog had cleared enough Monday for the French party to rescind the ban on Tuesday. Thus proving the point that limiting car usage either through a ban or just a vehicle-free zone, as in Germany, it can reduce smog and/or greenhouse gas emission. Greenhouse gas emission can be reduced simply by either switching to a more economy efficient car such as the hybrid or creating a low-car surburban society. As stated in Source 1, "Passenger cars are resposible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States."(5).Businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza asserted that "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution"(Source 3,24) demonstrating that more than one person agree that lowering the use of cars is good for any society.

Economy may get better but it might just all depend on whether or not society begins to limit their car usage. As car usage is decreasing, people now have time to go out and be care free. As they stop limiting themselves from just driving from one place to another, more opportunities arise. Places such as "parks and sport centers also have bloomed throughout the city"(Source 3, 28) because people now have the time,instead of being stressed,to go have fun. Now new restaurants and even upscale shopping districts have cropped up, these places are being placed because of the restriction on driving your car. Even though it may have "negative implications for the car industry"(Source 4,34) our economy will be boosted leaving the negative implications for car industry out of the question when it comes to advantages versus disadvantages. People will have stores within walking distance and since there will be suburbs with car-free zones it makes communication easier and faster, leaving driving places from stressing anyone out.

Everything isnt always dependent on time and if you have to work, with these suburbs containing car-free zones, stores are only a walk away instead of "along some distant highway"(Source 1,6). As mentioned in Source 3 "the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog"(21) and with limited car usage it is guaranteed that this will occur. Even though cars may be needed, there are many more efficient ways of achieving something without using your car. America has already joined in reducing their driving percentage by either using environment friendly cars or not receiving a license at all. Places all over the world believe the limiting of vehicles in their society supports their country thus a low-car society is what it takes to "conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety"(Source 4, 43).    