Is using technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom the right thing to do? What does this type of technology help other students on? Can it help people comunicate with others in the world? Is forcing a fake smile a good thing or bad.

First, using the "Facial Action Coding System" to read students emotions during class is good because it can let the teacher know how they feel. For an example, if a student was taking a test or a quiz online and was slacking off or getting tired, the computer would switch the questions up until they find the right questions to ask when the student face expression chamges. While doing that, it helps them stay on track and not get bored that easily. The system recognize emotion by the every muscles on your face. This new envention even figured out how Mona Liza was feeling by just technology.

Next, can it help comunicate better in the real life world? By using this new Facial Action Coding System, Students can now study what kind of emotions are shown when talking to other people. What I trying to say is that, they can find out when they are fake smiling,laughing, or even interested in the conversation. One example on fake smiling is that is you can see the bottom and upper teeth at the same time, they are really not smiling but just smiling to not make anything wierd. If someone that you are taking with is not interested on the topic guys are talking about, you can notice by simpily looking into their eyes and if they are just looking anywhere besides making eye contact, they are not even paying attention to you.

Finally, making a fake smile, is that a good thing? According to the Facial Feedback, moving your face muscles to smiling not only expresses emotions, but they also helps your facial muscles produce them. By even smiling actually makes you happy. To me, being happy is the best, why not to other people. A drama coach by the name of Constantin Stanislavsky, made mostly all his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning to create their emotions on stage. Feeling someone else's emotion stage may happen because we are not used to seeing that.

By using technology to see how stuents are, is that the good thing to do or bad? Does this type of technology help students. Can the Facial Action Coding System help people comunicate with others in the world? Can fake smiling help people around the world?