Distant Learning

Many students dream of waking up in the morning and doing school from the comfort of their very own home. Sleep in, do your work when you want, eat at whatever time you choose, sounds great, right?

Well, what most people fail to understand is the difficulties that distant learning can bring to students. Distant Learing isn't as great as it sounds when you think about in a long term maner. Many students may have difficulties with distant learning. They may find themself no motivation, distractions, or simply just might not understand things. So even though it may sound great, it doesnt work out well for every student.

Motivation is a huge road block in distant learning. Being in your own home you may find no motivation to do school work. Many students may feel that there is more important things to do at home, or some may even just be too lazy to do what they need to do to complete acedemic activities. Studies have shown that teens can easily sleep half of there day away. With students able to do school work at home they wont find the motivation to get up in the morning because they no longer have to be up at a strict time; meaning students may find themself sleeping instead of doing the things they need to do. Some students simply may not have any one to push them to complete the things they need to complete at home, leaving the student to feel like it is not important to do the work.

Distractions may cause a huge issue with distant learning as well. Students can easily be distracted by many things around them. Family, friends, social media and home life are all easy distraction factors in every students life. Many of these things are already a distraction at public schools; therefore they may cause even bigger issues at home when there is nothing to ease their minds. Being at home students may feel as if there are not as many rules; meaning they can use there cell phones when they want, communicate with friends and family when they choose and may have a lot more time to get distracted by thoughts. Distractions are a easy way for students to not have their work completed and turned in on time.

Students may have a huge issue understanding directions and following rules when they can not have face to face conversations with the teachers to understand the things that they need to do to complete a task. Sometimes you may find it difficult to understand a tone or words when they come through social media, email, or text. Students tend to understand things a lot easier when shown a demestration in person or when they have talked through it with a teacher. Misunderstandments may cause a student to get a bad grade on a work sheet or test. It is much safer to speak through the work in person before doing it so a student can clearly understand a teachers expectations and boundaries.

These factors may cause a heavy weight to be dropped on a students grades; causing students to fail classes, turn work in late, have no communicatiomn with a teacher and even be held back a grade. Many students find difficulties with distant learning. They may find themself with no motivation, distractions, or may just not understand the work given to them. So even though distant learning may sound great, it doesnt work out well for every student. Students should not have the option of doing distant learning in grade k - 12. 