Dear Principle,

I think it is not a wise decision to pass a policy where you cannot play sports without a B average. The reason so is that not everyone can surpass academically, but many can physically. Just because you don't excel in academics, doesn't mean you cant graduate either. Sure you are required to get good grades to even graduate or go to college, but you can do that along with practicing in sports. But not just sports but other activities as well.

Just getting good grades in classes generally can take you far in your career, but what kind of careers would you be able to choose with a limited amount of knowledge just from regular classes? When kids choose activities they think they would enjoy, it opens up more experience and knowledge for future career choices. If a kid wants to do the school newspaper, he/she could grow up to be a journalist or a reporter for the news. Or if a boy wants to be an actor, he could join the drama club.

There are many brilliant futures to many Kids with different types of classes and the knowledge given to them. There many places in society where they feel like they belong.

Taking special classes will deprive them of this possible future. We kids are the next generation to run things in society, don't you think it's only fair that you can give us our own chance to succeed with our own special skills in life?

But along with careers, kids just want to have fun in their classes. Kids will find school more entertaining to be able to do such activities. They might even become motivated to do better in school if they find school worth coming to. These kinds of options are all about thinking ahead. Like what would happen to the students if I do this? How will it benefit the school? Is this the right decision to make? these questions can make a big difference in the future. Not to make any offense principle, but it is important to follow such guidelines as those. I don't run the school, but it's always good to have the consent of the student who come to it.