Are you a teacher for a public school in need of a different way to teach students! Well read up because some public schools are offering distance as an option for students to attend class from their home from online. Big companies have done this for the last decade. It's a brilliant idea for public schools to attempt this idea and, I'll explain why, Firstly! it's a safer way of learning in modern America where pointless shootings in school happen. Secondly If a Student who's bedridden or medical handicapped have a chance for Public Education or dont fall behind of other students. Lastly this technology isnt the hardest thing on earth, Its as easy as pressing three buttons and having Wi-fi. Now for the deeper expiation.

Let's get the serious point out of the way firstly. Public and Private schools aren't the safe haven for students anymore. Not after the rise of school shootings in America, so the idea of a safer way for students to learn from home seems like a better option for the ones that get bullied for example. Your counterargument of having the student tell the teachers about it is invalid and only give room for more harassment of the student. So leaving the student on a screen thats being watched by the teacher and away from said students who pick on student is a way to reduce bulling and mass school shooting. Next point is a really important point as well.

Life happens let's be honest people are doomed to get sick or harmed in a way where they can't move much or at all. Such things prevent Students like myself from being caught up in classes during such important and demanding times like the next couple of months. Plus a nice little bonus is fellow students are there for the sick student which is always great to see. Now Its time for the last part.

Finally, This technology isn't hard to set up and maintain. Should be easy as three buttons and a front camera on both or single computer. there is way's to watch the student so they don't get distanced and or abuse the power: Like playing games, watching videos and, any social media, since learning time. Not game time.

The point I am trying to get to with these is well, technology is changing and schools arent changing as fast with the technology. So many problems with school can be counter-acted with this tech. like the problems of bullying that sadly leans to mass shooting. Extremely sick/handicapped students falling behind after life dealt them a bad hand.

I am a student and hopefully you reading this will be looking forward to this new way of learning.