I believe that all students should not have to participate in one extracurricular activity for three reasons. The first reason being that parents might work very late and not have the time to take there kid to the activity. Secondly the student might already be overwhelmed by school. And lastly the students family might not be able to pay for the activity.

The first and main reason why I believe that students shouldn't is because the parents might not have time to take the student to there activity. Say both of the kids parents have to work late and they have to go to their daily extracurricular activity. How are they supposed to go to it. You might say that they can do the activity later or sooner in the day but, this would not work out because of sleep. Students already have to get up early but with an extracurricular and homework students would have to stay up later causing less sleep. This would make them less productive at school.

Secondly students are all ready busy with school. Making them do an extracurricular would make students more stressed. Students are already busy with school so there would be no need to make them work more. Making students do things that they dont like would take time away from things they enjoy like hanging out with friends or playing video games even playing sports for fun.

Lastly parents might not be able to afford the activity. This would be unfair to students because even if they wanted to they couldn't do any activity. This would put them in a disadvantage with other students with more money. Some sports can be really expensive, first of all you have to pay to get in the the sport, secondly you are going to have to buy some type of gear to play and then other things like if you hurt yourself playing the sport then you are going to have to go to the doctors and pay a bill.

In conclusion I believe that students should not have to do at least one extracurricular activity because of three main reasons. Students might not have time, They are already bussy by school and lastly the cost might be to much for families.                 