The Electoral College is a process in which electors pick the president instead of the people, but is it worth keeping. No, the Electoral College is not worth keeping because it reflects the view of the electors instead of  the people.

Some people would argue that the Electoral college should be kept because it ensures the certaintity of the outcome ( source 3 paragoh 18). However this relies on a winner takes all system which makes the say of the minority voters pointless since even if they do vote then their vote is pointless. Second of all the presidents only campaign in states they are not sure of and completly ignore the states they know they will win (source 3 paragraph 19). This may be a good strategy but if we instead abolished the Electoral College then everyones vote would matter and the canditate would have to campaign in every state to ensure his victory. In all the Electoral College should be abolished becasue it takes away say of the people.

Not only does the Electoral college take away the say of the people, it also has no protection against a tie of states that have an even number of electors (source 2 paragraph 11). For instance a state like hawaii that has a total of two electors if they both vote for differnt people then how are the votes decided well it already happened in 1960,but Richard Nixon who was the vice president at the time and known to be against the Electoral College decided to only aknowledge his opponents electors. That is why we should abolish the Electoral College.

Allow me ask a hypothetical question what if the electors were corrupt and voted for whomever they pleased without even considring the peoples vote (source 1 paragrqaph 2). We have no system to ensure that the people vote matters but the electors does therefore electors that are picked by former canditates may be more likely to return the favor and ignore the peoples vote and vote for their canditate. There are many important figures whom are against the Electoral College such as Richard Nixon, Jimmy carter,  and Bob Dale there are many more but thes are all politicians who see the Electoral College the same way the people do (source 2 paragraph).

In all the Electoral college should be abolished because it ignores the peoples votes. The votes that werre granted to the people by the constitution therefore the Electoral College not only doesn't care about the people, but it is also violating their constitutional rights.            