Who all is tired of practically falling asleep at the computer during an assignment? Drifting off and on is something children learn early in their childhood due to the endless work on the computers that is supposed to help them read, spell, do math, and a ton more. This is a tough problem everyday people deal with, whether it is at work, school, or even at home doing some type of training. Thankfully, there is now a solution to all of that falling asleep nonsense. Solving this problem can help a large amount of people, that is why there is an intelligent new technology everybody should take advantage of.

The article, "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto talks about a new edition to computers that can read your emotions called FACS. FACS stands for (Facial Action Coding System). This software was invented by a scientist named Thomas Huang, also known as Dr. Huang. The article even explains how the process comes about, "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles." (D'Alto 3). The text is explaining that there is a coding inside of the computer of a face with no emotion! The face mirrors you and calculates the muscles in your face to tell your emotions!

Say goodbye to falling asleep at your computer! One of the best reasons for this coding software is to help students to not fall asleep in school at the computer. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Says Dr. Huang. This is important because most students find themselves drifting off during an article or a big test. They get done reading the text and don't remember what they read because of the tiring school work they set out to do. The article says, "' Then it could motify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.' The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive for video games or video surgery. 'Most human communication is nonverble, including emotional communication.' notes Dr. Huang." (D'Alto 6). In other words, motifying the lesson can help to make the assignment more interactive and hooking to the student.

In conclusion, students are finally able to have something that helps them to pay better attention. Using FACS can improve your childs grades, learning environment, and the confidence they have about their school work. FACS will help people all over the world have more productive days.