Phones & Driving

Cell phones have been a big common factor among people. Now and days people depend on cell phones more than anything else. Cell phones have also advanced over the years with companies coming out with new smartphones and new technology. With the new smartphones there has been more distractions to people such as driving while texting. That's why people shouldnt operate a phone while driving.

Texting while operating an automobile has shown to be dangerous and hazardous to the person driving and the people around them. This is causing a significant amount of accidents and deaths. According to the text "Using a cell phone while driving creates enormous potential for deaths and injuries on U.S. roads."(NHTSA ). This statement it proving that being distracted by a smartphone can be dangerous and cause large amounts of accidents and deaths. When operating a vehicle people are allowed to use devices as long as they are hands free meaning that the device you are using must be voice activated so that both hands can be on the wheel at all times , but it is still proven to be a distraction to drivers. According to a psychology lecturer at the University of Sussex in England Graham Hole "Talking on your phone while driving even if you use hands free connection is still dangerous."because any conversation on the phone can be a distraction to the person surroundings.

This new generation of people and all the new smartphones and gadgets are causing people to be more dependent on cell phones than anything else. Everyday people walk around with their heads in there phones not paying attention to where their going. Now that people use vehicles for everyday use its is easy for them to get side track and use their phones while driving. With the new features on the updated smartphones you can do video calls and voice automated things on your phone. With these new features on smartphones people are more prone to using their phones while driving causing a higher risk of death and accidents.

Everyday someone is involved in a car accident because they were on there phone, texting while driving is the leading cause of death. There was a 7 year old boy named Xzavier Davis - Bilbo who was crossing the street and he was hit by a car and not only was he hit but the car dragged him 20 feet . The driver was texting on the phone when she hit 7 year old Xzavier . He spent months in the ICU and he is now paralyzed because of this. When people text and drive they put everybody around them in danger not just the people in the car with them.

In conclusion phones are a very distracting factor when driving and dangerous. Anything such as a hands-free device still shouldn't be allowed because it is still a distraction. These problems are injuring and killing people. People should not text and drive.                                                              