Having the availability to do online classes is a great opportunity for us students, but it absolutely has a its quirks to it. As more opportunities for online classes open up, us as high school students would get distracted, lazy with our work, and it may lead to a lot of absencies. Overall, no, students will not benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

If schools were to offer more classes to attend at home, students would start to get lazy with their work. Knowing that teachers give us deadlines for our work, us students that attend classes from home will start to take advantage of that. Its very hard to remember when things are due online, because its at your own pace. No one is there to keep reminding oh this is due next class. Especially since we aren't keeping track of our stuff, because we forget about it. Also many students don't really write in their agendas, even in school. They start to get lazy about. Thats when we start to procrastinate the work that was given to us awhile ago. When students are doing their homework on their bed, they get lazy because they're more comfortable. When your comfortable, you don't really have much energy to do anything, you honsetly just want to relax and maybe take a quick nap. Thats when your work starts to pile up.

Another reason why students will not benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because we get too distracted. We as students have a short attention span because, when something else catches our attention we put everything down and focus on that one thing. From personal experience, when a notifaction comes up on my phone, I immediately look at it, and switch off to do something else on my phone, and forget the work I have to do. During the lectures, students will probably either be playing games or maybe shopping online. That's when our grades will start to drop. Also when your home is too loud, aren't you curious of what is going on, especially when everyone is laughing around. This is another way you can get distracted from your work. Also its a nussciance during your lectures, because you probably won't be able to hear anything.

Finally, students will have more absencies during the school year. Since students are given a chance to take an online class at home, they have the option to leave school early, or get to school late. When getting to school late, students will probaby not want to come to school, because they won't feel like it. Since waking up would be much harder for them rather than waking up early at the normal school time. That's when you start to not care about your classes anymore.

In conclusion, these are the reasons why students will not benefit from attending classes from home. Seeing how much theres a difficulty in taking an online class, students may not want to do it. Students may realize the struggle they have to go through throughout the school year, to make sure their grade is up. Especially when your a junior or senior in high school, because grades are a huge part in getting into a college. 