Driving in itself is a dangerous thing, and using your cell phone while doing so puts you at a even higher risk of having an accident. I bet you didn't know that 26 percent of accidents are caused by people who were using their cell phones while driving. Here are some reasons talking about how using your cell phone should not be allowed while you are driving.

The first topic discussing how using your cell phone while driving is dangerous, is swerving.

Let's say you're driving and your buddy texts you, and you pick your phone up to answer the text, While you were texting your friend back you got distracted and swerved into another lane. It doesn't matter if it took you two seconds or two minuets to text something back; the point is your focus wasn't on the road, and because of that you are now in another lane. One example of this is actually one that happened to my family and I while we were on a trip. The car in front of us kept going off the side of the road, and kept swerving in between the two lanes. When we finally got over and got around him, we saw where he was distracted by his phone. When you get distracted and start swerving, you are putting the people around you in danger, which is my next topic.

When you are driving and you are paying attention to your phone rather than the road, you are putting the people around you in danger. An example of this would be something like; say you're driving, and there is a wreak ahead and the car in front of you stops. However you had no idea that they had stopped because you were too busy looking at your phone. Say you don't stop in time and you hit them. Or say you slam on your breaks at the last second so the person behind you, hits you. What if you can't stop in time so you have to swerve over. In any of these situations you have put someone else, and yourself in danger. Plus on top of that you could have caused an accident. That takes us along to my next topic, accidents.

Accident can happen anywhere at anytime, and can be caused by anyone doing anything. But like I said before 26 percent of accident are caused by drivers on their phones. I'm sure everyone has heard their own story about an accident that has happened because someone was on their phone. However one that really just sticks out to me is one my family and I saw the aftermath of. We were driving up to Atlants on weekend. There wasn't much traffic on either side of the interstate, it just looked as it usually does with Atlanta traffic starting to kick in. A little further down the interstate on the other side there was a ton of traffic. We looked as we went by all the fire trucks and police cars, and there was an 18-wheeler and a smaller car. The smaller car was up under the front of the 18-wheeler. Later that night my parents had the news on and it said that the driver of the 18-wheeler was on their phone and had gotten distracted. They wern't paying attention to the road or what was in front of them and somehow ran over the other smaller car.

Twenty-six percent of accidents are caused by distracted drivers on their phones. Being distracted by your phone while driving can cause swerving, putting others in danger, and accidents. If you are swerving while you're driving, you are putting the people around you in danger, and that could lead to an accident. This is why I do not believe cell phones should be allowed while driving. So next time that you're behind the wheel, think before you pick up your phone. You don't want to be part of that 26 percent because you couldn't wait to open your friends Snapchat.         