Imagine never teaching your kid how to drive. Well thats what would happen if driverless cars happen. That memory stays with a person till they die. Ask anybody about how they learned how to drive they can tell you like it was yesterday. There shouldnt be driverless cars because its too dangerous and elimates many things.

When you learn how to drive its a fun and exciting thing. You gain memories from that such as the mishaps you have while learning. You bond closer with whoever is teaching you. It even motivates you to do good in school and save money because once you learn you want your own. Any person can tell you off top when and how they learned how drive because its a ever lasting memory. By having driverless cars it takes away that.

Where is the fun in driving if its doing it for you? As a teenager you look forward to first getting a car and driving around with your friends. Its a time where you can bond and be social. By having driverless cars its the fun out it , think about what is fun about sitting behind a wheel while it drives itself?

Driverless cars create alot of danger also. Even today when drivers are more alert ever , there are millions of people who die in car crashes every year. Imagine the number of people who will die because people are not aware while the car is driving its self. Its in human nature for people to get a certain comfort level while doing something. Thousands of people on the road driving unalert and comfortable is not a safe thing.

By having driverless car it takes out alot business also. There's million of kids who learn how to drive thru drivers ed. An average drivers ed course cost around three hundred dollars. Thats millions of dollars thats get thrown out the window if driverless cars become a thing. Thousands of people will lose there jobs because of driverless cars.

Any way you look at it driverless cars doesnt benifit anyone but the people making them. Anything that puts people in harm and ruin businesses is not good for society. People driving around behindn the wheel on there phone while thier car drives itself is not a good idea for the society. At the end of the day driverless cars are too dangerous and elimate many important things we care about.