Cars are usually in most peoples every day lives. We drive them to work, school and many other purpises. Cars have been around for over one hundred years but are people really ready to limit car usage? In a lot of cases around the whole entire world the answer is yes. Their are many reasons to own an autimobile, however their is a lot of reasons not to own an automoile as well.

A main topic now around the globe is the enviornment. Not all cars are going to kill the environment but if you put too many cars in one area it can weakin an environment, this is including cities. Cars can cause a substance called smog which is terrible for the environment or a local residence such as a city or town. As a matter of fact Paris as inforced a partial driving ban to clear the smog of its city. Beijing, China is probrobly one of smogs worst victims. It is known as one of the most polluted citys in the entire world! Sadly, cars are a huge part of the creation of smog. Smog is horrifically bad for the environment for a huge reason, and that reason is not being able to breathe.

Cars take up a lot of space in towns and cities across the entire globe. These areas are packed with roads, that take up many space of the area. Imagin what it would be like with no streets, turnpikes, roads in general. If you did imagine a world without roads you would see nothing but fields, trees, wildlife of every sort. If not wildlife you would see uncrowded cities with buildings that are close and not so hard to get to. People are adopting this idea around the entire world. These cities are easy and very managabel to go through. The environment is unbeleivably clean in these cities and make life in generall less of a hastle. This may not be the way of the future but it is a great idea!

Every car has a bad side to them. Not on the car itself but what it can do to you. Cars make a lot of people angry. How do cars make people angry you might ask? Their is a thing in the car community called traffic. If you drive a car chances are you have been in traffic before. Traffic can cause anger which some people like to call road rage. Sadly a lot of people have lost their lives to road rage by getting into car accidents. Car accidents take the lives of many people in the world. A lot of things can take peoples lives but cars cause some of the most deaths in the world. It is not true that a world withot cars would be more safe but the fact is, cars can be a very dangerouse tool.

People use cars almost everywhere in this world but the question still remains, are people ready to limit car usage? Many people have their opinions about car usage and we may never know the answer to this question. If you think about it we have only been driving cars for a little over one hundred years. Us humans have been living on this earth for thousands of years and have been driving cars for only a little over one hundred. Cars are being more produced now than ever and I think will stay progressing for the future years to come. In reality most people need a car to live their lives. The way things are looking like now, chances are needing a car to live a normal life is going to progress in the folowing years of the future.            