People don't always make the right choice. Peoples opinions influence your decision making. Hearing another persons point of view is helpful. In your mind you have little voices that have an affect on your decisions. In my opinion, I like having more than one choice. Whenever I have to make an important decision I go and ask my friends for their opinion on the situation. I have been through some situations where I needed help from someone to help me decide what choice i should make. Peer pressure is a good example on making good choices. Imagine your in a room full of kids older than you, They ask you "come try this drink". You know your not old enough to be drinking, yet you still ask your friends if you should do it or not. All of your friends tell you "No" ,so you decide not to do it. Deciding on certain things isn't easy.

By getting someone else's point of view, You can look at things in a different way. If you don't ask for an opinion their could be a chance you could've done things differently. Imagine your finally going to buy the sneakers you've been wanting for a really long time. If one of your friends say they don't like them, then you start thinking about them in a different way, they changed your opinion right? Other peoples opinions will either affect your choices in a good way or a bad way. You have to keep in mind that your opinion is the one that matters the most.

If someone already went through what your going through then their opinion can make you decide things differently. If you have and older brother or sister they give you advice right? When they say stuff like "trust me i know how it feels like" it's because they don't want to see you go through the same thing as them. A lot of people have been in the same position as you once in their life, so why not go to them and ask them what they think. They can't go back and change what they did but they can advise you to do things differently. Their advice can help you make a good decision.

Having more than one persons opinion is very helpful. Everyone thinks differently and will help you make the right choice. Hearing multiple peoples opinions or thoughts can help you decide whether the choice your making is going to help you or not. Having multiple opinions from people can lead to making more thoughtful decisions. 