Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students can benefit from distance learning by keeping up with school work, It can increase their knowledge of the topic, and even impact students perspectives on school.

Students often miss school, therefore it causes them to fall behind in class. Distance learning can prevent them from being behind in their school work. It is a way students are allowed to miss school for a reasonable reason, but also be caught up and attend classes from home. Online classes can be very beneficial to the students or even video conference of the topic they're missing out on. This can help them get through their whole school career, they wouldn't have to be stressed with all the school work they missed. Students would not have to stay after school as late to make up so many classes and hours they missed by not showing up for one day.

Distance learning could increase students knowledge. Some students have trouble learning new topics in school, It could be because they don't understand it. As a student myself, Learning new topics can be challenging for me. Some students are visual learners and need to see how to do things in the matter of their learning experience. Video conferencing can be a way to understand the topics they learn in school. Other students may just want a little more guidance and that can be solved through online classes or video conferences.

Schools that offer distance learning can impact students perspectives on school. If they're falling behind or failing this could be their ticket to success. This could benefit them to graduating high school and going off to college. Distance learning can be a way that can impact students and others to never give up on school. As a student, They are challenged to seek new information ,share ideas,and experiences to understand our changing world. Having an opportunity like this at school can help so many students mentally and physically.

students that are offered distance learning at their school can be extremely beneficial when it comes to acedmic wise. It can help students keep up in school, It increases students knowledge, and even changes their percepectives on school. Sudents have a higher chance of having help and understanding the topics that are taught to them and succeding, but if they have distance learning offered at their school. 