In our third world era, people have lots of personal problems. Most of the time, they get too difficult for us to solve them by ourselves, so we search for advice from others. It's intelligent to ask for advice, however, people should never settle for less and only ask one person. People should always talk to more than one person, for contradicting point of views, more solutions, and more reliable people.

Listening to more than one person for advice will give the opportunity to hear different opinions. It's a good thing to be open mined, and listen to there point of view because people will most likely see there problem in a different way. They might even see there issue as not as big of a problem anymore, or that there issue is easy to solve, now that they're looking at it in a different way. Which will help them in the future when they have bigger problems. Going to a person for solutions to a problem, and then getting the same advice they told themselves, isn't going to help them at all. Seeking multiple opinions can help people make a better choice. People need those contradicting mindsets in order for us to see the problem clearer.

Asking for advice gives people ideas, and then they act on them. Though sometimes the idea doesn't work out.

That is why people need to ask multiple people for advice. There will be a higher chance that they will find the solution they need. Even if someone asked more than one person for advice and still they didn't get what they need, they could take the ideas they got and piece them together. Asking for more advice would never hurt anyone, but instead help people locate more ideas and more solutions.

As people ask for advice, they tend to speak to people who don't know how to give good advice, that is something they should avoid. Talking to multiple people will give others more information and good advice. People should also talk to professionals for better advice. They should try to talk to more than one because others may give better information for them or have a different mindset. It makes a significant improvement for finding better advice.

Searching for more advice is always beneficial, and it helps people understand there issue better. It's very unlikely for someone to get the advice they need on there first try, and most people dwell on the only advice they get, so it is important to always ask more people. First, people will find more solutions and come up with more ideas. They will also understand the issue clearer when listening too more opinions. Finally, if you speak to more people, you will find people with more experience and factual opinions. Searching for more advice will always help you, so don't miss out on the opportunity of finding better advice.                     