Ever since cell phones were introduced to the United States Market in the 1980's, their usage has grown tremendously over the years. One main reason is that they facilitate communication between people, with a cell phone you could reach a person from virtually anywhere. Unfortunately, people decide to use their cell phones at the wrong place and time, while driving. Driving while using cell phones and/or cell phone gadgets distracts the driver and greatly increases the chances of an accident. The use of a cell phone is also illegal in many states and it comes with consequence. If a person is behind the wheel they should not be able to use their cell phones as they are putting many lives in danger.

Cell phone use while driving distracts the driver from keeping their full attention on the road, therefore, greatly increasing the chance of an accident. There are three types of distraction: visual, manual, and cognitive. Visual distraction requires taking your eyes off the road, manual distraction means taking your hands off the wheel, and lastly, cognitive distraction is when you take your mind off driving. Texting while driving is highly dangerous because it combines all three types of distraction. If the person behind the wheel is entirely distracted from the road, they are a danger to themselves, the passengers in the car, and everyone else on the road. Every second a person spends looking at their phone while driving they travel another 25 meters without paying attention. Research from 2019 has shown that drivers use their phones for up to 3.5 minutes per hour when driving (Texting and Driving Statistics in America). This means that drivers are traveling a considerable amount of distance while not paying attention to the road, which could result in a motor vehicle crash.

In 2018, 4,637 people died in car crashes due to cell phone/electronic device use. These crashes were responsible for $129 billion of the overall societal damage caused by motor vehicle crashes. Many states in the US have noticed the increase in cell phone related car accidents, so not only is it dangerous to use electronic devices while driving, it is also illegal. On July 1, 2018, the state of Georgia enacted a law called the Hands-Free Law. The law states that drivers cannot have a phone in their hand or touching any part of their body while talking on their phone while driving (GA Highway Safety). It even mentions hands-free technology, stating that even with gadgets that do not require the use of hands, drivers cannot write, read or send text messages, e-mails, social media content and other internet data while on the road. Besides the consequences for breaking the Hands-Free law are monetary fines and points assessed against the driver's license.

Each day in the United States, approximately 9 people are killed and more than 1000 injured in car crashes that are reported to involve a distracted driver (CDC Motor Vehicle Safety). This suggests that phone use while driving is almost as dangerous as driving drunk, although studies show that texting while driving is 6 times more likely to cause an accident than driving drunk (Texting and Driving Accident Statistics). The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) estimates that every day 660,000 drivers use electronic devices while behind the wheel, but 94 percent of drivers support a ban on texting while driving (2017

Cell Phone and Driving Statistics). This implies that although many drivers are using their devices while driving, they know it is wrong.

Drivers should not be able to use cell phones and/or cell phone gadgets while behind the wheel. Statistics show that while doing so, the probability of being involved in a motor vehicle accident increases greatly. Even federal law supports the ban on cell phone use while driving as many states have enacted laws against it. Checking a text message is not worth endangering the lives of others, or of the driver themselves.    