I agree with NASA that the face was not made my aliens, and that it is a natural monument. My reasons are because the shadows are what makes it a face. Another reason is because you can really ress it unless there are shadows and your rihg tover it. My last reason is that Mars Global Surveyor Cyldonia took pictures of the Face and proved that it is natural.

The shadows give is it's face because there is bumps on mars, so that when shadows go a certain direction, it casts shadows and makes it look like a human face on Mars. In the article it says " A few days late NASA unveiled the image for all to see. The caption noted a "huge rock formation...whihc resembles a human head.. formed by shadows giving the illision of eyes, nose, and mouth." The author reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and atrract attention to Mars." This goes on to prove my next point.

Marc Global Surveyor Cyldonia has taken better picture of what they so call "the Face" on Mars.

It says

" And so on April 5,1998, when Marz Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera(MOC) team snapped a picture tem time sharper than the original Viking photos. THousands of anxious web surfer were waiting when the image appeared on a JPL web site, revealing... a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." This goes to show that it was not formed by aliens and it was not created there on purpose.

My last reason is that you can really see it unless there is a shadow or you look at it at a exact angle. The article proved this by saying this " Neerthe less, on April 8, 2001- a cloudless summer day in Cydonia- Mars Global Surveyor drew close enought for a second look. "We had to roll the spacecraft 25 degees to center the Face in the feild view," said Garvin. "Malin's team caputred an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resoltion." Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meter, compared to 43 meter per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo." This is proving that with a better camera and a better view that it was naturally made and you have to look at it from certain angles to see the face.

Yes, I agree with NASA that "the Face" is nothing but a natural landform, and not something created by life on a different planet. My reasons being the shadows are the only thing that gives it it's face, Mars Global Surveyor took better pictures of the landform, and you can't really see it unless you look from a certain agngle or direction. The momument is VERY natual in my eyes. 