The Future of technology is always increasing the standard phone that you carry around today has more speed and processing power than the apollo 11 spaceship computer. With these new technological capabities the progression toward a new era of transportation seems inevitable and it is entirely possible that are advances will progress much faster than the legal regulations themselves. There are many reasons why autonomous cars will present a challange both from a technology standpoint, and a legal point of view, however I would maintain that this is just the simple nature of enlightenment or advancement and that if it is indeed possible then we should allow it to move forward. Right now the technology exists which would allow driverless cars to be on the road and probably work just fine 90% of the time; if the goverment or legal system set in motion for corporations to allow these vehicles to go to market once the demand icreases so will the technology itself. The one thing that is almost definitly clear is that based on the assumption that almost all the technology to acheive this feat is already in place the question is not so much if we will acheive it, its when? Or more specificly how quickly can law makers decide on a reasonable way to regulate and allow the technology to move forward. After all the advantages to such an indevior would be incredible especially if it were implemented on a national scale. For an example over time it could get to the point that autonomous cars could reach a level of sophisticatian would allow the computer systems to communicate with other cars allowing them to perdict and avoid collisions all together. There would also be no need for setting speed limits on roads which would divert public resources to a much more useful endevor. As mentioned in the article there may not even be any need for many people to even own cars this would probably be the case in many cities where a new market system would be in place where people could simply lease cars out for the day and the car could return itself back to the shop. There would also be little or no liability to the user of the car because of the software would have complete control over the system 99% of the time. However this does raise some intersting problems especially for the manufacturer and the legal system after all if an accident does occure who is liable for it? There are also some interesting ethical and philosophical questions that could be raised. For example if a driverless car is placed in a situation where an accident is unavoidable and its given a choice between either having a collision with party A, or B which one should it choose? Or if the only way to save a group of 5 or 10 people is to make a manuver which will almost certainly kill the driver should the car make that manuver if on the other hand not doing so would almost certainly guarantee the drivers safety but would possibly kill 5 people in the process. So yes there are still some questions that we may not yet have a good answer for however I would maintain that the benifits of this new enterprise far outway any cost.