The driverless Cars article I am against because What benefits would we get from these cars Will auto body parts run out of buisness because of the cars What will happen to taxi drivers jobs.

What benefits would we get out of these cars? Maybe we will get less wrecks with them but think of this what will happen if your car sensors and autopilot doesn't work anymore the passangers will have to drive but what if they don't know how to drive because the driving classes got taken away because these cars don't need a driver. It also shows in the text that if something bad happens who's fault is it the manufacturer or the driver in this case it would be the manufacturers fault because they didn't check the car throughly and shipped it somwhere to be sold to some people then thoese people get stuck in the middle of nowhere because of the driverless car and the manufacturer but what will happen if the car gets struck by lightning because of all the electrical systems the passangers/car is using will the passangers be unharmed or will there be a tragedy because the manufacturer didn't think ahead.

Will Auto body part shop's run out of buisness since these driverless cars will probably not get in a wreck. Do these manufacturers not know they will be taking people's jobs because of some driverless car that won't need an auto body repair anytime soon. These families with this type of buisness will go hungry because of this job loss but even if they don't lose their jobs buisness will be very slow because like again these cars won't get into an accident because of the sensors all over the car so the companies will still go bankrupt because of the slow buisness and the bills for the building and bills for their own houses, not including from their families,school bills, and bills to buy food and clothes how are they suppose to get that if there buisness is gone the state is gonna have to help them in someway because it is their fault for not making driverless cars illeagal in their state.

What will happen to the people who make money by driving cars? Will the manufacturers care that they are taking some people's only source of income away. They are doing it by taking the drivers out because that brings in a lot of money for the drives like in New York city taxi drivers get a lot of money because of the buisness there if the driverless cars get to New York where are the other people gonna work at. The unemployed rate is gonna increase because of the cars and so is the homeless rate because people are losing money causing them to get kicked out of the place they live because they can't pay their bills anymore they will also be starving because of the lack of money equals the lack of food and homeless shelters will be overwhelmed with the new increase rate of homeless people on the streets now.

So in the en I still disagree with this article Will it give us benefits will it affect autobody part shops and How will it have an affect in the Taxi drivers in New York city. These cars may seem harmless but they will have a huge impact in our society and in our economy.   