Should drivers be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle?

Having to take responsibility for a car accident you caused by using a phone while driving is devastating, but having to take responsibility for the death of someone due to this, is much worse. Lives can be changed instantly. A family of five can be singing along to "Let It Be" by the Beatles, and in a matter of seconds, on any verse, a distracted driver hits them from behind going 70 MPH. A crash of that magnitude can leave devastating results. I believe it is crucial that the states take this matter into their own hands and act immediately to ban the use of cellphones while driving.

This is a nationwide issue that is leaving more and more concerned about the lives of their loved ones who have to drive on a daily basis to provide for their family. According to the Edgar Snyder & Associates "Texting and Driving Statistics" blog, 3,328 people died due to the distraction of phones while driving in 2012. The National Safety Council stated that nearly 1.6 million people are involved in crashes each year due to the use of cell phones while driving.

People have lost parents, children, siblings, family, and friends. This could be anyone of our loved ones. We could become another statistic.

Insurance also increases in rates for those who involve themselves in accidents or who were already involved in crashes before due to the use of cellphones while driving. People have to end up paying deductibles so their insurance isn't so expensive as well. Sometimes people get involved in crashes where the amount of repairs or etc end up costing more than the value of the car itself, therefore some insurance decides to not cover it at all.

We can avoid issues like these on a daily basis if we all become more considerate of others and ourselves. Yes, the use of cellphones is a lot more prominent nowadays than it was 20 years ago. Communication has become much easier, but your life and the life of others matters a lot more than a simple call or text.

Sources:

"How Does Car Insurance Work?: How Car Insurance Works." The Hartford, 30 Apr. 2018, www. thehartford. com/aarp/car-insurance/how-car-insurance-works

"Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving." Edgarsnyder. com, www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html   