A camera that detects how you feel. Imagine walking on a peaceful day, you're trying to enjoy a nice spring day. On your walk you have random people trying to take pictures of you at the park. All you are trying to do is enjoy your day. Next thing you know, Goverment camera's using you as a study when you just want to be left alone. They dont even know you and you just want to enjoy the day. In the blink of an eye others have milions of photos of you. Its almost a invasion of privacy wouldn't you think?

This System seem's like it would be cool to use on you'r phone, or with a group of friend's. But as we know thing's can easily lead to something bigger. That's why no one need's it. It would start out as something cool. Something new and people at the park would be trying to show you. Perhaps you like it at first and you take a photo with the person at the park. At the moment you could be okay with it, but then you go to bed, now some stranger has a picture of you and you'r kid. Or individual's thinking something about you when they dont even know you.

That leads into the Goverment. They have millions of camera's and sutistic freaks that just view you and your family as a object. They want to use your looks to make them money, or get what they want. Such as banning things, or zone's where people can't be if they look mad when your not. After all there could be a database that says who you are, what your attitude is, and its open to the public.

So they have this new database for the public. People can look up anyone and see who they are and there attitude, if they are always upset, happy mad or joyfull. Know you have the world to judge you and millions of photos to look at you. They are all random people who don't know you and its just what a computer thinks of you. who wants that?

Regardless of the publuc, friends, or goverment all you wanted to do was enjoy your day. Know you have million's of photo's of you that you dont want people to have. A invasion of privacy, and possibly rights violated. who wants that when all you wanted was to enjoy your nice spring day and get out of the house after a cold long winter. 