The advancement of technology in the 21st century has offered different ways of learning for the students of today. One of those ways is known as distance learning, in which students learn from a class through online video conferencing at home. This method of learning is beneficial to students since class absences would not be as detrimental, it provides a different type of learning, and it becomes a greater convenience to students.

Students often face class absences when they are sick or an unavoidable event comes in to their lives. Unfortunately, when students face these instances, they are forced to miss to their classes. However, the beauty of distance learning enables the opportunity for the student to attend class via video call. This way, the student is able to absorb the lesson while they are at home or at a different location other than school. Distance learning can be utilized by any student and is beneficial to any student's learning progression.

Not only is distance learning beneficial to any student, but it can become a new and better way of learning. Some students are more comfortable with a different style of learning other than their peers. While some may be hands-on learners, others may be more visual. Distance learning creates a new and effective way of visual learning by displaying the lesson on a screen. Not only does this method change visual learning, it also opens up the possibility of recording the class lesson so that students are able to refer back to it whenever they can. Distance learning is a betterment to a certain style of learning for a student and also creates the possibility for the lesson to be recorded as a video for future reference.

Distance learning has multiple cases in which the student is able to learn effectively while they are not at school. This is a convenience for students that often miss class due to illness or events away from school that involve the student. This way of learning creates a sense of convenience for the students. With this method of learning being admitted into schools, students would not have to be worried about absences since the qualities of distance learning is meant to combat that; video conferencing the lesson at home or at a different location. This becomes convenient to the student which benefits their progress of learning.

In conclusion, the outcomes of utilizing distance learning in schools is beneficiary to a student's learning since it is quite accessible to students, it creates a different style of learning, and it offers a better convenient way of learning. Distance learning is a method which will stop the impediment of a student's education if they are unable to attend class. It is imperative to further the development of education as society goes on and technology advances. This is why distance learning needs to be implemented into schools; in order to advance the youth's education so that the America of tomorrow can become brighter than today.   