In my opinion, I do not think that the electoral college should be abolished, but I do agree with some of the points that Mr. Plumer claimed. Mr. Plumer stated, "The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational." While it is somewhat unfair and outdated, the electoral college is needed in a sense of today's society. Everytime someone who is African American is murdered or killed, people always think it's a racial matter. Take a look at the incidents that were going on in Ferguson. Michael Brown, an African American teenager, was shot and killed by an officer, who was a white man. The people of Ferguson were literally rioting in the streets over a matter of a cop defending himself. So if that kind of society were to directly vote for our next president, it would be extremely biased. If another African American were to run for president of the United States, most Blacks would vote for him and say things like, "If he doesn't win presidency, then this country is racist!" To me, that's how American society is and that's why we should keep the electoral college.

In addition, the electoral college is needed to keep balance and fairness among the country. If there was no electoral college, and the votes came straight from the people, there would be problems regarding the states and the population of those states. For example, California would have a huge advantage at deciding who the next president is over a small state like Maryland. The electoral college is meant to keep balance among most, if not all, the states.

Another reason to keep the electoral college is that it requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal, according to Mr. Posner. He states, "No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. If there was no electoral college, the votes would heavily swing one way or the other, because of regional culture. People in the South would generally vote for someone who is white and Republican, where as the North, or states like Florida and California would vote for someone who is democratic, and since race is a exponentially large matter in today's society, people who are African American would vote for the runnning candidate who is African American or of black descent.

A vote straight from the people could work if racial perspective wasn't a huge factor like it has been since the civil rights movement. But right now, this country needs an electoral college because without one, votes would be based on race, state size, and culture.    