When having the chance of asking various amounts of people for advice instead of one person. People should take more than one persons advice to make the best choices in their everyday lives. This can help people in many ways by seeing other peoples perspectives on their choices,or problems they are having making that choice. If someone only ask one person for advice this can impact peoples decisions in a positive way,but also negative way. Seeking multiple opinions for advice can help someone make better choices,because getting someone elses point of view can help you make better decisions,and they can identify who has the best advice for their choices in life.

When people ask for advice,people usually ask more than of person,because some of their choices that they want advice on may be risky to make and others may be less of a risk to make. For example this spring break I am going to El Salvador but, I am going to miss about one week of school for,I have to ask my teachers for advice so I don't get behind on my school work or miss any test. This is to say asking multiple people for advice can be beneficial in peoples lives, so that they make the best choices to progress in their lives. Instead of just asking one person which may lead to making their worse choice. which is why asking multiple people for advice is always the best way to go.

Further more, when you ask multiple people for advice instead of just one person. You have a better perspective on what choices you should make,and which ones not to, but if you only pick one person to give you advice it can also be a disaster. For example,last summer my sister and I had a choice either we go to bush gardens or the beach with my aunt. I asked only my mom which one we should go to the beach or bush gardens she told us to chose which ever one we like best so we went to the beach, but since my aunt planed it last minute it turned into a disaster. Also if people only ask one person it may lead them to make the wrong choices like I did, because they are only getting one persons point of view on their choices that they are about to make,but you can always learn form your mistakes and avoid it next time. Thus this is why people should always ask for more than one persons advice to make their best decisions.

To conclude,when having multiple peoples advice people should pick which ever advice is the best,or combine all their point of views on that choice if they have ever experienced that same problem to make the best choice. You should always ask more than one person that you trust for advice because it makes your life more simple. Asking one person for advice can be great if they know how to give you advice,but it can also lead to down fall which is why most people choose to talk to more than one person for advice. So that they can come up with the best choice to make. People may have a difficult time on what advice they should take and which advice they should not take. I believe that people should go with the advice that sounds best to them and not to think about their choices constantly.     