It's really important to ask multiple people for advice for many reasons. It is also always better to get more opinions for several reasons. Such as, if anyone really wanted to get the best advice, they would ask around because everyone has different opinions and views on a subject, know that not everyone sees or hears the same things, and just know that getting any type of information requires multiple views. When someone gets as much as they can from multiple people, they can get a good amount of information or just the right information in general.

This world is not filled with the same exact people who grew up the same exact way. It has billons of people who could have been told different things when they were young to, in a way, persuade them to think a certain way. One person coud be giving their advice purely from what the've been told by others while another is giving their advice based on their own knowledge on the subject. Either one is really important to know because it could lead you to find what advice to really listen to. So when asked, they could help and give their past expierence to make sure your future expierence is good.

The same applies to this a little bit because the persons background could enable them to have an advantage or disadvadtage to knowing the subject on which they are being asked about. Some people have heard things that others havents. Then some people could see things that everyone else missed. It's like a puzzle and each piece of advice you get from one person is a puzzle piece. You can't just solve the puzzle with one piece. So they have to help by giving their piece of say in the matter.

Lastly, it's required for any information, whether it be advice or a poll or anything else, it all needs information to be sucsessful. For example, if scientists were working on trying to identify a new species, they would ask as many people as they can about it so they could try and get a grip, at least, at what it might be. Then they can use the information they got from everyone else and any other information they gathered about it on their own, to identify the species. The same works for asking people on advice. Give them the information they need to insure they make the right choice.

That is why seeking multiple opinions is helpful to someone making opinions. As long as one gets several views, they will choose the right thing for whatever they needed the advice for. They can also possibly help others in the future with the advice they got from the people they asked previously. It's all like one big chain of advice and everyone can contribute because they have different opinions, seen things that some haven't, and overall had stored facts about the subject. In the end, others advice could help make your life easeir overall.