Can technology can detect how a persons felling by look at the painting.

One of the greatest painting by Leonardo da Vinci, The Mona lisa was being into questioned it she was really happy or not. WIth the technology we have today by the Facial Action Coding System. They figured out that she's mostly happy but a bit digusted, fearful and a little bit angry. This can be use of techology to read emotions in a classroom so we can know how they feel about us.

In the University of Illinois, Dr. Huang and his students developed a a better way for humans and computers to communicate. They were amazed how far technology has when people now can calculate emotions like math and science. They start off witha 3-D model of the persons face, each muscle on the face can tell how people feel. There are 6 different common emotions, happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadnes that characteristic movements move the facial muscles. With it, it can change everything.

When they tried it on the Mona Lisa, it shows that her emotions may have been some kind Da Vinci code with Dr. Huanfs emotion algorithms. It is really useful in computer and science class by how the face muscle move and how the computer analyizes the face and come back with the results. It can work at a normal PC at home, but you can test it by looking in a mirror, smile when your cheeks hurt and see if that is an emotion. It can be a use as an experiment a well, it might also made you a little happy now don't it.

According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotions, moving your facial muscles not only can expresses emotion, but also may even help produce them. What it saying is it can also detect it a persons faking it or not, that called Empathy. So they can use it on the students to tell that if they are sorry for punching another kid or happy when they're actually not. Whoever though of making reveal the truth is thats theres so much to explore.

With this kind of technology, student may can not get away with stuff once we have this in our own classroons. 