The purpose of going to school is that students are on a mission to succeed. Students getting up early in the morning and going to school to get the education they need is admirable. The students' passion for education would not benefit if they took classes from home because there would be more distractions, minimal diversity, and lack of efficiency.

Firstly, the amount of distractions in students' homes would be catastrophic in obtaining the right education. For example, say a student has a job, the student has to work at least 3-4 hours a day, that same student also has to finish an assignment for his/her online class. The student gets home, exhausted, not willing to do the assignment that is imperative to the student's grade point average. This then becomes a natural tendency for the student which is a huge problem in taking classes online because the student is not able to focus on what is important for his/her education. There are other distractions if a student were to take an online class from home, including video games and TV. These distractions would cause students to develop the ability to not prioritize their education and focus on other things around them.

Secondly, if a student were to take an online class from home there would be minimal diversity. For students to succeed in life they must surround themselves with good relations with others in public. Students cannot succeed if they are at home, taking an online class. In addition, taking online classes from home would affect students negatively because the students would not develop any social skills, especially communication. Communication is key to having a good relation with others, for students would add to their collection of skills in the real world. Those, are the reasons why students who take an online class from home would be not helpful.

Thirdly, the lack of efficiency in students taking online classes from home would not be beneficial towards their education. In an online class from home, students could wake up at any time and decide when to start the class, and that would result in laziness. Whereas class at school, students went to class on a daily basis which resulted in accomplishing school work at the appropriate time. Another example, when a student needs to complete a project, the student at school would focus on that project and get it done, but from home the student would most likely put it aside and complete at a later time. Hence, the effect of students taking online classes from home is lack of efficiency.

Overall, online classes from home would not assist the students in their desire for education because of multiple distractions, the decrease in diversity, and the inability to complete a task on time. The distractions would cause the students to not focus on their priorities, such as completing a certain task. The decrease in diversity would cause social awkwardness in students. Lastly, the lack of efficiency would effect the student to become lazy. However, students that take online classes would be able to learn as they receive direct feedback from the instructor by video chatting or sending messages in regards to a certain assignment the student was confused about. In the end, taking online classes from home would not benefit students' passion for education.