Lets face the facts the face on Mars is nothing more than clever illusion. The face that you have no doubt seen on mars isn't proof of alein life it just doesn't make logical sense. The higher quality photos don't even show the face, and why would NASA cover up somthing that would help them with their budget issues. Its clearly just rock formation just like ones we have on earth.

First of all the first picture was just a lucky happenstance. When NASA went back in to get a higher quality photo, it wasn't there. The face was just a product of clouds and outdated equipment. "Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution." (P10) The best quality photo, and it looked less like a face and more like a pile of broken dreams.

Some hardcore conspiracy theorists might say NASA was trying to pull a wool over our eyes and cover up the existents of extraterestrial life with fake pictures. But why would NASA cover somthing as earth shattering as aliens, the publicity alone would help push the government to extend their budget." Some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars- evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars." (P5) Why would litteral rocket scientists cover up something that would help the massively.

Thirdly it's just like rock formations we have on earth. In the article one scientist even says it looks just like a butte we have on Earth. " It reminds me of the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho" (P12) We are all losing our heads over somthing that we could drive to Idaho in a matter of hours to see.

Overall only crazy conspiracy nuts could ignore the facts to this degree. Its was a one time photo that happened almost 40 years ago. People need to quit ignoring the facts and see whats right in front of them. The face on Mars is just a natural land form that, under the right conditions, can look like a face. 