Over the past Twenty years, Technology has forever changed the way we learn in the Classroom. With an computer and internet connection available, Students have the oppertunity to attend classes from home. Although, some People may disargee, with allowing Students to attend classes from the comfort of their own Home. Actually giving Students this oppertunity to attend school from home has the potential to kill two Birds with one stone.

First off, taking classes from Home provides the framework, for students to find self-motivation for college. Finding self-motivation, is a vital trait you need as a Adult for the real world. No one is going to spoon feed you, or hold your hand as you complete tasks. As you may discover, College Students often have to work for themselves in terms of completing assignments, taking notes, and studying. It's up to you not to get distracted, and to stay on task. It's your decision not to scroll through social media, or binge watch your favorite tv show. College students are forced to internally search and self-advocate within the margins of motivation, and time mangement to complete their work.

Your Professor in College will not force you to complete, what they assign you. on the contrary to School, Your Teacher will spoon feed you, and hold your hand through everything.

While the Student attends class from home, they are expected to stay on task and stray away from distractions, setting up a great practice for self-motivation not only for College, but also the Real World.

Additionally, Students have to freedom to learn accustomed to their learning style. Often through auditory, visual, and hands on learning. Schools provide a restricting enviroment that may not accomadate to every Student's learning style. As they are forced to follow one way; the Teachers'. Which is where You are forced to listen to their lecture and take notes, and shove all of the material down your throat, rather than chewing the material at a steady pace. At home, I am able to pace myself, and accomadate to my learning style and study the assigned material to what is individually best for me; the student.

However, not all may argee with letting their Students attend School from Home and They have their reasons.

Students need to be present in the School enviroment in order to get things done, and focus. Without the pressure of school, teachers, and grades its easy to fall behind with many distractions at home. As it's harder for the student to avoid distractions.

At home, It's a struggle to accomplish schoolwork and easy to get distracted with watching TV, or taking a nap. Additionally, at School if you need help your teacher is right there to guide you. You don't have to worry about your slow internet connection to contact your online Teacher ;thousands of miles away from you with a busy schudule in their hands. At school, You raise your hand, and your Teacher comes to your rescue and is able to clear up any concerns the you may have. Real life learning in the classroom provides an clear, direct way for the student to contact the teacher for any concerns, rather than the online teacher with the filled schudule, who wouldn't even receive your question days or weeks later.

In conclusion, I think students should be able to attend classes from home, in order to accomdate for their learning style. But also, having the freedom to work at their own pace, without the pressure of the school walls. Or having to worry, about teachers throwing information down the student's throat, and choking. Instead, students are able to self-pace according to themselves, and chew the information in considerable bites. Adolescents are able to self-advocate for them-selves as they move into the real world to become proactive adults. As school systems are moving towards better education for their students, we should take into consideration that every individual child works differently from one another. Working at home maybe adjusts better for them, then the restricting enviroment school entails.