I am for the use of self driving cars, most accidents that happen on the road are due to humman error. self driving cars are one safer due to reduced human error, they are more cost efected due to the fact that once all cars are self driving they will no longer need road signs as cars can communicate with each other, and also due to that fact it is more time effective and in being time effective will be more cost effective as well.

Humans error accounts for 90% of all road way accidents the other precent is due to mechanical failure. As Google has shown with it having driven more than half a milion miles without a crash that cars are cappable of being safe, you can make the argument humans are in these cars but the car only alerts the human inside if it can not make it through the problem its self, which these problems such as accidents are caused by human error to begin with the car can not account for something that is not supposed to happen because it should not happen with all self driving cars. which leads me to my next point that it will be better for the goverment and tax dollars.

Self driving cars are computers they can communicate with each other, they are programmed to read the road and communicate where they are and how fast they are going to the cars around them so all the appropriate changes to speed can be made in a fashion that humans cant due because we can communicate to each other from 2 miles away, and since humans no longer need to communicate at all all road signs that are required not to ensure that traffic knows where its going will be a thing of the past. with this out of the way there is no more need for upkeep of these signs and communication devices they can be taken down and recycled for something of more use or recycled for money saving tax dollars while also making the envioment better by reducing all the cluter along the road ways. it will also shorten how much time is taken to reach a destination which might just extend out time on earth.

Time is the most limiting factor in someones day, you can do a lot of things but you cant just make time out of thin air. commutes in the city of Las Angeles can take hours just because of traffic. with cars that communicate these times would be reduced so signifigantly they would be minimal to none, therfore if this was to happen we would save so much on gas, emmisions on cars would be lower causeing less money to go to making the air cleaner, green house effect would go down due to emmisions being less. This by its self might make it so we can stay on the earth longer cars make up a lot of emmision that goes into polluting our air, so in turn you might just be saving yourself from getting cancer if you switch to a car that gives off little to no emmsions. You might even be able to save money by swtiching to a self driving car, the Goverment could give tax subsides to those who buy the car becuase it saves on accidents, emmisions, and taxes to keep the signs up. another point is insurance, you would no long need insurance beacuse accidnets would no longer be a problem saving you thousands of dollars over your lifetime.

self driving cars are the way to a better and more safe future, they dont have the human error that accounts for 90% of all wrecks that happen on the road today. they are more effect for taxes sake causing our taxes to go to something you might actually want funded like school, the possiblities are endless. lastly they are just going to save you money, tax subsides from the Goverment, insurance isnt required anymore, and it saves you time allowing you to do what you really want to do with our day. Just like the old saying "time is money" are these cars will save you a lot of both.