Who's going to for help you?

From who you go to for help is important, because going to the wrong person for your information will not help, but going to more than one person might give you different answers. Going to multiple people when seeking for help is better than going to just one person because the first person you go to might be wrong, you also get more than one opinion, and you get to learn what other people know.

The first person you go to for help might give you the wrong answer. When looking for help you usually go to a trusted friend or adult. The thing is that when you only go to one of those it might make your situation harder, because when I got home from school I need help on some really hard math equations. So, I went to my trusted mom. My mom told me the way she did it when they were in school. Then I did it her way and when I turned my paper in at math class it was totally wrong. This was a perfect example of why we should go to more than one person when seeking help, because they might be wrong.

Getting more opinions than just going to one person clearly doesn't help. So, getting more opinions is important because someone that tries to help you could make whatever your trying to do more difficult as you might get wrong answers. Also, this one time when I was cleaning our house and I was invited to mow the lawn, but I didn't know how to work it. For this reason I went to my mom and she told me it was just like a car and then told me the steps. But then I went and tried to turn it on but it was more difficult than I had thought. So the next time I asked for help I didn't go to my mom, I went to my dad. He told me a different way to work the machine that was ten times more easy than the way my mom did it. So, choosing from whos idea is better is going to make your job easier and help you do anything better.

After asking for help you get to know what other people know. When you ask someone from your family or a known person for help on anything and you check the answer and there correct, then thats a person you can rely on for that subject. Just like how I needed help with working the lawn mower. My mom didn't know an easy way to do it but my dad did so now I go to my dad for chores that need help with that involves outside.

In conclusion, when looking for help going to more than one person is better than going to one for help. You learn a lot more things doing it that way. Thats why going to multiple people when seeking for help is better than going to just one person because the first person you go to might be wrong, you also get more than one opinion, and you get to learn what other people know.