As we all know cars are a big part of our society today. However cars have a bigger impact than we think. Some people can't live without there car. Some people can go their whole life without a car. We may not think about it however there are multiple advantages to not using a car. When we limit our car use it saves the earth also it i said that it takes away a heap load of stress and it saves people money. Just think about it, one day without the use of cars. How would that be?

We we think of saving the earth we think of recycling, reusing things, and reducing. Did you know that passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gases and up to 50 percent in some car intensive areas in the United States.(According to "In German Surburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" By: Elisabeth Rosenthal). In Paris there pollution was almost record setting and so they ordered that even-numbered license plates leave their cars at home or pay a fine of $31. Almost 4000 drivers were fined that day  and 27 got their cars impounded. Most of the cars in Paris are diesel ran so the smog is worse. If they would cut down on their car use it would lower the smog.

You might not think of it but if we limited the use of cars it relieves stress. According to "In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars", In Vauban, Germany they have given up their cars. Vaubans streets are completly car free. 70 percfent of Vauban's families do not own cars ansd 57 percent sold a car to move there. Heidrun Walter said"When I had a car I was always tense. Im much happierthis way". According to "Car-free dat in spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selsky in Bogota,Columbia they have been without cars for 3 years. Also Carlos Arturo Plaza said "It's a good opportunit totake awat stresss and lower the air pollution".

According to "The End of Car Culture" by: Elisabeth Rosenthal recent studies show that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licences as each year goes by. The number of miles driven in the United States  peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily afterwards, according to an analysis by Doug Short of Adivor Perspectives. People who stopped driving there cars as a result of hard times may not find a reason to go back to driving if they are saving money.

So I believe that they're many reason to have a car. However they're many advantages to limiting your car use. You can think of yourself as doing a good deed to the earth when walking somewhere or riding your bike are catching the bus. You can have a clear mind and seize stressing so much. Also you can save money I think that everybody likes to save money one way or another. Instead of drivng your car to the mall you can save that money and catch the bus to the mall and buy that new purse that you have been dying to get.    