My principal has decided to make a rule to where all students must participate in a extracurricular activity.

I agree they should, the students can join a student council.

They can get more involved in school, they can make their selves more known in school, and it can be better later in life.

If going by the better later in life example, it will look good on college and job applications.

If the students were to get in a extracurricular activity, student council for example, they would get more involved in school.

They would know all thats going on in their school. Students could help out their peers if they need to know something important.

They can also help in school fundraisers or maybe if the school helps out Children Hospitals or homeless shelters they can help out them as well.

Getting more known is also a plus for some people.

It gives the students more opportunities to do things for their school and outside of their school.

If more teachers know about the students and all they do for their school they would most likely recognize those students. Outside of school you could also get well known for do the right things an helping out people and being that person that everybody should be to help out.

Joining a extracurricular activity can also be better for the students later in life.

College applications is a good example, if you want to go to a certain college then you need the grades for it and if they see that you have been in a extracurricular activity then they will look at you a little more.

Another one is job applications, it's the same as the college applications almost.

When you apply for a job and they take your job application and they see that you have participated in a activity like student council they will want you to be there because they want somebody who will be a leader and not be a follower.

Joining a extracurricular activity can be beneficial.

So I agree with my principal on making a rule where the students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity. The principal is trying to help their students out if they take their advice they can go a long way in life. They can get into their favorite college and get their dream job.

So just take your principals advice they are really trying to help you out.        