Have you ever worked on a designed project by a student? Do you think it'll be better than a project designed by a teacher? Teachers are used to making the projects rather than the students. Students say that some teachers, but not all, create poor designed projects. They're wondering if they should create a project themselves rather than from a teacher. While some people say teacher design projects are better to use, it's more important that students design them instead because it helps students become independent workers, increasing their creativity, and gain a life experience.

This will give students a chance of what their made of. If students design their own projects, they'll increase their creativity.

It gives students a chance to think outside of the box. I would get more creative due to the fact that there's no boundaries, so I can do anything that I put my mind too.

Becoming more independent. Your student would feel more like this due to them being the only ones making there own project. They'll have to think for themselves, plan by there self, and create something all on their own. It's a great way to gain and be independent. I remeber when my teacher let me do a project on my own it was hard at first, but if I wanted to complete it I had to get it done myself.

Students gain a life experience. It's a good practice for students to see how it would be like in college. This will be like a foundation to them when they really have to do this all on their own. I also think from my experience is that not everything is easy it's time consuming, but it's all worth it in the end. It shows that if you put your heart and effort into something it shows no matter what.

While some people think letting a teacher designed the projects is better because it's less work for students, less stress on students, and less time consuming, however, it's better for the students to design them because it'll increase their creativity,

they'll gain a life experience, and become more independent. In other words letting students design the projects is a better idea than letting teachers design them. 