Have you ever took classes from home? Personally i've never took classes from home but I do know an few people who have and

I dont agree with them. Some may stay working from home is better because there is less distractions ,

you can work on your time and plus you dont have to leave your bed . Although some may disagree with my opinion I

feel that it is better to go to school because it helps you with social skills , it prepares you for real life and also it gives you the opportunity to play school sports .

Sometimes going to an public school isn't for everyone but it is for me for many reasons , one of them is because of school sports . School sports teaches you a lot , from hard work , dedication and it gives your responsibilities because you have to stay on your grades .

It helps you make new friends on and off the court or whatever sport you are playing. School sports also helps workout on your body the time you would be spending at home . Another reason I

think public school is the way to go is because it prepares you for real life . When you actually think about it school is sort of like a job , you have to wake up early in the morning so it is preparing you for an early working job or college. Also it preparing you for the real world because it gives you a lot of responsibilities . My last reason I think going to public school is better is because it teaches you social skills . You wouldn't learn social skills by sitting at home all day listening to an computer , if it was me honestly i'd probably doze off . Dont get me wrong there are still a few people that don't talk but when you are forced to work in groups you gain a lot of social skills.

Okay , I may see why people may want to go to school from home but I still dont agree , here are some reasons why . Working from home takes away a lot of distractions like friends and others . You actually get to work with peace and quietness in your house maybe . With it being quiet and no one else around you it helps you focus a lot more .

While working at home you you don't have to rush to get work done or turn something in by an certain time . You can work on your own time and turn assignments in when you finish them which takes a lot of pressure off you .

Last reason people may attend classes from home is because they wouldn't have to leave their bed . Imagine working in an comfortable bed just laying down , it even sound lovely . All you would have to do is wake up and grab your computer and get to work , on your own time at that !

Although some may disagree with my opinion I feel that going to public school is better , this is the case due to playing sports , preparing you for the real world and it helps you with your social skills . Those who disagree with me state doing school from home is better because you can work on your own time , you can work in your bed and it blocks out all distractions but this is not true . All in all I feel like going to public school is better because it gets you prepared for the real world , helps your social skills and it gives you the opportunity to play school sports.       