The electorial college should be thrown out and the popular vote for the president should take its place because the elctorial college is unfair and the people don't really have a voice.

The electorial college should go away because it unfair. Electorial votes are unfair because the canidates only focus on the bigger states, "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the canidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campain ad." Votes dont even get to vote for the president, they vote for state electors. "Under the electorial system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." This is why we should despose of the electorial system and just go off popular votes.

Another reason why we should replace the electoral college for popular vote is because the people don't really have a voice in the electorial system. Voters do not directly vote for the president but they vote for the slate electors who then vote for the president. We the people should have a direct vote for the president. "Consider that the state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." so in other words we have put our trust in people to have a voice for us when we could just do it ourselves. "voters sometimes get confused about electors and vote for the wrong candidate." Even though the electorial system is all kinds of messed up there is an upside to it, "perhaps most of the worrying is the prospect of a tie in the election vote. In that cases, the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president." They use the Representatives to break a tie so there wouldnt have to be a run-off election. With popular vote you wouldn't have to have a run off because there is not an even number of people registered to vote in America. So i urge the popular vote to take the place of the electorial college system.

In conclusion, the electorial college system should be exicuted and popular votes should be subsituted because the electorial college system is unfair and the people don't really have a voice in the election.    