Students should have control over at least a few things in school. From maybe what club they want to be in, or what sport they want to play. That should all be the students choice, but what if they dont want to join something like that? They shouldn't need to if they don't want to. So why should we be forced to join a sport, club, or school activity that we dont feel comfortable in. We should work the hardest that we can in school, so if some students can handle another activity then they should pick it up, but if the student can't handle it, it might add stress to what is already a stressful place. Overall, I disagree that it should mandatory to have a extracurricular activity.

Stress can be very hard on a student, with all the school work and pounding from teachers and parents to do well in school, it can be hard. Some students can handle it better than others, and some can hardly handle the stress they already have, so adding another stressful activity on them could hurt their grade. Not only can stress come from the activity its self, but having to pick on in a limited amount of time can be very stressful if not more. The majority of students try their best in school to get good grades and to get into a good college, so at the moment, its way better to focus on school right now. If the student can focus on school and the activity, then thats their choice to do both.

While yes, the students do get to choose what activity they want to do, what if none of the activities interest them? What if they want to focus on school and not do that. They should be given the choice whether they want to or not. At school, we dont have much control over things, and this is an example of something that was need to be in control of, why should this be mandatory? If we dont want to do an activity and focus on school work instead, then we should have the choice if we want to or not.

We as students need to take charge and focus on what is important in school, grades. With making these activities mandatory, you are taking away some of the students after school work time, or during school work time. Now once again, if it was a choice, then it would be relatively OK, if the student has the time, they should be able to do it. But focusing on school is very important for not only now, but for the future as well. For students, the grades the grades they get now can be very important.

A students time is very valuable and should not be completely wasted on activities that serve no use to them. When grades are at play here, it could be what drags them down. The students of today can be and are very important, they are the future and what will lead us into what can be. Wasting time on things that could bring them down should not be something mandatory. 