The scientists and Engineers of today have all been working toward a goal and that is to create driverless cars. Google specifically has cars that drive independently for miles without any issues and putting it like that it sounds like the next bet thing since the computer. Nevertheless, One must think of the cons to this specific development and looking closer its obvious that the downs outway the ups. Continuing ths project is a public hazard.

People believe that having a car that requires no human intellect is the next best thing. However, every machine has a meltdown or malfunction so why would the driverless cars be any different. If the driverless car is developed it could work, but if it malfunctions on the road and theirs no way to take control it would lead to a crash worse than any created by irresponsible drivers.

Add this possible outcome to the amount of cash, the millions of dollars that will be required to support this project and it seems unreasonable.

This driverless cars idea also feeds into the possibility of a future where humans become lazy slobs. Kids these days already spend more than half their days staring at a computer screen so why make it even worse? If this project is a success then drivers ed classes will be pointless.

People will be completly relient on machines if this "progress", continues.

On the other hand Driverless cars could help lessen the damage. If this idea proves to be a success then it would iliminate irresponsible drivers. If a person didn't know how to drive right then the car self driven vehicle would control itslef. Car accidents could lessen and people would be safer. Also the project plans for these cars to use half the amount of gas used now so it would better clear up the smog in the atmosphere. Despite these amazing pros it would still require alot of work and cash to achieve this.

Overall this project seems a bit too risky to be labeled as imrovement. So many different improvements are being made that no one notices the conciquences following behind them. With every machine built humans rely on them a little more. People are slowly loosing their independence and that thought alone is disturbing. This should be a reminder that sometimes more isn't always better and less work isn't always progress.      