Driverless Cars, something often seen as a fantasy is actually coming true. Driverless Cars are just basically cars that does not require a human driver. This new invention should not be released because it can be a hazard, require more research, and it is not that useful.

This idea has been worked on and tested since 2009, this means that we do not fully understand or know the harmful the new cars can be. In the article it states that, "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents". This can be harmful to the driver because the driver might not be paying attention, since they depend on the car to drive them. Even though machines can be accurate and precise, it can still have some malfunctions and there is not enough research to know what they are. In paragraph nine it also states that, "Presently, traffic laws are wrtten with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." This shows that the government also sees humans only driving cars.

Although many researchs have already been made, there is still is a long road ahead. Smart Cars requires the use of newer tools and parts. In Paragraph four it states that, "Google's modified Toyoto Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor.". Even though Smart cars is a whole new invention; there are still more research to be done on the parts that are needed to make Driveless cars driveless. Research needs to also be done on how to create the a form to sequire these vital parts of the car.

At the end, Smart cars are not needed. Many people already have their license and are able to drive; there is no point of having a driver, having the risk of not paying attention, sit behind the wheel and let the car drive itself rather than a driver who is driving it themselves.

In the first paragraph it says that, " He envisions a future with public transportation system where the fleets of driverless cars form a public-ransport of taxi system.". Millions of people's jobs are based on driving, and if driveless cars are released, then millions of people have a risk of losing their jobs.

Although Driverless Cars opens no doors to technological advancement, it is just something that is not seen as useful. People can drive themselves, and even other people drive people around. That is the way it should be.   