Limiting car usage in our daily life can be a good thing. There has been cities and countries that have already started going "Car-free" acording to articles one, two and, three. Limiting car usage in our daily life can reduce Greenhouse gas. Reducimg the time ou use to drive your car or automobile it reduces on how much money you are wasting on gasoline or diesel.

Limiting car usage is a good thing, in article two it talks about Paris banning driving due to high levels of smog. Paris had enforced a short driving ban to clear the air out of the city. If you were to drive in that time period you would have suffered a $31 dollar fine. Diesel fuel was to blame since France favors diesel more than gasoline due to a tax policy. Up to 67 percent of vehicles in France are made up of diesel. In Germany a city called Vaunban has given up the life of cars mostly. Vaunban's treets are mostly "car Free" except along the main throughfare according to article one. One of the reasons the city of Vaunban has given up on the life of cars is their are only two place to park, large garages at the edge of the development for $40,000 along with a home. For that 70 percent os families in Vaunban do not own cars. Heidrun walter, a media tranier in Vaunban, said " When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." In Europe pasenger cars have been responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas while in the United States it is up to 50 percent in some areas according to article one.

Another Country that has been trying to reduce the amount of car usage is Colombia. In Bogota, Colombia they are doing a program that they are trying to spread to other countries. They have held a day each year for a "car free" da. For three years cars have been banned for the Day without cars. The only cars that are pemitted are taxis and buses on that day. Since that Bogota has inspired other cities in Colombia to go with a "Car free" day. Cali and Valledupar have joined the event. Parks and sports centers have bursting throughtout Bogota according to Article two. The sidewalks that have been uneven and cracked have been replace by new, smooth sidewalks. Another good thing is the restrictions have quickly cut traffic. Also new restaurants and shopping centers have rose up. The mayor of Asuncion, Paraguay said "These people are generating a revoultionary change, and this is crossing borders.

America has also joined on to limiting car usage. President Barack Obama has goals to reduce the greenhouse gas emmisions accordiing to source four. In paragraph 38 according to Dr. Sivak's research it says that there has been a huge drop in the amount of 16 to 39 year olds getting drivers licenses. Another study has found that in 2012 driving by young people have declined 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. A good thing for limiting car usage has lead to a executive chaiman of the ford company, Bill Ford, has put out a business plan that has them partnernign up with a telecommunications industry. By doing this he says "pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety."

Limiting car usage in our daily life is a good thing. It reduces greenhous gas emmisions, lead to restaurants and shopping centers to rise up, better sidewalks, less traffic, and improved safety. Alot of countries and cities have eithered stopping using cars mostly or has reduced car usage by having one day a year without cars.                                                                              