Exploring Venus is a challenge and studying this planet seems impossible. However, when the author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the risks; people tend to get skeptical and curious about what measures can scientists take so that Venus can be explored? When can visiting Venus happen? and Why are scientists even discussing further visits to it's surafce?

The author answers the questions by stating his/her claim with evidence.

What measures or steps can scientists take so that venus can be explored? The author claims that scientists from NASA have a possible solution to set foot on Venus. According to the text "NASA's possible sollution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray." This proves that NASA is taking steps for space exploration with ideas that can be useful for whenever the time is right to study what Venus is all about.

Visiting Venus can happen according to the author when "many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus." This means that when the machines are lasting long enough on Venus to give scientists information on how we can explore this planet, then visiting Venus can happen sooner or later.

Why are scientists even discussing about possible visits on the surface of Venus? The author claims that fascination among astronomers has sparked interest to the visitation of Venus. According to the text "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." The text further correlates the idea that if Venus was once like Earth, visits to the planet can be made possible because a once earth-like planet can be studied, and knowledge can lead to an astronomers dream become reality.

Exploring Venus will be a challenge, but when the three most important questions were there to be asked; the author backed up his claim with strong evidence that proves setting foot on the surface of Venus is possible. So if not everyone believes that exploring Venus can be done, the author proved why it can be.               