Sometimes, when people ask for suggestions about a certain subject, they will ask multiple people for their opinions. Using different opinions will help a person to understand a specific subject better, rather than using only one. A person will get different points of view, and he or she will be able to base their opinion(s) from the points of view. A person will be able understand why a person thought something was good, bad, or okay. The pros and cons will be easier to detect with multiple opinions because there will probably be repeated information. Having multiple opinions from different people is better than having only one because a person will get better different points of view, know why a person's opinion was what it was, and understand the pros and cons.

One reason why asking for different opinions is better because one will get a multitude of of points of view. Having a variety of views is good because somebody can base his or her choice from a collection. For example, some friends get into a fight, but one person is bystander. One of the friends ask the bystander to take his or her side of the fight, but the bystander doesn't know the other friend's side. The bystander is basically supporting one side of the story without knowing the other friend's story. If the bystander knew the other friend's story, his or her decision may have been altered.

Another reason why having a variety of opinions is important because someone will know the reason why a person's opinion was positive, negative, or neutral. Knowing why a person's opinion was what it was is important because the information could be be useful to someone. For instance, a new artist needs suggestions on where to buy the best art supplies. The artist's art teacher recommended him to go to Brand XY's art store, because it has nice staff, while his friend recommended him to go to Brand XYZ's art store because it has a wide assortment to choose from. Based on these opinions, the artist decides to go to Brand XYZ's art store because he needs the best art supplies and has an assortment to choose from.

Finally, the last reason why having an array of opinions is crucial because a person will be able to detect the pros and cons of a specific subject. Detecting pros and cons are fundamental because a consumer will know what to expect. Examples of this are reviews for certain items and locations. Consumers write reviews, so they can let other people know if they should or should not go to certain places or buy a certain item. When a person reads these reviews, they get a sense of what's good and what's bad.

When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. People get different opinions so that they can get a good understanding of the the topic and have different perspectives. Somebody also might want different opinions, so they can see if something specific they want is in their topic. Another person maybe a consumer, looking for the best items or place to go, and basing where or what they want on reviews. These are all the reasons why asking multiple people for their opinions is better than asking a single person: A person will have different perspectives, know why a person's opinion was what it was, and understand the pros and cons.  