Have you ever thought about changing your life, going to China and Europe, or wnating to join a program and find out how it works? I will describe details why I wnat you to be in the Seagoing Cowboys program. I will include how it may change your life and the amazing sights I've seen, to try and persude you to join us in the program.

Firstly, I think that you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program because of how it will change your life. Before the program I was just a kid, graduated from high school, and working two part-time jobs. I worked at a grocery store and a bank when my friend, Don Reist stopped by to invite me to go to Europe in a cattle boat. I could not say no and I accepted the offer. That decision changed my life a lot.

In addition, I think that you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program beause of all of the amazing sights you will see. Besides helping people, I got to see parts of Europe and China. I got to see the Acropolis in Greece, which was very special. I also got to take a gondola ride in Venice, Italy, where the streets are water. I also got to tour an excavated castle in Crete and I marveld at the Panama canal on my way to China.

Lastly, I think you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program beacuse of how it works and how it helps people. You were probably thinking "How does this program work?" I have an answer for that question. When I was young and I got the opportunity to go to Europe with Don, I signed up for the Seagoing Cowboys program. This program is where you take care of horses, young cows, and mules that have been shipped over sea. When World

War II ended in Europe, many countries were left in ruins. To help these countries recover their food supplies, animals, and much more, forty-four countries came together and formed the UNRRA ( the United Nation Relief and Rehabilitaion Adminitration). The UNRRA hired "Seagoing Cowboys" to take care of the animals.

In conclusion, you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program for many reasons. You will help ruined countries, see amazing sights, and go on an adventure of your own across the sea. This program will change your life and hopefully you will understand now why this is such a good and helpful program. I hope you will consider going into this program, and remember that if you do you will be helping thousands and thousands of people in different countries. 