Work over the summer sounds boring enough, it creates less time to have fun over the summer break. However, what if it was the students to design the summer project, that can be based on a interest, a hobby, or an activity. In addition, if this was a possibility, creativity can shine on a student project, and a sense of pride upon working, so while doing work, student can enjoy of what they enjoy, share their ideas and passion. While others believe, that teacher should designed the summer projects; However, if the summer project was a student design, it'll benefits students and gives freedom to work on what they are interested.

If were to be students designing a summer project for school, it brings out the creativity and how its unique from comparing other student's projects. Also, this summer project can spark a students passion or ideas to share, and create a voice for themselves. Moreover, student designed project, can cause less vulnerability of copying others projects, it creates a space where everyone is unique in their own way. I've done this project similar to the summer project, but mine wasn't in the summer, this was an annual thing where students share their ideas or passion in the criteria of being a creative and critical thinking, communication, etc. The project was a student based work, this benefited everyone to become unique and show your ideas to be a being collaborator, or communicator. Their were many different projects and many different voices spread across the school, it made me to feel that being different is great and striving for the passion is a key to owning success. I had fun doing this project, it gave me more freedom, it made me connect to more people who has same passion and ideas as I did. If the summer project was a student design project, it can help people spread their passion.

From the project, there was not a lot of commitment for sharing ideas. Procrastination happens a lot, student can pretend to work on it because they are afraid that it will take to long, or worked on it poorly just for a good grade. Also, how would the grading system work on the summer project, how can a teacher grade on a student of their ideas. Moreover, a teacher designed project would set standards of the project and can help students complete it, and it can be easy to know the rules of making the project. When I was preparing my project, I saw many student did their work but with low quality work, their wasn't a lot of encouragement to the students project. There should be requirements on the summer project, to make rules that are not strict, but can set and help students to regulate their project.

In conclusion, student designed project should be the main design, it helps student bring out their creative side and share ideas. Although, this can lead into lazy work, to no work at all, or no encouragement among students. Setting regulations and rules toward the project, can help to set up thier ideas or passion to share. 