Do you think that seeking more opinions can help you to make a better choice? If you get multiple opinions, you will have the capability to make better choices throughout your life. I believe that seeking more opinions is a better option because you can find many different points of view, you can get more options, and some people are more knowledgeable than others.

The first reason why seeking multiple opinions is better, is that you can get multiple different points of view. An example of this would be baking a cake. Many people have baked their cakes differently. My grandmother will make a sketch of the cake before she makes it, while my mother will be thinking of the design of the cake while she is making it. Another example of this would be gardening. When I garden, I will pull the weeds out first and then water the plants. But my grandfather will water the plants before he pulls out the weeds. Getting different points of view can help make a decision between something. These two examples show that it is better to get multiple different points of view.

My second reason why seeking multiple opinions is better, is that you get more options for your choice. An example of this would be making dinner for your family. Some of your family might want spaghetti, while the rest of your family wants fried chicken. When you have more options, you have a wider variety that you can choose from. Another example of this would be going out to eat with your friends. When you go out to eat, people never seem to agree with eachother. Some of your friends might want Taco Bell while your other friends might want Texas Roadhouse. You can get many different options for many things with the opinions of different people. These two examples show that having more options will make things turn out better.

My final reason why seeking multiple opinions is better, is that some people are more knowledgeable than others. An example of this would be buying a car. When you buy a car, you want to get the best car that's available within your budget. If you talk to a car salesman he/she will know more about what kind of car that you are able to get, versus asking your 12-year old brother which car you should buy. Another example of this would be to buy a house. If your have a budget for a house, you would like to find the best house that you can afford. A real estate agent can help you find and pick a house that is affordable, opposed to talking to a fisherman about what houses are availiable in the area. These two examples show that you can make better choices when you talk to with people who are more knowledgeable in that area.

I believe that seeking more opinions is better because you can find many different points of view, you can get more options, and some people are more knowledgeable than others. There are many ways to make choices, but the best way is to find multiple opinions. These three reasons and their examples all show that it is better to get multiple opinions before you make a choice about something.