Do you think repeating your schedule over and over for 9 months can be stressful? And to make it even worse, waking up early every morning just to get ready to catch a bus that takes you nowhere else but a buliding that causes stress or maybe even depression? I feel that when school offer distnace learning as an option for students, they're doing the right things because not everything is for everyone. So yes, I do think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

One of my reasons why I think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home is that they would save a whole lot of time. Unlike me, I have to get up at 6:30 sharp because I need to catch the bus on time, eat my breakfast and simply need to get ready for school. That is time consuming and doing that repeatingly can cause stress. We simply do not want any stress right? Due to the difference in timing, attendence would play a big factor to your school life. If you apply for colleges, they wouldn't know about your attendance. think about it.

Another reason why I think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home is that you would be home! There are many times I'd feel so uncomfortable being in school. My friend, who is homeschooled, said to me "being homeschooled is better than being at school and having that same routine everyday." I feel like without being in the state of uncomfortableness you can operate and concentrate a whole lot more. You can gain more knowledge and that could lead better understanding to the topic.

Some people would say physically being in the class is better because you won't get the same experience a being in a classroom. I SAY NO TO THAT. Being in a class full of people you might not know is awkard and sometimes nerve racking. There are so many things going on in such a small classroom for example; people yelling, interupting the class and even in worse scenarios those "class clowns." You wouldn't be in a quiet enviorment and that could lead you to unproductivity. I just dont think that's worth it.

In conclusion, I do think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. People might say other things. But I don't think it's right that students should suffer from being at school. I sure do know a lot of people who do including me. You can save a whole lot of time and be way more productive than you would in your average class. School is important and should be like that always.