The future of technology in this world keeps increasing and most things are now online. For example: homework, books, mail, games, shopping, ordering food, etc. One day everything is going to be online and there won't be a need for schools or libraries or other things because you could learn about it just by looking it up on the internet. Some schools won't even be needed because of distance learning, you could learn everything from kindergarten to 12th grade all on a laptop, phone or computer. Although some students prefer distance learning, actually going to school is more beneficial.

People would find it easier to have online school then to go to school, like you wouldn't have to worry about missing the bus or losing your work or homework because it would all be on your device. It will also keep things more neat, so then students can't make an excess saying they lost it. Another thing is that you don't have to go anywhere, all you have to do is turn on your device and get ready to learn, you can stay and go through a full day of school in bed. A lot of people think distance learning is more safer than going to school, you wouldn't get bullied or pick on, and no more school accidents. Distance learning would be a great and better for students especially because they get to stay at home.

Not going to school anymore would be an awful experience for students growing up. They won't be able actually gain any friends and won't get to be as active as kids that would go to school. They will never get the feeling of sitting in a classroom or walking in the halls. It wouldn't be healthy for kids because they need to physically learn with other children next to them to be able to establish how to act outside of school and to build better character. Childhoods memories are meant for people to remember their best moments of when they were a kid and if distance learning starts happening, childhood memories would be bland and boring for the kids that grew up with distance learning.

Students could easily lose focus and do want ever they want during online classes. Since their at home students have all the freedom they want, they could: cook, listen to music, sleep, take a shower or bath, play games, etc. instead of listening to the teacher. They could also cheat by searching up the answers during a lesson and could pass a class, but not learn anything from it. The If they just cheat all the time they won't gain any knowledge of what was learned during the year. It also won't help if students just keep looking at computer all day, they will get tired of it and it could hurt their vision.

Although some students prefer distance learning, actually going to school is more beneficial. Distance learning is a horrible experience for students and it doesn't help when it comes to the real world. Students could often lose interest in online school and it could really mess with their health. Parents would mostly want kids to go to school to get to know people and enjoy the world without technology. Distance learning won't give the experience you want as a kid, going to school is what's going to build who you are and help you find out about yourself.