Should drivers be able to use their phones while driving? GPS, Instagram, Facebook, in other words distractions shouldn't be allowed while operating a 2 ton vehicle capable of killing someone and yourself within seconds. With a split second decision you could be dead or responsible for a death for a text message or a video or post something that would've been there later on.

Did you know texting and driving is one of the leading causes of vehicle deaths. With just a slight 2 second check of a message can cause you to be in prisoned for vehicular homicide causing you not to be able to text, talk, and touch to that person as much as you want. You could your freedom behind it. Your Family could lose they child, cousin, sister, brother, niece or nephew behind a simple "ok". You could be preparing your family for a funeral or a court date. A casket or a cell. A T shirt or a Suit. Worse than that you could possible deal with the conscious of killing someone. 3,287 deaths because of distracted driving in 2018.

What apps are included in these "distractions"? Should GPS count? GPS should count for 2 reason. While GPS has been very beneficial in the 20 century however in GPS requires attention of the driver. For instance the driver the driver missed what the GPS says and pick up the phone to check to see where to turn now while a minority of drivers have a type of device to hold their phone up near the face to be able to see without looking down but a majority of driver use there cup holder and with that they have to bring they attention off the road for a certain amount of time. Although that's that one driver issue it only takes one domino to knock the whole thing down meaning It can cause the whole street to be endangered. Also with GPS drivers tend to pull risky and immature decision to make a correction after missing a turn cause the proper procedures to not be follow and having other drivers confused which can cause a crash and more.

While driving do you ever think you're responsible for the whole car? The operator of the vehicle is responsible for everybody inside the vehicle. For instance god forbid (2x knocks on wood) say your operating a vehicle a with a family member you care for inside and you went to check a message for 0.9 second within that time you are partially over the on the express way you are struck by a tractor trailer on the right side cause your car to roll multiple times. Your roof in pounded inside and your family member is hurt traumatically. Now you're put in a situation you can't control because you made a decision you could've controlled. Would you be ok with being the murder of a loved one?

What about in case of an emergency? In case of an emergency you should have your destination set before driving and If not you should pull up to see how you should address the situation and in case you need to make a phone you should have a passenger assist and if there isn't one then pull along the shoulder and call who is needed while operating the car speaker could be an important sources or reliable resource.

In conclusion, use technology while driving isn't safe. I don't think it should be a thing. With the new technology in the 20century it will be possible to make calls text people back without even touching your phone just based off the development of technology. When you drive , drive safe for your family and for all that care about you and for safety of the other drivers.            