Why do people ask for advise from more then one person?

When people are seeking advise, they will sometimes ask more than one person. Why do people do this? Usually, that person wants more than one perspective, they may want to understand different opinions. Think of it as a serve, your eating at a restaurant and the waitress gives you a slip of paper asking "

how'd we do?"

The restaurant wants to understand what they can do to make dinning there better.

There are many other ways that explain why people ask for advise from more than one person. In order to find the best reason to understand why people ask more than one person for advise maybe to do it your self. Some examples maybe to ask some friends, "

whats' your favorite color "

or

" what did you think about the big game last night."

Simple questions can have simple answers, but have a great impacted on what your looking for. Eventually, you find what your looking for and you would know what your favorite colors and things to eat are.

Asking multiple people the same question could provide many outcomes too. For example, say you were thinking about getting the newest game console, but you also want to get the latest phone, and you have enough money only to get one. You could ask people what they think that you should get first if cannot make a decision. If I were debating on getting a new console, or the latest phone I would use tally marks to keep tract of all the votes. That way you won't forget about all the vote of the people you asked. You got the new console, and the next thing you know you here about the latest phone catching on fire. Talk about a good outcome!

If still don't get why a person may ask different people the same question then just think of it like voting. You maybe thinking voting is a totally different organization, not quite. In theory, voting has a lot to do with the prompt: why do people ask for advise from more then one person. Its literally in the name, voting is like asking people what'd they think, and the outcome is who or what wins the vote. As you can see the previous votes have not had a such good outcome. "Donald Trump."

In conclusion, when people ask for advise, yes, they will sometimes talk to more than one person, because maybe the best advise isn't the first thing you hear. Thats why people do it. To find a difference. To find the best difference. Finally, multiple opinions from multiple people can come into role and help someone make better choices.