Has there ever been a time in your life when you didn't know what to do and needed advice? When you asked someone something did you only ask that person or multiple people? There are some people that only ask one person. But I will explain why asking multiple people is better than asking one specific person. That is because getting different point of views allow different feelings and understandings, you find out things you never knew,and you get to learn about that person.

My first reason, is you get to see different point of views which allow you to feel and understand that person better. Different point of views help some people get through things and helps others get to the right place. As you learn it makes you want more to learn. But learning that much takes time.

The next reason, you find out things you never knew. Finding out new things can be scary as well as exciting, but that is a part of different views. Some people hate finding out new things because their scared of what is is. An example is if a family of four found out that their mom has a third child the family would be devastated at the fact of another child they knew nothing about. But there are just somethings people have to learn to except.

The last reason, you get to learn about that person. Learning about new people is always exciting. You can make new friends, and your friends can meet new friends. But meeting new people is still hard because you don't anything about them. Also when you try to learn about them they can get defensive. Some people hate their past,

but they need new people to be friends with to forget about their past.

The conclusion of this is different point of views can help people in a lot of ways. You can meet new people, find out things you never knew. But the important thing is how you can see different point if views for advice. And advice from more than one person is a good thing. So make sure to ask multiple people about something to get different angles of that thing