There are some schools in the country that allow and are trying to enforce Distance learning. They say that it would benefit the students because they would be able to access their classes online but in reality it would only give us more stress.

However there are some families who don't have the same benefits like everyone else. Won't be able to access the internet for the online classes and yes it may sound sad, but that is the reality we are living in. There was this classmate of mine, Generic_Name, we were given an assignment online and was due the very next day but he wasnt able to do it because he didn't have internet and so the teacher blamed it on him as if it really was his fault. Teachers are the ones wanting this because then they are just able to leave all the lesson plans online and say it due the very next day because we are able to do it at home. Kids come to school to learn, not to take everything at home and due it as if they have no life.

Meanwhile, Some schools are giving kids options to go to class and or take them online. The schools like to think the best about everyone but there will be some kids using it as a way to not do anything. Last class there was a student named Generic_Name and he came to English class late so he had to do the work at home and the teacher put so much trust into him just for him to go out partying and not get anything done. It is better to do things in class and in the moment we are required to do so. By schools giving the options some may take it to advantage and some might put the work in to it but it really comes down to the students and many would say to do it in class. There are already so many distraction here in school like; your friends, phones and even people walking in the halls, but the same goes for at home. Here at school you have the teachers enforcing the rules and at home its just you, so you don't really worry about till the very last second. Students should stay in class and do their work rather than taking it home and doing it there where they would get distracted so easily.

High school students have been known to have the exact stress levels as a person in an insane asylum and that is just from school work, but image if we started to bring school work home. When students enter their homes that is the time they are able to relax and release stress, not gain more. People dont really like to bring this subject up but by stacking stress onto stress is one of the main causes to suicides in high school. In high school we have take up to seven classes and that means seven the ties of stress, we take up all of our time in doing homework, sports and even work, why? because we have always been told that, you have to get a job to pay for college, you have to play a sport in high school to make friends. By doing homework, playing sports and working, no one has time to come home at like nine at night and have time to be with their families. The lack of family contact is another reasons of suicides and the thing stopping from getting the time and contact is school and extra homework. And giving us distance learning would only make things worse.

Meanwhile, giving students the ability to do things from home would be great, but they would be lacking in human skills. By doing everything online at home sets a wall between the teacher and student. They wouldnt know life skills because you and to learn all of that in school by learning from your mistakes. Distance learning is the same as a child being home-schooled by their parents, they would only really know how to act with them and the moment they get sent out into the real world they don't know how to interact with anyone. We need human contact with each other in order to be sane. They need to learn how to trust someone and build relationships that would last a life time and they wouldn't be able to do that in their own homes.

However, there are some benefits of distance learning. You are able to be out sick and not be behind in class because the teacher would just be able to send you the work. If you were to have any questions you would be able to send a message to your teacher.

With the schools in the country trying to enforce distance learning may be focusing only on the benefits, and leaving the entire well being of their students. They are thinking about how it would impact them now and not in the long run. The stress levels would increase and so would the suicide rates.  