Venus has many dangeres thing that could kill people and the auther explaings how it is still worth explaring it. It is really hot and has almost no air that we can breath. NASA is trying to figer a way that they can study venus without getting hurt.

He says that Venus could have been just like earth with life living on it. It has simmiler rock formashen, valleys, mountains, and craters such as earth does from where water used to be. It now has vary dangres atmosphere it is like 800 degrees and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times grater then it is on are planet. Venus almost has a 97 percent caedon dixide blankets, it has the hottes surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. Venus has geology and wather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes.

NASA is working on possible solution to the hostile conditions of venus and they would allow scientists to float above the fray. It would be a blimp like vehicle hovering 30 or so milews above venuses landscapeing. It would be it by hovering over venus it would avoid all the unfriendly ground counditions, by staying up and out of their way. At 30 puls miles away it should be around 170 degrees fahrenheit and the air pressure would be close to that of a sea level on earth. Soler power would be good and the radiation would not exceed earth levels.

Even if we were able to have a ship hover over the planet we would be able to see much becouse most froms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere. It is rendering standerdforms of photography and videography, reachers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. NASA is working on other approaches to study venus like some electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested. Other way is looking at technology from the past like the mechanical computers, they were frist envisioned in the 1800s, it played an important role in the 1940s throw ww2. They calculation by using gears and levers and do not required electronics unlike modern computers that enormously poweful, flexible , and quick, but is more delicate when it come to extreme physical conditions.

Venus is a very dangers planet but is it alos a really intersing planet that can have really hight timpers and bad storms and earthquakes. NASA is hopefully going to find a way to inter the planet one day if they have to use silicon cardbide or older computers they will one day be able to explor Venus and see what it has in store for them.