Boom the sound of ginourmous truck slamming into a house full of people , smoke everywere there's about to be a fire many people are unconcious or dead. More than half of the people in the house are rushed to the hospital. As you can see there has been an atrocious accident because of that vehicle. Their should definitley be a limiting of car usage because their would be less car accidents , people would be able to spend less money on cars and we would have less air pollution. Also having a car can cause a lot of stress or tension for people.

Obviously we're having a lot of problems with money in this world , if we limit car usage that would really help is us out a lot. See as it states in source one paragraph two '' A car-owner buys a space, for forty thousand dollars , along with a home.'' With those forty thousand dollars you can do a lot to help the world . It aslo says that fifty seven percent of the people who live in a suburban area sold their cars just move where they live at now. Who needs a car when you can just walk ''stores are placed a walk away, on a main street rather than the malls along some distant highway. ''source one paragraph 6.

Pollution is destroying our world and we need to help stop it, so here's an idea lets ban driving due to smog says Paris. Their was an enforced partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. Do you agree with that? well I do and here's why . Paris has more smog than other European capitals so if they don't stop the smog it's going to be horrific for their city. Source three paragraph twenty one '' the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog.'''Not having cars for one day is brilliant idea because is an improvement to the city of Bogota.

Their is a lot of disruptions an accidents going on because of cars mainly because of the traffic so if their was less cars it would be more peaceful. Usually when there's traffic you hear a lot honking and there's a lot fines for that. The fines are very expensive to pay so you're wasting a lot of money. Also when people are honking they don't realize that other people are sleeping . Everyone needs sleep , some people can't sleep through everything so all it takes is one honk and bam they're awake. Sleeping is really needed in your life imagine notgetting enough sleep because of traffic well yeah that would suck an a lot of people already go through that .

So in conclusion what I'm saying is car usage should definitly be limited at least in some countries or states. Money is a really big problem we have that needs to be solved and this is a great way. People living in a surburan area have to pay more just for extra parking places. Air pollution is very bad for the world with les cars that will stop as well. Traffic is not good for the world either because it is stressful an it is not good for people to be stressed.    