Generic_Name

3-9-20

Writing SOL

Distance Learning

Over the years people have come up with alternatives to attending to public or private school. These alternatives are online school, video conferencing, and home school. While some prefer the idea of leaving the house and going to school people have become more open minded about distance learning.

Personally I am for the idea of distance learning. Distance learning gives students a more comfortable environment to work in.

Distance learning is great, because it doesnt take a toll on your mental health. Going to school can make people feel like they have to live up to a certain standard to feel accepted. School can leave kids feeling depressed and alone. Distance learning is great, because when you are learning from home students are not seeking the validation of their peers. When kids attend school they worry a lot about what people think of them and that can distract them from doing what they need to do. When learning from home students can act dress however they want in the comfort of their own home. Students also wont be as hesitant to ask questions because they are not worried about not feeling as smart as other students.

Another benefit of doing distance school is not having to worry about being late. If a student wakes up late they can just log in and do their work. Students wont have to worry about getting dressed and rushing to get to school on time because their school, will be on their devices. Its convenient for student because they no longer need to catch the bus. Parents can also benefit because they no longer have to wake up early to drive their kids to and from the bus stop or school.

When going to public school you have to worry about a lot of things. The things that students worry about are waking up early and going to bed on time all while have to do a bunch of homework and some even do after school activities. A lot of time because students have to worry about all these things at once they dont go to bed at a decent time. Students get a bunch of homework all at once and are still expected to get a full eight hours of sleep. some people can only get three because they are constantly given more and more work. This is why a lot of students are sleep deprived and fall asleep during lessons. Online school is more lenient because while there are deadlines students have more time to work because they dont always have to worry about after school sports and clubs. A lot of the time students who work online have more free time because they can do their work whenever as long as it is done on time.

A lot of the time online school students have more free time. Since they have more free time they can get a job that pays well. Students that attend public school sometimes dont have time for jobs because they are juggling homework and after school activities. A lot of students do have jobs though but it is harder when they have other things to do that are school related.

Overall distance learning is a good idea that I think a lot more people will be using in the future. Even though you are losing some when doing online school you are also gaining a lot. I think it is a good idea for students struggling with their mental health and dont like environment they are in at public school. 