Dear Mrs. Principal with no given name,

Your addition to the school rules of requiring a B average to participate in all non mandatory sports related activities has come to my attention and I applaud you for it.

The fact that so many students have a C average is very disappointing. Students should strive to achieve much higher than a C, and upping the anti is just what this school needs. It is in my personal belief that one should only participate in extra curricular activities if they are already succeeding in the regular mandatory school activities.

As the saying goes, you should not learn to run before you have learned to walk.

There is another reason that this is a good and wise plan. Since many students in sport related activities are doing so poorly in school, taking sports away from them might-no, WILL encourage them to do better in school. Imagine if instead of working all an employee did was slack off and sleep on the job, demoting or firing them would force them to work harder and not reward them for doing nothing. Just like getting paid, sports related activities should be considered a reward for doing what you are supposed to, and as a reward it will be that much more sweeter for all those who partake in these activities.

Though I do have one suggestion that would improve the rule and possibly your popularity and image in the school. Have the rule not take affect until the end of next term, that way students who are doing poorly now have a chance to redeem themselves and not suddenly be kicked off their sports teams. They deserve a chance to straighten up and fly right.

There is another question that should be answered, will the rule still be in effect for students with special needs? Personally I do not believe that it should be the same, there should be some slight changes.

To sum it up, I believe that you are doing a good thing for our school but you could do things to ensure that the rule is a little more fair. Remember, this rule is for their own good.

Sincerely yours,

STUDENT_NAME.