"America for the people, by the people". Dear senators in which who favor keeping the Electoral College of the United States. Ask yourself this question "if this country was made for the people, by the people, why aren't we allowed to vote for our own president"?

The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. It's time for change.

To begin with, the principles of America were made under the intention to create a country of equality. This electoral college has created a boundary between the people and it's government. Under the electoral college system, voters vote for not the president, but for a slate elector, who in turn elects the president. By this doing are voice aren't being heard. It's like giving a homeless person five-dollars, we don't know where are money is going. This system needs to be replaced by the popular vote, so that are voice could be heard.

To continue, this system is extremely outdated. The fact that our founding fathers established it in the Constitution, as a comprimse between election of the president, is living proof how outdated this system is. This system runs like zombie after the crash of a 5 hours energy drink. Heck, this system is so old, my grandma remebers the day it was established, like it was yesterday. Although this rustbucket is old, the worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, and still not by the hands of "the people". We demand change!

Although some may say, this systems prevents a bunch of yahoo's from voting. Everyone desevere their take on the subject of matter. There's an adge saying " the one's you don't expects to learn from, can teach you the most". After all it is our right to vote, as it is promise in the Constitution. The electoral system is an irrational system. It's basically like a slap in the face. A way of the government saying we're a bunch of dodo birds, that are incapable of voting.

In conclusion, It's official, the electoral college is unfair, extremely outdated, and irrational. The world is changing around us and it's time to adapt. Instead of "pointing guns at eachother", we need to assemble. "Give me freedom or give me death". Bob Dole was right: Abolish the electoral college!    