I think that we should change to popular vote for president of the United States. Instead of the Electorial College. I think this for a lot of reasons, one is because you dont vote for the president but for the electors. It is unfair because they have a winner takes all system. Also if there is a tie the state gets to decide. Electers can defy the will of the people. The electorial college should be changed to popular vote for the president.

First, you have to vote for the electors not the president. Then only if they win there votes go through. You can't even control who the electors vote for. Voters sometimes get confused on who there voting for and vote for the wrong elector. Over sixty percent of voters would prefer a direct election than what we have now.

Then, they have the winner takes all system. Also candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning in. Seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all. states like Rhode Island, South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't even see a campain ad. Though they established electorial college in the constituition Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, agreed on abolishing the electorial college.

Lastly, electers can defy the will of the people. The state legislatures are resposible for picking the electors. If there is a tie between the electors then the state gets to decide. Richard Nixon was presiding over the senate he then validated only his opponent's electors. He made sure to do so without establishing a precedent. What if this possibly happens again?

The electorial college should be changed to popular vote for the president. This should be done because the electorial college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. You also dont vote for the president you vote for the electors. Its also unfair because of the winner takes all system. Also if there is a tie the state gets to vote for the president. The electorial college should be changed to the popular vote for the president, because the electors can defy the will of the people.                          