There are many advantages to limiting car usage. The whole world has already figured that out. Many countries are now starting to limit the car usage. It is a good idea to limit the car usage because they damage our enviroment and cars are not needed for average everyday life.

First, reducing the use of cars would make the world a much better place in terms of the enviroment. In the article "Paris bans driving due to smog" written by Robert Duffer he explains how the smog caused by cars has polluted the air causing Paris to put a partial ban on driving. " Diesel fuel was blamed, since France has ... a tax policy that facors diesel over gasoline. Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in France....". This quote by Robert Duffer explains just how bad the air must have been polluted because of the cars. They blamed the pollution on diesel fuel and that was 67 percent of the cars in France, which is a lot, and it was so bad that they had to make a partial ban to driving. We can already tell that our enviroment is not that good because of all the other pollutants that we have but by reducing the usage of cars that can make our enviroment so much better because that is getting rid of one major factor to the problem of pollution.

Next, many people do not even use cars that much. As stated in the article "The end of car culture" written by Elisabeth Rosenthal "A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009..". In this quote it states that a lot of new people are not starting to drive anymore. Without new people driving we will just loose the amount of people driving continuosly becasue of people dying and no people to replace them. Also in the article "In German Suburb, life goes on without cars" written also by Elisabeth Rosenthal, it explains how the people don't need cars anymore because they can just walk, ride, or find another way to their destination. Therefore if there is no longer a need for cars then we can easily limit the use of them.

In conclusion, there is not a reason anymore to use cars. If we can compact some cities and make everything easy enough to access without a car then we could just get rid of them completely. Cars are only used for transportation, otherwise they just cause problems like pollution, acciedents, and being unhealthy. So it would be excellent to limit car usage to help the enviroment and to jsut get rid of them entirely becasue we no longer need them.            