I think that, taking classes from home would help students. Nowadays, some students are not able to go to school and take the class, because of the distance problem, or some other issues. In this situation taking a class from home would benifit students. However, there are some students who are not able to learn from an online course, or they can't learn from a video. In this situation they need someone to guid them through the online course, or they can take a home tutour.

I am, a kind of student who can benifit from an online course. In 2017, I wanted to take my learner's permit. The DMV offered me driver's education class. At that time, my father was the only person at the house who had licence. He had work so, he wasn't able to give me ride every single day. So, I decided to take the driver's education class online. I spent less than two weeks on that course. After completing the course, I asked my dad to take me to the DMV to take the test. He told me that, you won't pass the test. Because, you are not ready, and how can you study by urself? it's impossible. I smiled, and told him that, trust me I will pass. Next morning, he took me to the DMV. After taking the test, when I came out, my father asked me in excited way that, what was the result? I hugged him, and told him that, I passed. My father was so proud of me, and I was so happy that, taking online class wasn't my bad decision.

My aunt lives in Denmark. She is married, and she has two kids. She is very talented, and she loves to study. One day I was talking to her about her studies and school. But, she told me that she can't go to school anymore. Because, she has to take care of her family. She was really upset and hopeless,and I was feeling really bad for her. After few days, I called her and suggest her to take the online classes. When she took the online classes, she called me, and told me that, she can't learn from the videos. Then, I guid her through the online courses that, she were taking. After a period of time, when she completed all her classes. She took her deggree in math subject. She was so happy and thankfull from me.

So, I would say that, taking the online course will help students. And if a student is strugling through the online course, or he/she thinks that, they can't learn from a video. Then, they should ask someone to guid them through the online course. So, they can be successful in their life.