I personally think every kid should do some sort of extracurricular activity,for one the activities could help them find new friends,they can look good on college resumes,and all around make the persons' school experience better. The first reason is that extracurricular activities can help students find new friends. This is what happens normally when playing sports,because everyone playing that sport has to play as a team. The next example is that participating in an extracurricular activity can look good on college resumes. If you play a sport or are in a club and stay committed to it, that is what colleges look for. The last example is the activities someone takes part in,can help them through the rest of the year. Clubs or participating on school council can make your year more interesting,because you almost always have something to look forward to.

The first part of my examples I want to talk about, is that the activity you pick can possibly assist you in finding a new friend. For instance if you play a sport,then that means you play with at least 10 other people. Therefore you will have to work as a team,or else you guys wouldn't win much. That is why there is practices,because the coaches are trying to get you and your teammates used to playing alongside each other. You start to know each other better and better as the season goes on and by the end of the year,a person you played with could become a close friend. Another example would be if you are in a school club, you will work along side others which could spark a friendship down the line. This is also the case when you are on student council you work with others for a lot of if not the whole year. Besides those examples there are so many more extracurricular activities that could help you find new friends. That was multiple reasons how you could make new friends during extracurricular activities.

The second point I have stated could be the most important in someone's life,the example is that if you participate in any sort of activity for your school would look good on your college resume. This is a great example of why you should do extracurricular things in school, and stay committed with it. For example if you play football for your whole high school and middle school career and stay with it,in turn colleges will see that you were physically and mentally committed to something and possibly could accept you. Therefore if there are bigger colleges wanting to accept you,where if you graduate it could turn into a very good paying job,you have a great future ahead of you. Those were just a few of my reasonings why extracurricular activities would look good on college resumes.

The third and final example of why you should do extra activities for your school is it can make your whole school experience better. Specifically in sports when you have a game on a school day. When you get to the school in the morning on game day it goes by really quick,because you have something you are looking forward to do. This can also happen when you have a club party,fundraisers,or any special event for your club or sport. In any instance you are looking forward to having fun out of school with your classmates/club members or your teammates. That is also another great place to make friends whether its a chill hang out with your teammates or it is a special event for your club you still can make friends in either situation,which could lead to you and your new friend to hang out more in school, that would also make the school day more enjoyable. Those were my reasons why people should do activities so it could make them like school more.

People should participate in extracurricular activities because they can,make new friends,have a good college resume,and make school a lot more enjoyable. The first reason is so they can make new friends,which this happens in any kind of activity you do. The second is it would look good on a college resume,more clubs you join the more colleges look at you. The third and final reason is so it can make school more fun and enjoyable,it can be because you made a new friend or if you are waiting on a special event. The whole idea of school is to set yourself up for success and joining clubs,doing sports or any other activity can help you in doing that. Granted you might not make it in the best college but at least you won't regret doing the extracurricular activities you did and had fun doing them.