Imagine if you showed up to school on a dull and dreary Monday, and as you tremble through the door, the principle is making an announcement saying that you must participate in an extracurricular activity. What are your first thoughts? While the majority of students may be perfectly fine with it, I would be questioning a lot! Many students may be busy or may not want to participate in an extracurricular activity, and that's completely okay. I believe that students should not have to participate in a required extracurricular activity and so should you because it can increase homework and stress, cause the students to have less time for the activities they love, and some students may be busy that early, foggy evening.

For example, Students should not have to participate in an extracurricular activity because it can cause them to have more homework, which could increase stress, and may cause some kind of diagnosis like anxiety. You might also receive less sleep, due to more homework. I know that when my mom was in school, she tried her very best, and still participated in extracurricular activities, but soon it got to be too much extra assignments, which caused her to develop anxiety and go to bed much later, still working on assignments from that day. When you have too much going on at once, you may begin developing a negative attitude on those around you. Therefore, that can also be an effect of an extracurricular activity and too much extra homework.

Next, I believe that having to join in on an extracurricular activity can cause more students to have less time for the activities they love, outside of school or inside of school. Chores may possibly be an example, maybe you enjoy cleaning the house for a fifteen-dollar allowance every week from your parents. On the other hand, do you enjoy being picked up from school by your favorite family member? Well if you have an after school activity every day, you wouldn't be able to travel with your aunt Generic_Name every Wednesday to shop for your new favorite trends! If you are always filled with boredom and love hanging outside, you may have to miss time for that. For example, say it is a beautiful Friday and your uncle Generic_Name wants to take you fishing at exactly three o' clock that evening. You may have to miss that because of an extra activity at school.

Finally, students may have a set schedule and won't have time for an extra activity. A couple examples may include, going with your sister on Tuesdays to watch her game, or going every Monday to meet with your youth group. Around this age, thirteen or fourteen, you may have an after school job. Which could include places like McDonalds, or a local animal shelter. One of my friends work at McDonalds on Fridays from four-thirty to nine, or earlier. You can't skip work for an extracurricular school activity. Some students have to provide for their family, maybe you have an elderly aunt you need to care for, or a paralyzed mother you need to help.

Therefore, I think students should not be required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it can increase homework and stress, cause them to have less time for the activities they love, and some students may be busy that early evening. On the other hand, some students may have shorter days at school if they do not have to participate. I hope you agree with my position, where I disagree with students having to participate in an extracurricular activity. 