Can you always tell if a student is happy or sad by the way he/she looks? With the new technology invention, we can totally see if a student is happy/sad. The use of the Facial Action Coding System is valuable in a class room. it can recognize emotions, it can recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored in class and lastly, it can create emotional communication.

First, the system can recognize emotions. It is not always possible for teachers to make correct assumptions on how the students are feeling. For instance, if someone finds out about how a student is feeling, he/she will have "Some trouble describing each facial trait that conveys, happy, worried." With the use of the facial action code in a classroom, a teacher can precisely tell how a students is feeling. According to Dr. Huang, " The software is the latest innovation from prof. He relied on work from psychologists like Dr. Paul Eckman to classiy the six basic emotions." This totally means that Dr. Huang was able to co-operate with some psychologists to precisely identify the different basic emotions. Sometimes students often show some various degrees of expression (like not smiling as broadly). "Using video imagery, the new emotion-recognition software tracks these facial movements." In this case, we can conclude that the new technology can precisely identify a student emotion. For this reason, the use of a Facial Action Coding System should be allowed in a classroom.

Secondly, this new technology can recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored in class. Teachers can't always tell if a student is getting confused or bored in class. For instance, not all students in class like to speak up when they are getting confused or bored. With the use of Facial Action Coding System, a teacher can clearly see if a student is getting confused or bored. According to the article, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." After recognizing, "It could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." In this case, we can see that the Facial Coding System can recognize when a student is getting bored in class. For this reason, the use of Facial System is valuable because teachers can not always recognize when a student is getting bored in class.

Lastly, the Facial Coding System can create emotional communication. It is not always possible for your friends, teachers or a family member to know how you are feeling. Your friends might sometimes be able to tell due to how you look, but they can't deeply tell what's the problem with you. According to the article "Most humans communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. Computers need to understand that too." It also says in the article that the system can even indicate "The diference between a genuine smile and a forced one." These systems can also comuunicate by describing the type of smile you have on your face. For instance, in a false smile, "The mouth is stretched sideways using zygomatic major and different muscle." According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, "Moving your facila muscles not only expresses, emotions, but also may even help produce them." In this case, we can conclude that these systems are valuable and beneficial in classrooms. For this reason, the use of a Facial Coding System is valuable in a classroom.

In conclusion, the use of a Facial Action Coding System is beneficial in a classroom. The system can recognize emotions, it can tell if a student is getting confused or bored in class, and lastly. the system can create emotional communication. With this invention, a teacher does not always need to ask a student about how they are feeling; he/she can precisely tell by looking into the the Facial System. 