Most students believe doing a project over the summer time is irrelevant. If the project is teacher-design, the teachers will be able to pick what the topic of the project will be about. They can make the topic school related or not school related, some teachers would make it school related because they are trying to see if you still remember the topics that you learned in school over the summer. If the project is student-designed, the students get to pick how they want to do their projects. They can decide if they want to be creative in their project and they can also follow their own rules for the project. The project should be student-designed so they can do as they please in their project.

The sudents get to pick what kind of project they want to do. The students would be able to decide what kind of topic they want to do for the project. Most kids would want to pick the topic so they can know what to do because they picked what they wanted to do. The students can pick what their project is going to be about. They can pick something like animals, math, shoes, or their favorite store and why it's their favorite. Furthermore, they can do a project on any one of those or anything they would like to do. Students get to decide how they want their project done. They get to pick if they want their project to be neat, messy, colorful, or creative because it's their project. Students get to pick their topic of the project they want to do.

Students get to follow their own rules when they do their project. They won't have to worry about a teacher telling them what to do. Instead of listening to the teacher on how and what to do, they can just listen to themselves because it's a student-designed project and they can just follow their own rules. Students may have a manual script on how to do their project. Some students make a list on what they have to do in order for them to do their project so they won't mess up. The students also don't have to worry about if they have to do a lot of work on their project. They can decide if they have to do a lot work or not because it's their project. Some kids don't like to do a lot of work but, they won't have to worry about that because this time they get to decide on if their project would be a lot of work or not. Students get to follow their own rules while doing their project.

Others may argue that the summer project should be teacher-designed. The teachers get to pick what the students project is going to be about. The teacher's could give them a project that's school related or not school related. They get to decide if they want the students to be creative and colorful. Most teachers want want their students to be creative in their project because it can give them more points added to their grade at the end. Also, they get to decide what kind of format it's going to be on like: line paper, drawing paper, a poster board, or on a computer. Right after the the teacher assign the project, they would tell the students what kind of format they want it to be on. The project should be teacher deisgned so they can be in charge of the project.

In conclusion, the project should be student-designed so they can do what they want on their own project. They get to pick what kind of project they want to do and they get to follow their own rules. The students get to do as they please on their project. 