Dear Principle,

As you may already know, community service is in many different forms of work, and many different people perform them. Some ways include, picking up trash, helping the elderly, and maybe even planting flowers around town. A lot of people love to help the environment and help keep the world beautiful. Many do it for punishment, weather you're a prisoner or it's court orders. Community service is just a way to help out in a lot of different ways. And i believe that you should not make us as students perform this not willingly.

First of all community service is where you do something nice basically, and if you have a bunch of kids that do not want to be there, the job either won't get done or won't be what you expected it to be. A lot of time and effort can go into doing something such as simple as planting flowers, but you have to have that drive to do it, that want. You won't be able to see the flowers beauty if a kid doesn't want to be there and wants nothing to do with the project.

Another reason is that most of the time, community service is a punishment. Prisoners pick up litter all the time, and by kids doing this against their will they'll think maybe they did something wrong or think as themselves as a prisoner because they have to do this. No kid wants to do something community service related if they could be playing video games. Yes, maybe a little service won't hurt, but i still don't completely agree with the idea.

Lastly, kids should just enjoy the time they have as children while they can, not picking up trash or reading to the elderly. Part of being a kid is having fun and doing what you love to do, and i know that most kids do not love doing something like service. Sometimes, kids do make mistakes and are ordered to perform service instead of going to prison or jail, but no harm no foul. No misdoing, no punishment. That's my out look.

Community service is a great way to better yourself, but i do not agree with you making us as students do this. You teach us to be creative, how can we be "creative" if you are making us miss going to the movies or keeping us from playing guitar? I believe community service is a free will kind of thing, not against our will.