"So, what you're trying to tell me, is that out of some kinda coincidence, the face was truly just an illusion due to the shadows?" the man asked. "I'm not buying it."

"Yes," I replied, "and I'm about to show you why I'm right."

The man momentarily snickered and went on to say, "I'm all ears."

The face on Mars has long been debated about whether or not it was pure coincidence, or truly an alien landmark that could spark the truth of whether or not aliens truly may exist on planet Mars. Today, I (Nasa Operative) am going to confirm this coincidence simply as nothing more than Martian terrain with a perfect and unusual casting of shadows to create the illusion, along with the help of the article, "Unmasking the Face on Mars".

To begin, as of the past, technology was not very advanced when the first glance at the face was looked at. As of then, the picture was more blurry, and an illusion was casted. These two go hand in hand, as it makes the landscape look more like a face. However, the recent pictures withold better, sharper, and newer quality in which were taken at different angles and lighting, have proven that the "face" was nothing more than Martian landscape. I know this because, "Malin's team captured an extrodinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution. Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo. 'As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size, ' he added.' 'So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!'

What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa---landforms common around the American West."

Furthermore, this set of information proves the theory of an alien artifact wrong. Although many still believe the artifact and that it regeardless may be true life is on Mars, the face is irrelevant to an alien theory and has been debriefed as no more than part of a Martian messa.

"Whatever, geek! You're just saying this stuff to put it in my head!" angrily defended the man.

"The facts don't lie, my friend," I replied, "there may or may not be life on Mars, but there certainly isn't a face."   