Once, driverless cars were something that no one thought possible; but today, they are becoming more and more plausible to see on the road in just a few years. The development of these cars could lead to a safer road environment, and a better experience for former drivers. This could be done by improving safety over manual cars, and even by adding forms of safer entertainment.

In order to alert the passenger in the first place, the smart car would need to have a complex system of sensors. With these in place, the car could sense the speed, the engine function, and have a constant 3D analysis of the car's surroundings. This could allow for the car to sense danger in objects in all directions, as well as dangerous speeds and engine problems. These systems could detect and alert a human passanger much faster than the human could detect or even realize the issues before they cause an accident.

These cars would include necessary safety measures in order to make sure the passenger would not be put in danger in case of emergency. Though these smart cars would be able to accelerate, break, and sense danger on their own, they still would need a human to take over to steer clear of trouble. This could be done by alerts the car has from it's censors such as flashing lights or vibrating seats to get the passenger's attention to take over. This could most certainly prevent accidents before the human even would fully realise the danger.

What about being bored while your car drives itself? Doesn't a smart car take the fun out of driving? Of course not, is the answer. Smart cars could provide a new kind of entertainment aside from just the radio or the TV in the back seat. They could give the same feeling one would have with a smartphone at a handsfree, simple, and most of all, safe experience. All including a feature that shuts all entertainment off when alerting the passenger of danger, leading this to be much safer than using a cellphone at the wheel.

Smart cars could give us many things that make us feel safe, happy, and entertained; Safety features such as censors and alerts make us feel safe, while new forms of entertainment keep us happy when experiencing the driverless car. These cars are soon coming into the modern world, and we are well on our way to excepting them as safe, reliable vehicles. The days of yesterdays self-driving-cars dream, is becoming a reality.                