Are driverless cars a good idea? Driverless cars are a terrible idea because of how dangerous they will be. It is like a robot, anything could happen to the car at any time and then you are stuck, unsure of what to do. This could cause lots of accidents, just knowing that a human will not be operationg the car. In case of an accident, whom is to be blamed, the machine or the "operator". These cars should not only be illegalized in the United States, but they should be illegalized everywhere.

Just to say, perhaps something goes wrong with your machine, breaks go out, steering control column gets thrown off, or a control sensor is broke while driving. How will the car know to pull off the road or even know where "off the road" is? The cars will not know, what to do they are desgned to just drive and the manufaturers are not thinking about, what if something goes wrong with these cars? They are just in it for the money, they are trying to beat all of the other companies. As the passage states, "When these vehicles break down , no one will be there to repair them!" These cars are pretty much just for big money skams, they will come out and be big for a while, then later on everyone will find out they are horible.

What happens when these sorts of cars are in an accident, who will be to blame? There will be accidents with these cars, but when they are in accidents, who will be to blame the car or the operator? No one knwos how this would really play out in court because stuff could break on the car and the car just lost control. If this would be the case you couldn't blame the operator, but you also could not blame a car in court. This would mean that the operator may have injuries, but the biggest thing is that he may not have a car anymore either. Such as the author states, "How will anyone be put to blame in case of accidents or break downs, but most importantly, if the car is at fault how would the other operator get his or her car fixed?" This is the biggest thing of all, is who is to blame in these cases?

Sure these cars will be pretty nice and all, but is a driverless car worth the risk of hurting either you or your family? No it is not, that's why these cars should not be legal in the U.S. or anywhere else. As the author states, "This matter should not only be talked amongst the United States, but also everywhere else in the world to." The author is very right about this because these cars are very dangerous and should not be aloud to be driven.

In conclusion, these driverless cars should not be legal anywhere in the world. They are dangerous and not safe for anyone. A lot could go wrong with these vehicles and could possibly injure someone. Can things not just be kept simple ,and have people quit being lazy and drive thereselves everywhere rather than having a robot do it. Incidents may happens with humans to, but there is nothing but problems to come out of driverless cars!   