lets say that you need to make a choice about something important like college, or what classes your going to take in high school. Would you rather have one opinion about that topic or have multiple opinions? We can also say that the one opinion could either be a good choice or a bad one. But with multiple opinions or views, you can depict from the good and the bad and have that help you make your decision. It would be better to have multiple opinions because you can compare opinions, get different ideas from people, and one opinion isn't always going to be the right choice.

My first reason is that you can get multiple views from different people and compare them. Generic_Name, a researcher from the university of Kentucky ran a poll about this topic. The poll had multiple choices from getting multiple opinions to getting no opinions at all. There were five choices, getting no opinions, getting one opinion, getting a multiple opinions, getting opinions to compare them, and trusting one opinion. There was no shock at all when it had the highest percentage of 54%. The winner was to get multiple opinions to compare them. Even the majority of people think it's right to get multiple decisions than one. I agree with the majority and think it's right to have multiple decisions to choose from and compare the reasoning behind why. The second most with a percentage of 39% was getting multiple decisions which is basically the same as the most. I still agree that this is the second most because I think that getting at least multiple designs is better than one decision or zero decisions. You can't always count on one decision no matter what it is. There was a even split with a percentage of 3 percent for trusting one opinion and getting one opinion. They are both so similar so this makes sense that they have the same percentage. And with a whopping one percent was getting no opinions at all. I am just shocked that someone actually picked no opinions. That poll I liked because I agree with the order that people picked what was better and what was the greatest picked and the least favorite picked.

Another reason why getting multiple choices helps you make a better choice is that you can get different ideas from what other people think. Not everyone thinks the same, so that means there will be a variety of choices that can help you. A rookie in the NBA Steven Shaw had something to say about this. "When I was going into college, I had a choice between playing basketball or football. I coundn't pick between them because I loved both sports, but didn't know what will be the right choice for me. I asked my mom and dad, and they both said basketball. I asked some of my friends and the majority said I should play football. It was about a even split after all those people answered. And then I asked my grandfather and I always knew he would sail me into the right direction. He said basketball and that meant the majority wanted me to play football. But I got better reasoning from the people that wanted me to play basketball. I could've just listened to a friend and played what he said, but one decision isn't always correct. Plus I can see that playing basketball was a better choice." He asked so many people instead of just one. He got different answers from different people and the majority of people he asked wanted him to play football. Even though there were more people wanting him to play football, he thought the ideas from people wanting him to play basketball were better reasons than the people who wanted him to play football. This is why you don't just listen to one person and take their opinion. I think he made the right decision and was smart about it.

My final reason to help make better choices with more opinions is that one opinion isn't always going to be the right choice. A study from the university of Michigan did a study on something similar to this. They asked people on the streets of New York City about this and got reasoning. They all gave different reasoning but almost all of them said having multiple opinions is better. Even people in New York said getting multiple opinions can turn you the right way. There was one person, Generic_Name, who gave excellent detail on why. She stated that "multiple opinions that influence your choices can be good or bad. There are ones that change your thinking and ones that makes you wonder. But getting influenced by someones opinions can really change how you think of things. So it is defiantly better that you have multiple opinions to help you decide." II think the way she thinks is incredible and she seems really smart with the way she put it. It defiantly depends on how you think of things.

As we have seen, it's pretty obvious that getting multiple opinions will help you the most with decision making. Reasons like you can get different ideas from people, get multiple views and compare them, and learning that one opinion isn't always the right choice. If you were going to college and had a decision between two of them. Would you get multiple decisions from different people and have that affect your choice?