Most students wouldn't want a project over a break out of school. Over break students will wanna juust chill and be a kid but also you have to keep your grades on point. Some students are not gonna do the project over break cause I mean it's a break out of school, but if the project is required and some students need to bring up their grade then they should do it to get that grade up because projects are a big factor in classes for students. Its an oppertunity to get your grade back up or it could just be practice for you. Students should be able to choose what kind of project they want to do, the projects teachers give students are boring sometimes, some students want to get creative and do their own project and teachers can ee how creative some of their student can get when they have that oppertunity to do it. Teachers normally give out projects for when the class is doing a certain unit like in science they have units like; Volcanoes, Atmosphere, Genes, and migration. Teachers would give students projets like that and would make students stress over the project, if teachers let students take control of what kind of project their doing the class probably would be allot better and enthusiastic when it gets presented or when they get another project. Some students hate doing projects thats why some students grades be so low from when the project is due they would not turn the project in and their grade would drop serverly an dthe teacher will not let that student make up the project, yea some teachers are like that. Teachers give students projects for a reason to make sure they know the material and the concept of the lesson, some students might find the project hard so the teacher would put students in either groups of 2 or 4 at the most. Other subjects would guve students projects to like; History, Goverment, Tech Ed, Language arts, i've never seen a math teacher give students a project for math. If students have the right to choose their own kind of project that wuld make projects on students so much easier and it proably won't take as much time as normal projects do. Depending on the subject depends on how students react to the project teachers don't understand how much stress they put on students when they give students projects, students stress because they have allot of other work to do besides that project and that will push students behind and make their grade drop because of how far behind they got because that project. The projects teachers give students seem way more difficult because if students had their way with the project students would get it out the way and it wouln't even stress the out that much and it would put them in a better place to their other work snd keep their head focused. Student athletes go through it when they get a bunch of homework and then the teacher gives a project right after, then student athletes don't get home until about 7 or 8 at night and they either would be to tired to do it or would be up all night doing the work and the project on top of that so student athletes get it the worse out of any other students, because they have so much to do and some of them won't have the time to cathc up on it some students will skip practice to catch up on school work because of the amounts of school work students get. Certain projects be easy for students like, Language arts projects are easy most History projects are easy to but teahcers find a way to make them difficult. Some teachers make students do projects over break ad some students say no im not doing the project and their grade reflects that so if you get a project over a break of school make sure you do it so your grade doesn't drop and it keeps you mentally ready for when you gotta go back to school and learn new stuff but the same stuff you heard before you left for break. When teachers give students projects over break I feel like somme teachers do it on purpose but some teachers do it to keep their students in track outside of school but their is a problem with all students when they get their project over break. Studets wouldn't start it untill like 2 days before they go back to school so students woul e rushing tring to get their project to look nice and in the mean while the stidents that already started the project are most likely finish with the project so when they get back to school is go to their teacher turn the project in and make sure they have everything the need for the project to e prepped and finished at school if needed thats why you shoudl do your project's when yoy get the at school.