I agree with the principal about students atleast taking one extracurricular activity. I agree with him because the students get to learn more. They get to learn more about sports,working om yearbooks, and working on the student council. Thats why I agree with the principal about making the students atleast take one extracurricular activity. I dont want to make them do one extracurricular activity because im mean, I just want them to learn more new material.

The students get to learn new info informationin sports if they volunteern to play in them. Then if they do volunteer for football they get to learn more information about the playbooks like runs,hard passes,punts,fake punts, and defense and offense information. Then theres more sports they can do but I dont know a lot about them. Plus then the students can make more friends while playing sports, because, football requires teamwork and you need teamwork for football. Thats why you can learn more information while making new friends

The students working on yearbooks can learn more creative techniques. They can learn more creative techniques from other students who have worked on the yearbooks longer so they know more techniques with working on the yearbooks. Then people there can make more friends there too. They can make more friends by finding people who have the same interests in techniques, because ,sometimes you have to work together in situations like working on yearbooks. Working on yearbooks can be fun and boring at the same time because you have to work.

Students nworking on the student council can learn new information too. They can learn from other students who work in the student council with them. They just dont learn, they can be taught how to do their job better by other students who worked there longer. Then sometimes if your not the brightest of a person fellow classmates can help you work on making yourself brighter than what you are when you walked in until the day you walked out the student council. Thats why if your the type of student who would want to work in the student council it would be a great idea.

This is why I agreed with the prinicpal about making the students atleast do one extracurricular activity. The main reason whi is because they get to learn more information,make new friends, and because people can make you feel better by just saying a couple of words like your beautiful. Thats why I agreed with the principal bout his decision.