Ah, the great smell of pollution hitting your face as you walk out the door; the way the polluted air puts a haze over your eyes. There is nothing better than that when you begin to start your day every morning. Most people do not seem to enjoy the slap in your face you get when you just cannot seem to get enough air into your lungs. The use of cars has be steadily decreasing over the years, and public transportations are beginning to be used more, and more. Along with this, cities are even beginning to ban the usage of cars. This has become an idea that has spread globally and everyone is beginning to take an interest to have the pollution level lowered, and to make the air much cleaner.

It is time to inform you, that places around the world big, and small are beginning to ban the usage of cars. Cities as big as Paris, France have banned car usage to bring down the pollution levels found in their great cities. Vauban, Germany, a suburban community, has completely given up their cars, in which car owners must purchase a spot for their car in a garage that can cost up to forty-thousand dollars. According to Elisabeth Rosenthal in,

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

, seventy percent of Vauban's families do not even own cars, and fifty-seven percent of the people living there chose to sold their cars before they moved there. Vauban's ideas has been spread throughout the world and now other suburbs are beginning to want to make places denser and make everything a walking distance away. Cities as great as Paris, France enforced a partial ban on driving cars to clear the air of the city, which was said by Robert Duffer in,

Paris bans driving due to smog.

Paris had made it easier to get public transportation while the ban was being enforced by making public transportation free of charge Friday to Monday. With pollution levels higher than ever with the amount of factories and cars, in congested cities it is a good idea for car usuage to go down to allow the air to clear from pollution. Limiting the amount of car usuage will clear the air we breathe, and allow us to inhale deeper breaths.

In addition, there are many different forms of transportation that can be used instead of just the average car, you may use bikes, roller-skates, skateboards (longboards, and penny boards), or even just a simple walk to get to places. Attempting to minimize the usuage of everyone using a single car to get to a place a carpool, taxi, bus, train, or subway can be another means of transportation that may be used. This will limit the amount of traffic on the streets, and minimize the amount of pollution that is going into the air. Some will say that not driving to your destination yourself will take more time whether it be because you have to wait for your specific train to arrive, or waiting for the taxi to show up to your doorstep, you have to wait a few extra minutes to leave for your destination. In reality, that few extra minutes you have waiting for the taxi can be stopped you can do this by, calling the taxi a few minutes before you want to leave so that it will arrive precisely when you want it too. With the use of bikes, walking, or skating everywhere you go, you will also begin to get into better shape, as you are moving towards your destination. The usage of cars for only trips that will take hours will also help to save you money on gas, and your car millage.

Furthermore, by beginning to add neat sidewalks, parks, and everything in a walking distance people will be encouraged to walk more and will not have reason not to use their car. Elisabeth Rosenthal states in,

The End of Car Culture

, that even in America the usage of car is beginning to dtop down steadily. The amount of young people getting their driver's license is starting to decrease and has gone down twenty-three percent between 2001 and 2009. She also state at the Mobile World Congress the proposed the idea that they should partner with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which "pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emission and improve safety." With people beginning to take interest in other means of transportation cities, and towns alike will begin to make things a walking distance to meet the obscure demand from the people.

In conclusion, people around the world are beginning to take interest in lessening the usage of cars in their cities, and towns. Cars have began going down in sales and less people are buying them. Other means of transportation have come up that will begin to benefit us health wise. Making us healthier by excercising and clearing our air of toxins found in pollution. If cities around the world begin to decrease the amount of car usuage our air will become much clearier and satisfying to live in. It will make getting to destinations much safer with the less chance of accidents and injuries from motor vechicles. Reducing car usage will begin to change the world by making it a much cleaner, healthier place to live.            