In many schools today, teachers assigning school projects over the summer for students to complete has become quite apparent. Teacher are doing this to have students stay focused even during the summer. Teachers can give one of two assignments; either a teacher specific assignment where every student has to complete roughly the same project with roughly the same outcome that has very little room for variation, or they assign a student ran assignment that allows the student to do a project in something they have interest for and it can be quite personalized. Teacher projects usually are stricter in there guidelines and make the student typically work harder even if the student may not want to do that much work while student driven projects can have many students work extremely hard on something they have passion for. The only problem is you will usually have a slacker in student designed project that will always do the minimum. I see student projects to have better benefits for students as for those that want and enjoy putting in the work for something they are really interested in they will see more accomplishment out of that. Others may that teacher designed projects are better because they force ever student to work but they are wrong because the drive for success should come from the student not the teacher. Summer student designed projects are better for the student that teacher designed projects because it allows for students to take part in the design process and then execute a product of something that a student is generally interested in.

Summer projects or studying in the summer will always be super beneficial for your education. It allows for you to stay alert and prepared for the next school year. Just studying in the summer alone can make getting into the next year that much easier. Summer projects can be really beneficial to students. In some cases it can allow students to have more a variety in options for there project than doing one in the school year. For example; a teacher assigns an entire class to do a research project on a single type of invasive plant species prevalent in his/her state and they will have to present that in class at the beginning of the year. I take issue with this because it is quite restrictive on what the student can research as its limited to only one plant you can do, and many students will likely pick the same plant. Plus the students have very little do in terms of the creative process in how they want to gather data. If I were the teacher I would have given a project on invasives in the state(allowing for multiple plants to be studied.)and not limit it to just a research project. This allows for a students to really to be flexible and learn more. Students can now have the opportunity to organize community events for conservation. Students can make test plots at a park to see what removal method works best. Students can now study multiple plants at once to compare and create statistics and find out which are the most deadly and hard to remove. Students also have the choice to help with college students on finding new ways of removing said plant from our area and eventually at the state level. Students can also go really ind depth into a plant they find super interesting and they can find the true science as to why they continue to grow so fast. The possibilities are endless.

They best part is when it comes down to the presentation. It is very likely that majority of students will have different projects; some may have similar ones but very different findings so its really interesting to see a students, growth, trial, and success through the process of completing the project. While also talking about their final conclusion they should also discuss about how they changed in grew as a person and about what skills they earned that they can use later in their life. Students can truly learn new concepts off of other students. If students were tasked with completing the teacher created project, the majority of students would really not have learned as much from each other.

This was only an example. The possibilities for student lead/created projects are endless because in comes from the student. The example mentioned was limited to conservation but there are student projects have to be. There are projects that can allow students to really branch out and potentially inspire them to their future careers. Students designed projects give students the chance to be a leader and be of something meaningful to them personally. Anyone can complete a project when it comes from a teacher but if it comes from student it can really create growth. These students will have plenty of time to complete their project as the have an entire summer to do so. The summer should not be a stressful time but it shouldnt be a time slack off and not grow in your learning. Everyday we are learning. Maybe its time for you to help someone else learning. Student designed projects give students the chance to prepare themselves for future challenges in the adult world. Others say that student designed projects dont push students enough to really create a product worthwhile; they are wrong because if a student truly care they will go above and beyond to see the it is completed full to the best of their ability. From start to finish.