The technology called the Facial Action Coding System is valuable, because it could be a way of ineracting with the students a difffrent way, be a new subject in school to study in and make a career out of, and it coule be a learning tool for students.

This technology could be valuable in the class room by teachers interacting with students in a diffrent way then they usually do. Teachers could change thing up instead of doing the same things all time. As the author states in Paragraph 7, ''Raise your lips at the corner of you mouth, then squint you eyes slightly, to produce wrinkling at the corner of your eyes. Does your expression suggest an emotion, can your partner recognize which one.'' This peice of information suggests the interaction with people in the classroom along with your own emotios while being at school learning.

Furthermore, this technology could be a new study in school or possibly something to be able to mager in in college and make it a career. As the author begings to explain, '' The Mona Lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while also showing you how much the computer can actually do. Imagine a computer that knows when your happy or sad.'' This quote from the passage shows what this technology can already do but also intends a possible future advancment, which is when a career, studies, and students come into play.

Finally, this technology could be valuable in the classroom by the students learning more about it or using it as a learning tool. In paragraph 5 the author states that, ''We humans perform this impressive calculation everyday. For instance, you can probably tell how a frind is feeling simply by the look on her face, but of course most of us would have trouble describing each facial trait that conveys happy,worried etc. This quote from the passage shows the possible fact of students using this technology as a learning tool for a class like physic while studding how the brain works with emotions.

In conclusion i belive that this Facial Action Coding System could be valuable in the classroom. It could be used as an interactive tool for students in the classroom so they teacher can change things up, it could become a career in the future or be improved, andd it could be a learning technique for students.                  