Dear Principle,

Students should be allowed to have cell phones in school but to turn them off during class time. The policy is a great idea in a plethora of ways. Students stay out of trouble and not have to go through vigorous punishment. Also to have fun and still have the learning skill they need to succeed in life. Policy number one is the best choice for the school.

It is a very reasonable policy because students can have their phones and have their class time as well.

Instead of texting in class they can text in the hallway so it does not disturb the class room environment. That way the teacher's can teach the lesson and respect other students learning. If the policy is not put in place students will text in the class room when they have a slight chance of not getting caught unlike the hallways where there are teachers. The student would not be learning anything because they could not text outside of class. So when the students does get caught the teachers would have to stop the lesson and stop other students learning. Thus, texting outside of class helps students learn more and be more productive during classes.

Some students get in trouble because they have their cell phones. Students could be sent down to the principle's office to call parents about the situation. The problem is taking time out of the principle's plans as well as the students learning. This policy can prevent this situation from happening. If the student does not go down to the principle office their phones would be taken away instead. Making the student rebel and get sent out of class and get set home with out of school suspension for rude behavior. This circumstance can be prevented with the 1st policy. Making this rule will allow them to stay in school learning instead of being in the principle's office.

Without students having their cell phones there will be no learning in the class rooms. Students need time to text, it does not have to be in the class room it can be in the hallway at lunch. The students do not learn during those times anyway. Making this policy will benefit the students and the teachers. Without all of the mishap and the drama. STUDENTS SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO H