Driverless Cars Are Coming? Maybe so driverless cars may sound like an awesome concept, but this can cuase issues in the long run. for example a driver needs to be aware and has to keep his/her eyes on the road ahead.

My position on driverless cars my sound interging at first. I feel like the developement can turn out to be the best invention in the history of car manufactures. WIth driverless cars we will not have to worry about so many crashes as we have been having ln the last couple of years. The concept is already invented we just have to make sure it stayes safe and meets all the standereds. Driverless cars can casue a big chaos for some states many arguements will break loose. Sure we will hvae to keep the passenger aware of his/her surroundings at all times by keeping thier hands on the wheel at all times. As stated in paragraph 7. With the technology advancing we coulf have driverless cars on the road by the year 2020. Google has been working on the google car since 2009 it has been 7 years the car has drivin millions of miles without a crash as stated in paragraph 2. That is saying something big. Cars are now becoming more smarter then ever with technology added into them we can now have a car drive by itself up to 25 miles as staetd in paragraph 7 with BMW's Traffic Jam Assistance. Already car manufacturers are having thoughts about haveing cars drive themselfs by the year 2020 with Tesla projeccted to release a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time as stated in paragraph 10.

Lawmakers are not to happy with the idea of putting driverless cars on the streets. I understand they are trying to keep pedestrians safe also the passengers. If and injury happens who will take the blame the passener or the manufacturer? I strongly feel if the driver is in the drivers seat and has his/her hands on the wheel then the driver will be taken the blam they also have to be aware at all times.

Driverless cars are not so far from becoming a reality we are not so far from seeing driverless cars on the streets or on our own drveway. With technology we can make the roads a safer place with less injuries and less deathes would you not agree?   