Hello, there fellow citizens of all around what if i could tell you there could be less car accidents, less pollution, and a healthier life style that we can all live with right now! and all we had to do is let go of only one thing that one thing is your car it is a killing machine not just for people but also for our mother earth.

Before you call me crazy and tell me that could never happen lets look at germany where people are trying to make a change in an upscale community where even soccer moms have given up there cars and 70 percent of the people there dont have cars and 57 percent sold there cars. now tell me do I sound crazy now besides people in that community were saying "when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way " which might sound shocking to you but i whould be happy too if our greenhouse gas and toxic in the air wasnt so high 12 percent of it comes  from cars and 50 percent in some car intensive areas in the usa. but all hope isnt done yet because the enviromental protection agency is promoting "car ruduced" communities. whick might save us from hurting the earth because a healthy planet makes happy people.

Further more if you still dont believe that this could effect us look at paris, paris typically has more smog than anyother european capital they found that paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with 114 brussels and 79.7 percent in london reuters found now thats a life i dont want to life amagine the advantages we could have if we could live and just be healthier.

one of our advatages whould be clean air and less deaths  becuase the air we breath in can effect the way we think because if we take in bad were going to give out bad if we take in good we take out good. also parks and sports centers could be at a all time high now you wont have to nag your kid to leave the house he'll already be out before you say a word

In bogota, columbia where the clouds are gray but the ambition is strong even though its not stop rain the people say "its a good opportunity to take stress away stress and lower air pollution" and i think there doing a great job with this because its there 3rd strait year that they have banned cars and there pollution level is at a all time low. you see what this is showing you is that we dont have to face these challenges and disivantages that all these countrys are facing we can learn now and prosper on and not have to start ove like these countrys.

Last but not least  the end of the car culture  is near when miles driven in the united states is going down steadily the future of amaerica looks bright our peoples health seems better but all we need to do is one big leap and sacrfise to achieve a place where we dont have to be scared to leave our house and to not have to see your self in the news showing the damage your car did we can all live in a better place if we just try.    