Driverless cars are an important imporovement in technology that will make commuting easier for everyone. Driverless cars will be safer than human drivers. Making driverless cars will create more jobs. Creating driverless cars could lead to other advances in technology. Driverless cars should be created and allowed on American roads.

Driverless cars will be safer than human drivers. They are not capable of getting distracted and causing an accident like humans do. They will be constantly aware of their surroundings. They will also eliminate human error, such as not stopping quick enough or running a stop sign, and will have a better reaction time than a human. Their better reaction time will allow them to stop quicker than a human would and cause less accidents. They will also have technology to make driving safer, such as a spinning sensor on the roof which forms a 3-D moldel of the car's surroundings, which the typical car does not have. Driverless cars will also eliminate drivers driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol, or otherwise not able to drive safely, and save more lives. They will allow people who are afraid to drive a car a chance to drive because the car will be driving for them.

Driverless cars will create more jobs. There will be people needed to run the machines that create these cars. There will also be people needed to make the technology it needs. Engineers and scientists will have to be constantly working to make sure all the technology works as it is supposed to and does not need to be improved. The jobs the driverless car creates will improve the economy.

Improvements in the driverless car could lead to other scientific advancements in this field. Scientists could learn from making this car and apply that knowledge to creating other inventions. Driverless cars could lead to using the technology they built for the driverless car in other inventions. Scientific improvements always build off of eachother.

The driverless car will be a great thing to have on the roads of America. Driverless cars will make the roads safer. They will create more jobs which will improve our economy. The advancements scientists make while creating the driverless car could lead to new inventions. The driverless car should be created and allowed in the United States.      