What is, UNRRA? Why should I join it? I can answer that question! With so much destruction happening out there how are we going to keep this world stable?

There is just not enough people out there that are joining this organization and we need all the people that we can get. All of us people put together into a group that cared and did everything for everyone that they could would turn us all into heros.

UNRRA, stands for the, ( United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration), UNRRA hires people called, "Seagoing Cowboys". Seagoing cowboys are people who go on cattle-boat trips to usually far away places. These cattle-boats carry things such as, cows, horses, and other farm animals. Sometimes these boats also carry medical stuff so that the people that go to the other side have stuff that they can help to cure the wounded with. For example during the, Pacific war, seagoing cowboy's were sent over seas to go and be carers for the men and women in which were wounded in battle.

Imagine all the people that are out there fighting for your country while you enjoy the peace in your nice quiet humble home while the people that are out there get to sleep on the ground if they even get to sleep. What if the people that are fighting for you run out of food what if they run out of horses to carry them across the battlefields so if in a case where they almost die they might very well be able to get away with quick speed. Without these items delivered where would we be right now would there be any peace still on earth would we lose the race and get our lives taken from us people that we don't even know?

The courage that these people have the people that fight the fight and the people that help the people that fight the fight fight the fight. You could help with that and it would just be in one easy step and you have to take that step with your help and your time did you know that you could save somebodys life or if anything you could save one hundred peoples lives or maybe even more. To many people you would be a hero. To some you would be a savior.

You I bet would want to be that person it is fun caring kind and heroetic and you might even get extra time. There is some hard work that gets put into it as well but still think of all the lives that you would save all the people that would love you forever. All the things that you could do for your country and it would all be done in just one easy step into the doors of, UNRRA! You can do it you have it in you.        