Why is it benefitial for students for being able to attend classes from the comfortable of their home? Attending from home is one of the new ways of learning that is more effective and less stressful because they feel like it is one-on-one which makes them more comfortable to attend classes they feel like want to learn. Since home-schooling is very rare and less frequent, students will feel more specialized and focus more because they can literally stop their course from a button of one click any time they feel like and they can pick any classes they want that would fit their future career. So students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because there are less distractions from their peers and classmates, more straight-forward to the given lessons and tasks, and they get to do anything they want between the breaks and even during the lesson.

Even though attending classes from home is benefitial, other people would think othewise. They would say attending school is not benefitial because they do not get to ask their teacher for clarification any time they want. For example, a student might want a more detailed explaination of his or her given task. Nevertheless, students are able to ask their teacher through an audio or facetime by the given technology of their computer.

Firstly, attending classes from home is way less distractive from your peers and classmates because there are no people that would distract you from your lesson in your house and it is way more quite than attending in school with all of your classmates talking and making unwanted noises and sounds. For example, a student will feel less distracted because he do not got his friends around him during the lessons whereas attending classes in school will easily distract him from all the phone chattering and sounds that would cause frustratation and less clarity, as a result.

Next, it is more straight-forward to the given lessons and tasks because it is less talking and more working when attending in your home. For example, most teachers feel like telling their personal stories to their students. That is heart warming and all but it is way less straight-forward to the required lessons and a waste of time to all the students that are attending. But attending at home is way more straight-formward because the instructers or the teachers goes straight to the lesson and tasks a student is required to do. As a result, a student have a lot more time to do his or her given task whcih is very important for their future career path.

Finally, students get to do anything they want during their breaks and even during their lesson because it is their own house. For example, if a student feel like going to the bathroom or restroom he or she would go without a question or any type of restrictions because it is literally their home. They could even cook food while they are working on their classwork or homework. Your freedom is endless whereas in school you are expected to follow all the rules that is made in the school system.

In conclusion, students can benefit from attending classes from their comfortable home because distractions are way more minimized from other students, it would be a lot more straight-forward to not waste any time, and you are able to do anything you want because it is your home at the end of the day. So all students should keep in mind that the greater the freedom the more they will accomplish for a greater and better generation.