So if your principal wanted you too at least participate in one extracurricular activity do you agree or disagree with his choice. In my opinion I disagree with his decision because not all people like to be apart of clubs or sports teams some people like to just do their work and e done with school. Then their is the kids that are really good at sports and other things like taking photo's and playing board games but not all students are good at sports and board games.

I believe that if students don't want to take an extracurricular activity then they don't have to and if they wanted to take one they would take one I don't think that they should be forced to take an extracurricular activity because some people on the sports team could make fun of the because their not as good as the other players and if they took any other one's no one knows how other people would act if their was new people or if they didn't like them.

Some might say that extracurricular activity's could help students meet new people or gain social skills but it could also make them feel that they don't fit in of they are forced to do something that they don't want to do. If the principal forces students to join a sports team or any other thing like yearbook club they might not like it and because they are forced to do it they might start to lose respect for the principal and the other staff at the school. All in all I think that students shouldn't be forced to join and extracurricular activity if they don't want too became they could start to feel pressured to do good and practice a lot for it and fall behind in school.

So, if students are pressured to do good in their extra curricular activity and fall behind in school they will get bad grades and might get help back a grade and that wouldn't be good because other student's would most likely bully him. When someone get's bullied it isn't good for their self confidence or their self esteem and when someone starts to get bullied they become very mad.

Some students might like to be in the extracurricular activity's because their athletic or smart or also they just enjoy being apart of a team or club but not all students enjoy that so if you make them join one they can get stressed because they don't like being around a lot of people or they could also get scared if they have social anxiety.

Some would say that students need to learn to work together and be a good person in general but forcing them to take an extracurricular activity is not the way to help them to be better people and to teach them how to work together as a team. If you force them they will not know eachother and won't work that well as a team.

Instead of making them take an extracurricular activity you should motivate them to do it if you force them they won't like it but if you motivate them a friend group might go join a club or sports team and if they join they will actually enjoy it and not hate it. Because if your forced to do it your most likely to hate it and not enjoy it and if they enjoy it they are more likely to want to keep doing it every year.

In the end i don't think that students should have to take an extracurricular activity because if someone is forced to do something that they don't want to they will start to get careless and not want to do anything and will start to fall ina slump and stop doing well in school.

If they had a club for every person then I think that I would agree with itbut I think that it would be too hard for them to have a seperate club for every student in the school. But even if they did have a club for every student I don't think that every student would want to be in a club.