Dear Principal,

I remember when I was a little girl my dad would take me to go the park every Sunday to pick up litter. He would always tell me "It's very important to help out your community."

Now he works on the weekends but, I still go every Sunday. There are so many reasons to do community service. It help the community you live in, it can teach you new things, also it shows you what things are really important.

It helps your community more then people realize. The little actions can influence other people and eventually become bigger actions. It also helps our planet, by picking up litter your helping to stop and animal from chocking on it. Also if you help paint a neighborhood and clean it up then the people will be happier too. With happier people just makes it a better place to live in.

It can teach you new things. You could learn how to make things out of recycled cans, paper, anything. It will teach you that community service helps everybody rather then just yourself. Nobody just does it and never learns anything or nobody would ever do it. It can teach you how to make other people happy and make things better for everybody.

Community service shows you some things that are actually important in life. Rather then the new shows on T.V. Nobody likes to live in a dirty place so it can show you how to keep things clean. You could start a tradition like my dad did with me, you could do it with a family member or friends. It shows you how to put other people before yourself and how to make others happy. You will learn new things every time you go.

All in all community service is a great way to show people many things. They could help their community, learn new things, or even find out what's really important in life. Without community service the parks would be discussing, there would probably be more wrecked neighborhoods which nobody wants to live in, life wouldn't be as beautiful. Community service isn't hard to do, it just takes a little effort. So Principal you see why it is so very important to have community service mandatory in schools. Life would change without it.