The electoral college is a process where electors are sent to choose who the next president will be. Electors usually vote for who they said they were going to but can change this vote. I think we shouldn't have the electoral college anymore because, The people don't get to actually choose who they want to elect and voters can change who they're going to vote for.

The people who are voting for their president they wanted elected arn't actually voting for him. In source two, it says, "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors who in turn elect the president." This means that even if the president gets the popular vote, it doesn't mean he will always win. Electors can and will avoid the states that they know are not going to vote for the person they want to win the elections, and will avoid those states. In source two, it says "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, canididates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all." Sometimes the voters don't even get to see the electors they're voting for and some states don't get them at all. The electors also purposley avoid certain states because they know that they won't vote for them or give them a chance to swing the election.

Voters can also change who they're voting for on the spot and no one can say or do anything about. In source two, it says "In the same vein, faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please." People voting for who the wanted to win the election could be accidently voting for someone else because of the electors work. The elector shouldn't be allowed to change his vote, because that is cheating people out of who they think should win and making it seem like their vote didn't even matter. Some states also have more electors than others, making it so that the person one state votes for will get more votes than the other states.

Some people think that electoral college system should still be there. Source 3 says, "But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)." Even if the electors that are selected and its said that the trust is rarely betrayed, the electors can still betray the person they're voting for and it can happen and it has happened before. It also doesn't say anything about the electors avoiding states that they know won't vote for them and going to states that can swing the election.

In conclusion, people don't get to vote for who they want to and electors can do basically whatever they have to do to win. People vote for the president they want to win and can be cheated out of that by the electors. The electors are allowed to move from a state they think won't vote for them to one they think will. The electors can also change who they're voting for during the elections. The electoral college is a system that cheats voters out of who they want to vote for and seems like a outdated and non-democratic method.    