The Electoral College should be not be abolished and the government should not change to election by popular vote for the President of the United States. The Electoral College requires the presidential candidate to have a trans-regional appeal, it produces a clear winner and avoids run-off elections, and the Electoral College allows people in swing states to be more thoughtful and choose wisely because the popular vote could be in their hands.

In paragraph nineteen of the article

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President

, it states, "The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region (South, Northeast, etc.) has enough electoral votes to elect a president." This means that the favorite candidate of a particular region has no reason to campaign too much in those states because that candidate doesn't gain many more votes. Any candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be successful because the people of the other region feel that their interests will be overlooked by the president.

The Electoral College decreases the amount of pressure of a run-off election. In paragraph twenty-two of the article

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President,

it states, "The Electoral College avoids the problemm of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast."  So if both presidential candidates receive an equal percent of of popular votes, the Electoral College's number of votes could be the "game changer." The number of votes in the Electoral College produces a clear winner. If there wasn't an Electoral College, then there would have to be a recount of votes and one vote could change the entire election. This could cause chaos in swing states because of the one vote of someone that might not even care who wins the election.

Based on many elections, the Electoral College creates more thoughtful voters in swing states. Those people know that the power of turning an election around is in their hands, so they must use that knowledge wisely, not recklessly. People in non-swing states will vote on a candidate that their peers like or that they heard is "the best" even though it may actually be a choice reconsidered two years into the winning candidates presidency. In paragraph twenty of the article

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President

, it states, "Voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign, to really listen to the competeing candidates, knowing that they are going to decide the election." The most careful voters should be the ones to decide because they are the ones receiving the most attention by candidates trying to persuade them to vote for them.

Overall, the Electoral College should not be abolished and the government should not change to election by popular vote for the President of the United States. The Electoral College doesn't allow a presidential candidate to have a single regional appeal, it produces a clear and fair winner and avoids run-off elections, and the Electoral College creates more thoughtful and careful voters, because when you actually think choices through in life, it could make a tremendous impact on yourself everyone around you.    