Once school is over, some students stay after school for different clubs or sports teams, but a lot of students don't and go home to do homework or hangout with friends. But other students go home and start using their electronics and don't get enough exercise or socialize with any of their class mates. So I think that students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity so that students have more time to socialize, be active, and so students can be more safe.

Making students participate in at least one extracurricular activity would give students more opportunities to socialize. Most students don't have enough time or are too busy to socialize, but when students are forced to stay after school for different clubs or sports teams they are more likely to socialized and make friends. students that become part of a club or sports team have more of a opportunity to socialize and make friends with the people around them.

Making students participate in at least one extracurricular activity would give students more opportunities to be active. Most students don't get enough exercise after school because of not having enough time, not having anybody to exercise with, or wanting to do other things more like playing video game. But if students were forced it do a extracurricular activity then they would have more of a reason to join one of the schools sports teams. Which would help them stay more active and healthy.

Making students participate in at least one extracurricular activity could keep students more safe. Because some students don't have a good home environment or live in homeless shelters. Students that don't have good home lives can sometimes get mixed up with bad people or gangs. But if they participate in after school activities they are less likely to get mixed up in bad things because they spend more time at school.

I think students need to be pushed by schools to stay more active, socialize more, and to stay off the streets. Because without that students can end up in bad situations. Which can impact the rest of their lives.