In the 21st century, technology has infiltrated the lives of Americans, entering into commercial, private, and education spheres. With this new spread of technological innovation, people are able to communicate over long distances. This long-distance communication and the invention of the internet allows students complete assignments online, with some even able to be digitally present in the classroom through video conferencing. However, this form of learning is not beneficial to students as it can reduce social skills and interaction, result in communication errors, and cause students to be distracted while learning from their home.

One of the main reasons attending classes from home is not a good form of learning is because it causes students to miss out on social interaction. The widespread use of technology can cause people to spend less time talking in person to someone and more time hiding behind a digital persona. With the use of video conferencing and online classes, students would not be able to have face-to-face interaction with their fellow students and would inevitably miss out on social skills that students who attend school gain. As much as school is about learning, it also teaches students how to communicate with others, how to become a leader, and how to work in a group. With the elimination of group projects, social interaction in between and during classes, and the absence of leadership opportunities, online school deprives children of their opportunity to grow their social skills. In addition, students will not be prepared for the workplace, as in a job, one has to communicate with employees and talk to their boss or supervisor frequently. With online school, a student does not have the opportunity to communicate directly with a teacher figure, learning how to express concerns, and form bonds with people that are higher up than them. Without this social skill of learning how to communicate properly with adults, a student is not fit to go into the workplace, making online school not a viable option. Due to the fact that students can hide behind a digital persona and not communicate with others due to technology, they would not be able to benefit from attending school from their home.

Secondly, with the introduction of online school, there would be miscommunication between the teacher and student, hurting the ability of students to learn. It has been shown through multiple tests and studies that technology hinders the ability of people to show emotions and convey what they are truly feeling, especially through online chatting and text messaging. This can be translated into online learning, as a student might not know what a teacher truly means through an email, causing a them to become confused. In an actual school scenario, a student would be able to talk to the teacher in person and ensure that they interpreted the information correctly. However, in online school from home, a student's ability to do this is taken away, as their teacher could be hundreds of miles away. Some might argue that with the introduction of video conferencing this lack of proper communication would be eliminated. However, with online school that could be streaming across the country, technology is subject to glitches and shutdowns. In addition, video chatting prevents the teacher from truly showing the student how to perform a task, as they are only able to communicate it verbally, rather than physically fixing it for the student. This could be present in the form of science labs. If a student is setting up the lab incorrectly, a teacher video chatting them may be a hard form of communication as the teacher can only describe to the student how to set it up, rather than actually showing them how to solve the issue in person. Therefore, video chatting is subject to miscommunication between students and teachers, not making it and online school a positive option for a student to learn from.

Lastly, a student learning from their home can cause them to be distracted, preventing them from focusing on their projects and lessons. A school is designed to create an environment that helps students focus on their classes and learning, with a set schedule, rules on phone usage and breaks, and quiet environments. However, at home it is the complete opposite, as there are multiple distractions. At home, students have distractions such as siblings, video games, and their phones, which could prevent them from giving their full attention to their schoolwork. In addition, without a set structure for online classes, it could cause students to take many unnecessary breaks, resulting in them falling behind their classmates in their classes. Next, some homes have parents working from home, pets, and young children that could create a noisy environment for a student to concentrate in. Without a proper quiet environment, a student would not be able to entirely focus on the courses they are taking. Finally, a student might ignore their school work altogether with at home classes, as with this new freedom a student would be able to meet with peers at any time, causing them to neglect their responsibilities as a student. Due to the distractions that are present at the home, online school that takes place in a student's house would not be a viable option for students to partake in.

With the addition of technology into the world, it may seem that learning from home with the use of technology is the best option for learning. However, attending a physical school and using computers as an aid to learning rather than a form of learning itself is the best option to prepare students for a digital world, as it will give them proper skills and tools to succeed along their learning journey. Because students can miss out on social lessons and skills, are subject to miscommunication, and can be severely distracted, students would not benefit from attending classes from home with the use of technology.