Attending online classes is a great idea and is extremely benefitcial for people. It is a great way to give students the oppritunity to learn without being stressed with the idea of being surrounded by students and teachers for 35 hours a week. Online schooling has been an open and welcoming option for many students to participate in. Studies have shown that 35 precent of students prefer online school than traditional school. This is because, it allows students to work at their own pace, time and it can give them a better learning experience.

One thing schools do not understand and value is comfort, that is something that online schooling provides. Students all over get the priviledge to work in the comfort and safety of their own home. It has been shown that people work better in an environment they are familure with and comformtable in. Schools also do not really value students and their personal battles like they claim they do. Some students suffer extreme social anxienty and sometimes can not get through a school day without breaking down. Being home gives said student more resources that can actually help the student recover.

Some students also deal with a heaping amount of bullying on a normal basis, that once again, schools hardly actally do anything about. Online schooling can give students reassurence that they are in a safe place and that no one can hurt them.

Another benefit to online schooling is being able to choose the pace you want to work at. In a traditional school you have a time limit to how much you learn and how fast you have to learn it. Online school counteracts this because students are able to work at a pace they desire. Some students thrive in a fast pace work enviornment, while others need more time to actually understand and retain the information. With that being said, some students need more one-on-one time with teachers and that is harder when you are in a classroom with up to 25 people.

Going back to the retaining information part, the brain requires 9 hours of sleep to function properly and to keep information it is being feed throughout the day. Sleep is very important, but some students do not get the daily recommended amount of sleep because of homework, jobs, sports and school clubs they have to attend.

64 percent of students say the reason they are not getting enough sleep is because schools either start too early or end too late. Online schooling completely erases that because the students are in control of their own schedules. Giving students the opprotunity to work on their own schedules can give them the time to actually learn things, turn in and complete work on time and give them the feeling of accomplishment.

Online schooling is an incredible option for students to consider, especially if they have certain issuse. Not even just that, online school has amazing beneifits that traditional schools do not offer. It provides a more flexible schedule that moves around you and your life, not the other way around. 