I think students should attend classes at home. Students are better doing it at home than doing it at school because it can be easier for some students. Video or online conferencing is great for people that doesnt want to wake up in the morning. I think if students get up on there time and they got work on a computer they can do better than what they do in school. The benefit is that students will learn better and operate better if they do it at home on a computer. I think students in grades 8th and up should take online classes because they have a lot of work to do and they cant always remember or keep up with there classes.

I think students in grades 8th and up should take online classes because they a lot of work to do and they cant always remember or keep up with the teachers. Teachers can always say if you are confused raise your hand or say you confused but when you say you confused or raise your hand they get mad. Sometimes, teacher tell you just to look it up. Sometimes, teacher dont know how to make the work or the notes make since because sometimes, teacher dont know some stuff. online might know more than what a teacher knows. Online can help with a lot of things they might can put it in a way that you can understand the work or the notes.

The benefit is that students will learn better and operate better if they do it at home on a computer because a computer is easy to work with . Computers are technology that can help you through anything it might can tell you some myths but it will help you with the news and other things like math, science, English, and many more.

Some students cant work with teachers , teachers can teach you stuff but teachers also can harm you and say stuff that they dont need to be saying to you. What if the students dont like how the teacher teaching but they like online teach you cant stop them from working online then working at school sometimes teachers dont even teach the class they just give out packets and the students dont know what their doing.

I think when students get up on their time they will do better in school or do better online because they have a lot of energy instead of having to get up in the morning and be sluggish and lazy and sleepy. Teens wake up early and the teachers except us teens to be ready to learn all the time but we dont we be tired.

I think that we should be able to get up like at at least at twelve and school ends at 5 .

i think we students should learn what they wanna do in life and the classes they need for what they want to do in life. Because , the stuff we learning now we are not going to be learning that when we are out of school and then we dont know what to do next after you graduate. Some people when they graduate they dont want to go straight to college some dont even want to go. Thats why teachers need to teach us stuff that we need to use outside of school. its some things you have to ask yourself like why do we have to learn this type of things? , why do we have to learn what we not going to learn in the future? thats the things you have to ask yourself to find out why are we in school learning these things that we going to learn in the future or experience in the future.

video or online conferencing is great for people that doesn't want to wake up in the morning. Like me i do not like to get up in the morning i like my beauty sleep and i like when i have energy in the morning because i have a son and he loves keeping me up at night and i dont be having any energy so in the morning i give my son to my mom and i be having some sleep in the morning because i dont have to wake up every 3 or 4 hours but i have no problem with getting up at night its just that in the morning i be tired and i dont be wanting to do anything but sleep but i know that i got to do what i got to do to get me and my son together.

Students are better doing it at home then doing it at school because it can be easier for some students. Because people can work fast and people can work slow but sometimes at school things dont go your way at school, you dont get what you need or want to learn because you cant get the education that you need. Like, not to be racist in history we mostly learn about white people and us black American students need to know about our people too. Us black American students really dont want to know all about what white people did what made them so popular NO, we need to know what black people did to save our countries and who made a different in this world like, martin Luther king he declared that black kids and white kids go to the same school and look black and white in the same school learning the same stuff using the same bathroom. If we go online and we can find what we want to learn about if we want to learn all about black people and what they did that made a change in this world i think we can find that in the computer but these school need to teach us what we need to learn not what they want us to learn.

I think students should attend classes at home. because its a great opportunity to learn what you want to learn because in school you really dont learn what you going to know in the future. The future might be different us students thats doing there hardest to get where they need to go. When they have kids and they kids ask them can we help them with their homework we not going to know how to do it because its a lot of stuff changed since we been in school. Our parents dont even know whats going on when they see our homework and we ask for help because they dont nun about it or its been a long time since they been in school so they forget things. Thats why we need the education to tell our mother or father or who ever the guardian is we can explain it to them except us looking confused and our parents looking confused .