I would honestly say that my standpoint of driverless cars is that they are will not be as a good of an invention. I say this because if we have driverless cars some people may forgot about the fundamentals of driving and when they need to take over the wheel it could cause a major accident. Some people may even panic when they have to take over the wheel because it could be very sudden to them and be a surprise which may cause the driver to speed the car which may end with car crashes or injured pedestrians.

The driverlesss car has been something greatly talked about all around with people see the upcoming future with all new inventions willing to be introduced by i do not think we will need a car that can drive itself. If the car can drive itself this seems as you have to not just learn how to engineer a car but as well learn the technology of it if anything goes wrong with it. It seems as it will cost more peopel more money and may even be more expensive repairs on with all the added technology to it as uses laser beams to form the car's surroundings. We are giving a car skills to mimic everything a human can do as we do. It was well still needs the driver's assitance to help out in case of any roadblocks or anything that the car cannot see. All i see with these cars is that we will continue to have more driving conflicts and if we get into an accident we have to come to mind to see whose fault was it the driver or the manufacturer. With all these new inventions of cars coming we are starting to have to build more laws into states to make sure we have the safety of everyone and everything. This invention could be a posssible great invention to be remembered or this invention could cause another issue in the world maybe because we all are not new to technological failures. If we have a technological failure in the middle of driving what will happen the car will just stop going or will just completlely go out crazy when drving. That seems as to high of a risk to take for the safety of other.

At the end I do not see these car being the greatest thing to come but be another issue for us in our near future to come. This could be really bad for us and may result in even more danger for all of us. I am going to hope this is nothing to worry about. So this new driverless car is not greatest thing to come by in my eyes.            