Dear Florida senator,

I am writing to you today to address what everyone is talking about which is in fact the Electoral College. It has been that topic widely talked about so i decided to research what it actually means and why it causes contreversy. People have viewed the Electoral College as an anachronism and they argue it should be overruled by popular vote but it is a very strong way to select electors and it wouldn't be in use at the moment if it wasn't the right way. According to Bradford Plumer, the single best argument against the Electoral College is what is known as the disaster factor. After reading "What Is the Electoral College?" by the Office of the Federal Register, it provided me with information like how it was established by the founding fathers in the Constitution. The founding fathers are very respected individuals mainly because they were of very great intelligence, so that proves how they came up with something professional.

Though it may seem that the abundance of people are in favor of changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States, there are people like I who believe and wish for the best like how keeping the Electoral College is the way to go. In 2000, a dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote happened but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. I agree with Richard A. Posner that it avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast, I am not the only one who agrees because the facts also prove him right. With being a senator or anyone in office comes alot of pressure, Yet luckily with the Electoral College comes reduction of that pressure. It provides a clear winner when there are times of crisis like for example a run-off election.

The states with a larger capacity (the large states) receive more electoral votes , that is why people argue that it may seem unfair that some states get more participation in the election than others but it is actually very fair since there is more people in that state. I personally believe that the people who argue about the votes are those in the smaller states who feel they dont get the right to vote, it may look unfair but if all states got the same amount of electoral votes given than not everyone in the larger states would get a saying. Also, that is not mentioning the Swing States which are the ones who focus on the "toss-up" states. With that pressure the toss-up states are more likely to pay attention the campaign and are the most thoughtful voters and that just proves they deserve to get a majority of votes given.

Considering it may look like changing the election to popular vote may be the right option because it has many small reasons, it is better to have 5 strong reasons than a million unimportant ones to keep something very important. So I congratulate you and the people in office for keeping an open mind of what "we the people" have to say but also for knowing that what is in place now is right and should stay this way.                    