Dear principal,

Community service is very important these days. We can help out the community a lot. You should require community service to all of the students. It doesn't have to be a lot but a reasonable amount, about 100 hours of community service is great. The reason that this should be required is because were not just helping the community were helping our world and it's future. If we pick up litter it keeps the Earth healthy. Children should be tutored if that person needs help in school because the students are our future. If the students do poorly then so will the future. The students in elementary school should do good in school as well as middle and high school. Students must do good in school to get into college and make a career or even get a job. Now a days it is very hard to get a job without a high school diploma. The United States was ranked 1st in school academics, we are now ranked in the 20's. The Earth needs to stay healthy because this is the only planet that has life. People should not take this for granite. One day the Earth will not be able to hold life any longer. This is very far away but it will happen. We should keep the Earth healthy so it will hold life longer. Life is an amazing thing so we shouldn't take this for granite. People need to do community service not to help the community but to help bigger things like life and Earth itself. Just by picking up a piece of trash and putting it in a recycling bin can help. The smallest things can help this Earth. Community service is a great thing to do not only can it help but it gives you something to do then just sit around and nothing. It may not be the funnest thing ever but we need to do this for ourselves and the Earth. We should have contests in the homerooms to see who can bring in the most plastics and put it in recycling. We should also come up with ideas that will be fun and community service at the same time. A lot of the students think this will help a lot. People are trying really hard but they can't always do it themselves. People need help to save this Earth. There are so many things to do then just tutor kids or clean up roads. We could plant gardens in front of the school, or on a nice day we could go around the school and pick up things like plastics or bottles. These are just a few ideas. We can't always do this by ourselves. We need a lot of help because the World is too big for one person. Not only are we helping children with homework and picking up trash on the sidewalk but were helping all the animals that can't do this. Once an animal is extinct then the food web or food chain gets all messed up and if that animal that ate that species or plant cant adapt then that animal will die and it will just go on and on and on until there are no animals left and then we won't have anything to eat because there will be no plants or animals to eat. This is why community service should be requires it may seem like a small portion and won't help but every small bag on the sidewalk that gets put in a recycling bin helps.

Sincerely,

students.