Do you play a sport outside of school? Outside of school, most students have made a serious commitment to activities that they have an interest in.

I don't think students should be required to participate in an extracurricular activity in school because it takes time away from playing sports, reduces the socialization of students, and makes school seem boring.

Firstly, participating in an extracurricular activity in school creates less time for a student to play a sport on a travel team. Some students are very dedicated to a sport on a travel team. Missing practice could negatively affect a student's performance in a game. In addition, coaches could think a player is slacking off if a player continuously misses practices. They may also believe that the player isn't interested in the sport, so they could kick him off the team.

After-school activities also reduce the socialization of students. If a student is staying at school until five o'clock for an extracurricular activity, he doesn't have any time to go to his friend's house because he needs to do his homework when he arrives at his house. A student also won't be able to socialize because it will be able too dark by the time he gets home and settles in. In most cases, a person is famished when he comes home from a long day at school. After eating a snack, the sky will be pitch black. A student won't have any time to meet his friend.

Requiring students to take part in a extracurricular activity makes school seem like a boring chore. To begin, students already have to be at school for seven hours. Adding two hours to the day isn't a thrill to any student because it means students have to be at school for a longer time. In addition, if students don't have an interest in any of the school activities, they shouldn't be forced to choose one. They will dread coming to school because they will be forced to be part of an activity that is tedious for them.

In conclusion, students shouldn't be required to participate in an extracurricular activity because it takes time away from playing sports, makes it harder to socialize, and makes school seem boring. After-school activities don't provide anything that students aren't already being exposed to, making them unnecessary. Would you rather be part of an extracurricular activity, or go to basketball practice?