I agree that students should have to take an extracurricular. Have you ever had to take one? I have, and there are so many options! There are sports, art and life skill classes that I think can all have valuable lessons to teach students. An extracurricular can benefit some students who are already involved in an extra activity, help your grades or athleticism, and it can improve your social skills with an activity such as being in the student council. They can help you in so many ways which is why is think it's a good idea for everyone to have to take at least one.

I think teaching students about things for example, how to take care of themselves and what foods are healthy and which ones aren't can help them outside of the school environment. If a student learns how to be healthier and learns different ways to exercise then their performance in their sport is going to improve. It'll also improve their scores in gym and make them an overall better athlete. Iv'e also experienced this on my own. As a runner, things like your diet and exercise plan are important. Learning early on how to control and manage these things will help you all around. So, an extracurricular being mandatory isn't bad at all if it is sure to help you.

Most activities that the school offers will help a student academically, which is why they're always encouraged. There are so many options for classes because there is always something you can be better at. For instance, taking science exploration will make you better in science. There is almost always a class that is related to one of the ones you already take. Classes that aren't like computer technology, band, or Spanish help you prepare for things later on, even if there isn't a core class directly related to it. Taking Spanish is a great way to improve your English. For me,

Spanish is counted as a high school credit, so that when I get to high school I would already have a credit counted towards my diploma.

Another way one of these classes will help you is that it will definitely improve your social skills. Every class that you will take is going to have other people in there, that at some point, you are going to have to work with. Teamwork is a great life skill that everyone should learn. You can't always do everything on your own, and might need someone else's help, so knowing how to work with other people to achieve a common goal is important. Classes related to theater or yearbook involve a lot of communicating with others and if it's hard for you then these courses can help you work on it. Other things like being in the student council can teach you leadership, which is just as important.

Overall, I think that extracurricular courses always have something to offer to your education and prepare you for things you do in your everyday life. There are so many different classes you can take to help you with whichever your studying, or whatever you enjoy the most. I don't think that iv'e ever taken one that hasn't helped me in some way, and I enjoy most of them anyways.

I think that having at least one of these classes everyday is a good idea, and I hope you do too!