All arround the world countries are making an effort to reduce their use of cars to benefit the Earth. There are many benefits to reducing car usage all arround the world. Not only does it reduce polution but it also promotes getting out and being active. Vauban, Germany is a car-free community where the voices of a few children can drown out the hum of a car. Bogota, Colombia has established a program called the Day Without Cars  where they promote alternate transportation and reduce smog. This promotes people to use transportation that runs on man-power like bikes or even walking. This also falls into the fact that as people use bikes and walk they begin to get more exercize. Although most of the time it is more convinent to use cars to get to a location some places have stores within walking distance so there would be no need for the use of a car.

Pollution has been a problem arround the world for many years, each country is responsible for their own share of polluting the Earth and cars are part of the problem. Cars alone are responsible for 50 percent of greenhouse emissions in America, if Americans made an effort to reduce that number by just half it would mean a world of difference to that country. It would result in America being less responsible for the pollution of the Earth and a safer environment for the citizens. However, other countries have been taking action to help the environment, efforts were thrown towards cities to make it more beneficial to walk and they are now settoing their sights on suburbs. Vauban, Germany is acommunity where there is an advanced experiment that focuses on eliminating the use of cars. Their efforts have proven quite successful as only 30 percent of the families that live there own cars and almost 60 percent of the residents sold their car in order to live there. Bogota, Colombia has created a day where everyone is encouraged to use bikes and walk instead of using fuel-burning cars, those who chose not to participate in this event were fined $25. The effort that was put into the making of thisevent has inspired other countries like Cali and Valledupar to do the same. This shows that people are making an effort to move torards environmentally beneficial habits that cause a chain reaction.

Another benefit to reducing the use of cars is that people will get more exercize than they usually do. For some people the most exercize they get is the walk from the couch to the fridge or the 30 minutes when they are at the mall. Unfortunatley, people do not walk arround the mall every day for their daily exercize routine. Decreasing the use of cars would promote people to use their physical energy in order to get to their desired destination. This would also result in having stores and other services of use closer by so people will be more willing to walk to them. In Bogota, Colombia parks and sport centers have been opening all over the city    