There have been many discussions whether or not having an electoral college as the system to decide the president is alright. Many people say this system is corrupted and that it must be thrown out to think of a new better government system, while many other people disagree and state that "yes", this system works perfectly well and that we should keep it this way for many years. Of course, most of the population of the country simply believe this system is best and we should keep it. This may be because certainty of the outcome, and because the system is made out well. Of course, there is also a downside to this such as when a person goes to vote, their not neccesarily voting for whom they believe to be voting for.

To begin with, having the electoral college is great because of the fact that there is certainty of the outcome. As said in source 3 by Richard A. Posner, there is absolute certainty of the person you're voting for is going to win or lose. The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. For example, in the 2012 election, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney. Useing this as an example explains that the electoral college, to win it, you must need the magority votes.

Furthermore, the system it self is made out really well. As said in source 1, the electoral college process consists of the selection of the electors [ which consists of 538 and only takes 270 electoral votes to elect a president]. During this meeting they vote for who they want as president and vice president. Also, your state's entitiled allotment of electors equals the number of members in its congressional delegation. In a way you could say that, the electoral college is like a game, and many people just want it gone because they aren't good at it, or just don't understand it.

Of course there is always a downside to everything. This flaw is that, when you're voting, you're not voting for who you believe you are voting for. As said in source 2, when you vote for your president, the vote doesn't go to the president, but for the slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. This may not sound so bad, but with something such as this, there could easily be some corruption in that and could change the outcome of the election. But even with this said, it's an unlikeble chance. when you vote, the elector you voted for is most likely going to be an elector which will vote for your president. So no worries.

In conclusion, letting the electoral college stay is a good idea. It is a well thought out system, and the certainty of which president will be elected is completely accurate which doesnt make it a big guessing game. Don't pay attention to those conspiricies of the electoral college, that we have a great system.    