Technology has become very advanced, and it has helped with many problems in today's society. Though, technology like the Facial Action Coding System is extremely advanced, and could have a major positive affect. Not only could it have a major positive affect on today's society, but it could also have a positive affect on future generations. I believe that the Facail Action Coding System could be very valuable; if it is used for the right reasons. The Facial Action Coding System could help solve many problems in today's society. It could help the law, it could help teachers form better teaching methods, and it can be used for medical purposes.

The law has trouble with telling when someone is lying or even when they are telling the truth. I believe that the Facial Action Coding System could help solve this problem. Acorrding to the paragraph, the Facial Action Coding System can calculate the percent of the certain facial expressions that you are making. Which we all know that when most people lie, they make a certain facial expression or they act a certain way. If police and judges were able to use this sofwear they would be able to tell when someone is liying, and when someone is telling the truth. They could use the Facail Action Coding System as a lie detector. Doing this could help reduce crime rate, and it could help lock away people that deserve to be put in jail rather than innocent people.

Not only could the Facial Action Coding System help the law, but it could also help in schools. According to the paragraph, it can notify teachers when students are becoming bored of what is being taught. By the teachers being notified that their way of teaching isn't helping the students learn, they would know to change that teaching habit. By the teachers changing their teaching habits and making it more interesting, students would be more likely to learn the information that they are recieving. Rather than just being bored, sleeping, and waiting for the bell to ring. With teachers changing the way that they infrom students, students will recieve better grades. Therefore, the Facial Action Coding System, could help make the students better informed,

and no longer just bored of the subject that they are being taught.

Most importantly, the Facail Action Coding System can help with medical conditions. There are many mental medical conditions, but suicide is one of the largest mental conditions. No one really knows that someone is planning to commit this action because they do not notice the signs. I believe that if we were to use the Facial Action Coding System we could detect things like this faster, and do something about it before something tragic happens. Yes, we humans are able to detect when someone is feeling bad, but we are not always able to tell whether or not someone is faking their happiness. According to the paragraph, the Facial Action Coding System can detect when someone is faking a smile. With the Facial Action Coding System being able to detect this it would enable us to know if someone is truly feeling down. The Facial Action Coding System could help reduce the rate of Suicides in todays society, and even in future generations.

Even though the Facial Action Coding System may not be able to help with everything. It could be the solution to many big problems in todays society. It could help with some of the worlds biggest problems. The Facial Action Coding system could help the law reduce crime rate, give students a better education, and it could help with medical conditions. Altogether, the Facial Action Coding System could be very helpful. It could be the key to many important things, and it can help future generations become smarter and safer.         