When people arent sure if their making the right choice, or need advice for something. They might need another person to ask, "is this a good or bad decision to make". I think it's very important for when your not sure of something you should ask other people for help,asking about their opinion on it ,and asking if its a good or bad decision to make.

If i needed advice on something and didnt know what to do at the time. I would ask someone about their opinion. So if i didnt know what decision to make they could help me by giving me pros and cons of what something good would come out of it and what bad things would come from it. By getting someones opinion on something i might not be sure about. It helps me a lot on what to think of it more.

When someone needs help on something like advice or a decision to make. They sometimes could never solve it themselves,so they need someone else for their opinion on it. Sometimes if your ever wrong with someones opinion on something you could always ask more people about it because that one person you could tell what decision to make or even the advice they could be giving you could make you more unsure or could be completely wrong and make you confused so with asking more people you have options to chose their opinions and know what to do, if your still unsure of it. Asking more people of what decision or advice you need could help you more on what choice to make.

For an example, When i was 5 years old, i loved playing sports. I was the biggest fan in my family for soccer and volleyball. I loved playing them both but, Once i had grown up my mom told me i could only play one sport for now because i needed to take a break for sports and start keeping my grades up in class. It was the hardest decision to make i didnt know what to do. I was so stressed on what to do so i asked my good friends on what to do about it they said, ''It's your decision to make think about what sport you want to stick to and be better at" one of them said we have seen you play soccer and your getting so much better at it, some others said volleyball is the sport for you then i asked my mom she said "well knowing you when you were a baby your dad tossed a ball to you you unexpectedly kicked it back to him".

i thought of what my mom said and i kept thinking about one sport exactly it was... soccer. My mom telling me about that story of me actually kicking a ball when i was a baby is crazy i knew what sport i had to pick SOCCER!, i loved soccer that was one of my first sports i played. i knew it was soccer i just had the feeling that soccer has to be the one i had to stick with it and enjoy playing this sport the most.

With making this decision i was very happy about it i still was kinda sad that i had to move away from doing volleyball but soccer was something i wanted to get good at and learn more about since i already knew about volleyball. Right when i was in this stressful situation i remembered what one of my best friends said "if someone told you and it depended on your life what would you choose to play soccer or volleyball" and now i know the answer to that. So by this example given you could say that i had a huge decison choosing what sport to play and was stressed and didnt know what to do so i asked my friends about it and they gave me their opinions about it i still wasnt sure about that so i had to ask one more person my mom on it with her response given i knew that the sport soccer was the one for me and i had to chose it.                                            