In the passage, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus', the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit for scientists. The author includes many advantages and disadvantages in the passage. The author is very good at explaing why and how we can acheive this goal. He also explains his stance very clearly, offering advice and explaining both sides. Venus is very much alike to Earth, yet scientists have yet to truly understand the planet. While there are some challenges that his idea presents, there are more benefits and advantages. Exploring and continuing to study Venus would benefit us greatly, both in the present, and in the future.

The author says that studying Venus would be beneficial for many reasons. One being that Venus is very much alike to Earth. The author states that "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system". He says that both planets share many important qualities that we as humans, need for survival. He states that "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of like, just like Earth" and "Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. This information shows that Venus and Earth are similar and with more knowledge about the planet, they could possibly visit Venus in the future.

Another reason why Venus should be further explored is to further our knowledge and our basis of understanding. The author says in the passage that "Human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.". He also says that "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation". This is very true. Struggles and obstacles in our way or obtaining knowledge should not prevent us from continuing forever, but should motivate us to find another way to acheive our goal. Although there may be obstacles that seem impossible to overcome, scientists can and will overcome them. Continuing to study Venus will acheive just this concept.

How we are going to visit Venus without getting injured by the elements is simple. Although Venus has many obstacles that will make it hard for us to come in contact and learn more, NASA has a great solution. The author says that by creating a type of vehicle that could hover just over the Venusian landscapes, scientists would be able to study Venus safely. Being at a certain height above the planet would prevent unsurvivable conditions and make it bearable for humans to be there. The author does say however, that because they are so high, their vision would be limited. This idea is favorable and definetly acheivable in the near future.

In conclusion, studying Venus is a very worthy pursuit. The author gives many benefits for the continuation of studying Venus and he also gives reasoning as to why and how we can do it. He supports his idea very well with immense amoun of evidence to back up his claim. The universe is hugely immeasurable and Venus is the next door neighbor to Earth. While scientists have access to improving technology and while they have the resources to do so, they should take action towards studying Venus.         