Phones and Driving

Texting and driving is never okay but that doesn't mean that phones should never be used while driving. There are beneficial uses of cellphones that allow drivers to get to their destination is a faster, happier way. Technology keeps advancing and is even included in newer cars or other vehicles. Not everyone has, or can afford a new car though. This means that they must rely on their phone for music, GPS, and emergency phone calls.

Music can be a big deal for drivers because in certain kinds of situations such as long drives. Long, extended drives causes drivers to not be able to focus on where they're supposed to be going, also called highway hypnosis. Music allows drivers to focus better and keep them attentive. It also keeps drivers in a good mood which causes less stress and road rage.

GPS is the most necessary reason for using a phone when the car doesn't have that kind of technology. GPS is safer than writing down directions or using a map. The driver doesn't have to look down at the phone either because most GPS services have a voice speaking out directions for them.

Sometimes drivers have absolute emergency phone calls that they must take. They don't have to put their phone up to their ear since there are other ways around it. Drivers could use the speaker option on their phone or Bluetooth. An emergency call could include calling the police for reckless drivers or crashes. Personal emergency calls include a wife going into labor or needing to take a detour to pick kids up from school.

Drivers should never text and drive, however there are still plausible uses for phones such as getting directions from GPS, listening to music as entertainment, and emergency phone calls for various reasons. Most reasons for phones are unnecessary especially with the technology provided in newer cars. If the driver has a car that has everything available, then their phone is not needed in their presence.

Wilcox 2                                                                              