Phones VS Driving

Nowadays, it is estimated that around 5 billion people around the world own a mobile device. That is a huge amount of people but to every pro there is a con so, a major problem has come into light from all these phones. One out of four car accidents in the United States Alone is caused by texting and driving. Many people believe drivers should not use cell phones during the operation of a motor vehicle but in my opinion, it is a necessary evil to a certain extent and you should proceed at your own risk. Let me elaborate on how I came up on this assumption.

First of All, the x factor is phones have become such an important asset to our lives that most people got to stay connected some type of way. Whether you have to reply to a message from your best friend or you want to replay your favorite song, etc... Humans will always choose to pick up the phone no matter what. Laws and different measures have been taken throughout the world to stop people from picking up the phone but sadly, people still have accidents. Therefore, when laws and word of mouth does not stop this "epidemic", innovators step in and instead of trying to stop the act of using a phone during driving, they enhance the experience in a safer way.

Like I was stating above innovators step in, let me build on that statement. Many companies seen the safety hazard and they came up with their own solution. For example, most cars from 2007 & up come with a hands free feature. You connect your smartphone to the car through Bluetooth or a USB and you don't got to pick up the phone due to the fact you can do most of the activities that you do on the phone, on your car through a series of buttons and knobs, hence the name of the feature. In addition, many extra accessories have been created to help, not stop the use of smartphones but control it instead.

Lastly, no matter what the subject is whether its phones or something else, people are going to be people. What I mean by that is there will always be that # of people that just will not follow directions till an accident happens to them. I am a prime example of that, back then my dad would always tell me to put the phone down while I was driving, and I would be like "yeah yeah" sarcastically. Until finally one day I was driving home from school, and my favorite song played, so right after it ended I looked down for less than 10 seconds to replay it. Without noticing the car in front of me had stopped, I ended up rear ending her. It was nothing serious because I was going slow but still that little time I took to look at my phone could've cost me way more.

In my opinion, phones are an unavoidable problem nowadays. What I mean by that is yes they do cause accidents and they are a huge problem, but in this day and age almost everyone has a phone. Which makes the situation worsen due to the fact that we have become so accustomed to using our phones no matter the gravity of the situation.               