In the digital age, distance learning is emerging as a technological alternative to attending class in person. While the idea of students receiving education through the digital landscape is an intriguing prospect, online or video conferencing has more costs than benefits. Both the students and teachers have to rely on their internet connection being stable and not shutting off completely. There is no physical work to assess knowledge. The important social aspect of school is lost in an era where it is sorely needed. These are just a few quirks in a fundamentally flawed system.

The internet while powerful, is simultaneously fickle. For online learning to succeed, a stable internet connection is required. It is doubtful that every single student will have that luxury. Online learning is especially vulnerable at the time when it would be the most useful, which is in harsh weather conditions. A snowstorm or thunderstorm could take out the internet and nullify the entire operation. Another option could be for the teacher to create and assign a video for the students to watch. This is not ideal because teaching in real-time can be vital in the learning process.

Despite the beliefs of students, it has been proven that physical work such as worksheets increase the rate at which they grasp the source material. A student may believe they understand what has been taught but can receive the worksheet and realize they don't fully understand. Projects allow the class to flex their creative muscles and show the teacher something of their very own. Science labs allow for a hands-on approach that puts the lesson in a different perspective. Simply laying in bed at home doing online assignments simply cannot have the same effect.

Many people will not admit it, but school is where we also learn how to cultivate relationships. Most children make their very first friend in the classroom. Learning how to socialize is a key skill in life that will get you very far. Children don't have many opportunities to meet people because they have no places to go. In the age of social media, having actual relationships in real life is more important than ever.

If the stars do align for an online class to perform as intended, it can allow for a more comfortable and enjoyable experience for the students. However, it is simply unsustainable as a long term option.