Distance learning is described as a way for students to be able to attend classes while still being at home through online and/or video conferencing. This means that students could still get the same information they would if they were actually present in the classroom, which is something most students really need sometimes. Having another way of teaching students that could not be present in the classroom that day lessens the chance of those students being behind, which also keeps their grades up.

Distance learning is simply just another tool at students disposal to help them be successful in school at all times. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home via online or video conferencing because students not able to come to school for periods of time can still get information, there would be less distractions at home compared to the classroom environment, and students will have more motivation and energy to learn.

If distance learning becomes a thing, students not able to come to school can still learn what they would've missed. If a student is absent from school for long periods of time due to being sick, suspended, or out of town, and then come back the next day, they have missed tons of information and their grades drop dramatically. Being able to access the live teachings of their teachers when they are not at school definitely avoids the issue of coming back to school and being confused on the material. Especially in challenging classes like math, science, and world languages, being behind greatly affects the student's ability to do well in the class after missing important chunks of information. Even if the student is still confused while watching the live teachings of their teacher, the online conferencing should allow the student to ask the teacher questions while they are teaching to clarify any confusion, just like any student that is actually present in the class.

Often in the classroom environment, there are a lot of things going on that are distractions. Classmates and technology are just naming a few of them. Live distractions make it even harder for students to focus and concentrate on their classwork. For example, when I have a class with a friend, I often tend to talk to them way more than I should and also be less focused on doing my work. Getting distracted by friends when I should be doing my work definitely makes me more unprepared for tests and makes my work very unpolished. Being able to listen to a teacher lecture and do the classwork from home makes it easier to focus and produce quality work.

Lastly, students will have more motivation and energy to learn if they are able to do it from home too. Waking up everyday 5 days a week at 5 a. m in the morning, getting dressed, stressing over bringing the right homework, and catching the bus at the right time can get old and tiring very fast. Most of the time, it is a real struggle to even get out of bed for some students. Not all people thrive when being forced in a routine that is hard to function in, so distance learning gives people who function differently the option to stay home and also learn the same material as the people present in the classroom. Some people may argue that distance learning would not be a good thing because it could result in laziness among students that choose to learn that way, however, distance learning would actually teach participating students to be more independent and responsible over their schoolwork, which could prepare them for college. Learning from home is up to the student's maturity level because they need to be able to take initiative on their own work without a teacher being there to tell them to.

Distance learning would benefit students looking to attend classes from home because missing school can affect the student negatively, there are less distractions in a home environment rather than a classroom environment, and learning from home may cause the student to function better.

Being able to learn the same material at home that is being taught at school is very beneficial and can also help students who actually need it be successful in school. It should be all schools' duty to create different ways of learning to accompany all the different students, for everyone is not the same. Learning from home would be a good idea that would help students thrive, rather than forcing everyone to learn the same. The option of distance learning is a great way to help ensure all students success. 