Many students say they would prefer to attend classes from home for a variety of reasons. Some people believe that attending classes from home is a bad idea because students would not have as many boundaries at home as they would at school. However, attending classes from home can improve mental health and it can be more one on one between the student and the teacher, which can improve the learning environment.

Distance learning can help improve the mental health of the students. Attending classes from home can improve mental health by reducing anxiety levels and placing the student in a less intimidating and stressful environment. When it comes to group projects, communicating with others, and public speaking anxiety levels in students may rise. Working from home will allow the student to stay calm and not have to deal with anxiety attacks. Distance learning allows a student to work in an area that they are comfortable in and already familiar with, which can make their environment less intimidating for them. Overall improving their mental health can also positively impact their grades.

In addition, video conferencing creates a one on one learning environment for the student. Being in a one on one learning environment can benefit the student because they will not be surrounded by other students or by their friends to get distracted. Many students get caught up in talking to other people or not being able to focus on the teacher because there are too many people talking around them, so they end up not being able to listen to the teacher's lesson. When its just the teacher and the student, the student may feel more comfortable talking to the teacher and asking questions. This is because when they are around other students they may feel like they will get made fun of or laughed at.

in conclusion, there are many advantages to distance learning. Attending classes from home can improve a students mental health which can lead to an overall improvement in their grades. As well as create a comfortable relationship between the teacher and student.