Sometime staying home from school can feel great; It gives you time to fully wake up and enjoy your morning. Going to school can feel tiring because you do it 5 days a week. Some students would say they would rather stay home than actually coming, or maybe even working from home is better then being in school. Mostly because classes could be boring, you barely learn, or hard to focus on with all distractions in the room. Most schools allow you to work online and video conference with teachers for work. This could benefit you in many ways. Attending classes from home could help provide extra help and fitting doing your work into the day, improve knowledge, or being able to focus more in a quiet environment.

You ever needed extra help in a class but the teacher was too busy to assist you cause they're working with others. A video conference call would help that a one on one call, or class conference. More time for repeated instructions and more time to work on problems than rushing through them. Being able to record the call for later references on work and being able to not be distracted by friends. Fitting your work into your day meaning your able to work in the morning or midday. Manages time for your online school classes cause it could be at the same time everyday. You would still be learning the same thing as everyone else just a little different cause your home.

Benefits you by improving your knowledge. Makes you learn faster by understanding the information. Lots of online help meaning more websites to figure out how to do the work. Better ways of spending your time then to sit in a classroom and just talk to others and barely get work done. It would grab the attention of students because being on the computers could be fun and depending on the lesson it could be something for them to engage in and want to learn more. That makes students do their work more, when its more fun. A quiet place gives you your space that is needed to work and an calm environment. Gets you more focus because everything could be heard better without over talking.

Some disadvantages about taking classes from home would be the same for being in school taking classes. Like you would need to turn work in on time for proper grading, the connection for your computer could go out or be messed up, or even it would be hard to learn or wouldn't feel the same as being in a class. Despite my reason taking classes at home are bad it's still a good thing that could benefit you in the end. It still has it ways of being challenging. Whos's to say it has to be easy to get better at it. The more you conference the better you get at asking for help and interacting with others, such as the teacher. Also multiply ways of getting it done and strategies.

Taking your classes at home would be the best benefit here. Basically you could take your time for work help understand things. Improve how much you get to sleep rather than to wake up early in the day. More space and quiet time to listen and learn. Students would say working at home is better than being at school. Although our friends would be there at school and we would be at home it still helps us get what we need done finished. Each school should have a choice of working at home or attending your regular classes during the day. 