Dear State Senator, it is more favorable to keep the splendid method of the Electoral College and not to change it to election by popular vote for the United States President. The Electoral College method is more perferable because it helps to advoid run-off elections, and less numerical values.

Using the Electoral College to vote is more efficent because of it's aid to advoid run-off elections. As Richard A. Posner states," The Electoral College advoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast." It also can help candidates running for president to advoid going to states that they know whose vote will have no effect. For example, Democrats in Texas and Republicans in California or how Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only a 43% plurality of the popular votes while winning a majority in the electoral college. There isn't even any pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority vote that was cast leading to a clear winner.

Furthermore, using the Electoral College to select the President can help to reduce numerical values. Even though a citizen's vote doesn't automatically go to the candidate running for office and actually selects the electors that will select the President, the amount of votes it reduced greatly. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors, rather than a estimate of 500 million votes total. Only a majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect a President. This includes one for each member in the House of Representatives and two for Senators. With most states having a winner-take-all system it even more so reduces the numerical value to that of just electors to vote for the winning presidential candidate while voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay closer attention to the campaign. Those voterss are more likely to be more thoughtful on average. They also receive the most information and attention from candidates.

Although, some articles and people consider the Electoral College method to be unfair to voters. Bradford Plumer says,"Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning." Even so, knowing their vote will have no effect, they will have kess incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would if the president were to be picked by popular vote.

Continuing, as was said before to the State Senator, it's a much more favorable idea to forward with the Electoral College method rather than popular vote because it will help advoid many time-consuming problems like run-off elections and high numerical values.    