When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. This seems rather odd to us to ask someone else rather than ourselves what choice to chose, but asking some one else for advice is actually very important and effective. Seeking multiple opinions can help you make a better choice because some people are wise, you have many different opinions from other people to choose from, and you might not like the choice you thought of.

To begin with, seeking multiple opinions can help you make a better choice because some people are wise. They may have been in a same or similar situation you may be in, they learned what they saw and is telling it to others along the way, they have greater wisdom about the world, having strong and thoughtful advice as well as being trustworthy people who would not try to steer others in the wrong direction, and they can pull or convince you to go into the right way to being a better person, in fact, some books and movies actually teach this lesson to the audience so they can learn it. All in all, you should get advice from people who are wise and are not on the bad side of life.

Next, you have many different opinions from other people to choose from. People from all the countries in the world see one thing or action different from how another person thinks, some have good outcomes while others have unhelpful outcomes, others might not understand what you are telling them so they might guess and give the wrong answer to you, singling out some of the advice given will make the chances of having a good outcome even greater, and people who known what their talking about, are often correct and suggest better pickings. To sum up, it is very good to have multiple opinions from others to see if one of their advice is better than the other.

Finally, you might not like the choice you thought of. It could end in an unpleasant outcome with bad consequences, your opinion could make you fall in with the wrong crowd of people, there is a high chance that stress will come to anyone who struggle with coming up with something to do, this may also cause you to have little confidence when you can not come up with advice for yourself, even though, it is okay to not know something and it is also fine to ask or talk to someone who dose know it, and do not try to come up with advice to something you can not do or know very little about. To warp it all up, if you come up with advice that dose not sound very wise, please ask another person so they can teach you the right way so you can be safe.

In conclusion, s eeking multiple opinions can help you make a better choice because some people are wise, you have many different opinions from other people to choose from, and you might not like the choice you thought of. You should care about this because many young kids and adults often do not ask others for advice because they do not know any better or refuse to ask another person they do not known to ask them for advice to do or not to do something, end up doing it that might get them in trouble or even get hurt. So that is why advice giving by people is so important because it steers those into the right path and get them up on their feet. So if you plan to hear or give advice to another person, tell them something wise a easy to understand so they could possibly pass it on to others. If you do this, then you will feel very confident in yourself and give advice where ever you go. If you do not do this, then you will not know what is right or wrong from another persons advice and you will likely not live a great life where you give advice but instead deny advice.