Although cell phones have not been around for a very long time, they have become a key part of our lives. Everyone including myself uses their cell phones for just about everything such as: texting, talking, social media, taking photos, etc. There are often times where we can multitask with all of the above. Unfortunately, most people are also choosing the wrong time to be on their phones: while they are driving. As a society, we have become so focused on the little gadget in our hands that we are willing to risk our personal safety as well as the safety of others because we can't prioritize.

Despite of the many risk, people still use cell phones at bad times because they want to be always available and keep in touch with other people. There are evidences that they are dangerous and people should avoid talking while driving. The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving.

Although drivers should not be able to use their phones while driving, there are new devices that help multitask with driving and having your phone stationary. People say that hands-free sets are an example of practicing safety because people can drive using two hands and still have their phones in sight. However, hands-free devices don't eliminate the risk of causing an accident and it may even worsen the situation. Recommending such ideas could cause more controversy and promote unsafe activities by suggesting that the behavior is safe to the public. Researches show that using headsets such as bluetooth or ear buds can be as dangerous as holding a phone because the conversations distracts drivers from focusing on the road.

When we are driving, sometimes it is difficult to focus on the road which makes it easy to forget that the roads are shared by everyone and not for our exclusive use. Other drivers on the road take notice of drivers on their cell phones whether they want to or not because of the hazards they create. When driving, you have to be aware of your surroundings as well as everyone else's safety. Erratic driving is something that we all get quite worked up about, especially if it makes us late or is otherwise a direct inconvenience to us. No one wants to be apart of a traffic jam or worse, an accident.

Despite being addicted to these little hand held devices, we as a society have to learn to prioritize for the safety of our nation. The hand free devices are fine but Studies show that they do not prevent a high number of accidents. The amount of focus and time spent on being cautious and aware is not high in numbers. Drivers are too in tune with what is going on with the rest of the world that they can not seem to focus on the road ahead. Once everyone understands the importance of not texting and driving, the streets will be safe for us as well as the upcoming generations.

CITED SOURCES:

1. https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html

2. https://www. nsc. org/road-safety/tools-resources/infographics/hands-free-is-not-risk-free

3. www. google. com         