What we say matters and shouldnt be taken lightly

America is a country of opppurtunity. And many people come to this country to escape or change their harsh living style. When the founding father created the consitution.

I'm sure that they expected the system to last, and for the citizens to have a say in what happens to our home. but now is our government is denying us our, chance to make a difference in america. Voting.

Many people think that the Electoral college is a place, But it actully is a process. the fonding fathers established it in the constioin as a comprmise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. But now it is a way for people with a big pocket, to get there say, in who get to be president. In source 2: the readers are told that over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election. What this tells the readers is, americans don't feel like their vote actually counts towards the election anymore.

Now people are starting to wonder, Whats wrong with the Electoral college? The answer to that questions is, under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. To any american looking at this process happening and knowing their vote doesnt really matter. would feel like an injustise has been done to them, and they are absolutlly right. In the constition it say , That americanshave the freedom to vote, both men and women. so as a citizen of american, WE should be able to choose our president not an elector, from the electoral college.

As an american the citizens should be able choose who they want for president. It is not only unfair and unjust, that our votes don't have any pull. But it is also going against what our fonding fathers worked so hard to perfect. A naton where the people's words matter. The people who work hard everyday, teaching our children, and protecting our citizens, the people who lay down their lives for this country. The people who support this country , no matter how many injustices are thrown at them. Those people should have the most sway in choosing our president. Not the people who have had to never work a day in there life, or the people who are not grateful for this country. when a person who holds a position in an american government office, is easily paid off, It s time for some new, loyal, and dedicated workers. who work just as hard as the rest of america.            