Imagine if you could realize your friends emotions all the time. Facial Action Coding Systems might be our new way to know how someone is feeling. New software is being developed to better comunicate emotions. What if we had this technology in schools? To better understand our peers and know if they are okay. This would be a tremendous advance in schools nowadays.

If we had this technology in school teachers could better understand their students. Teachers could find out how the student are feeling and adjust according to what the students are thinking. This machine would help classrooms everywhere because if a student is board of the lesson odds are they are not going to pay attention. A student is not always willing to talk to a teacher and tell them why they are not doing well or what they dont like about class. You cant always be perfect at guessing how someone is feeling by what you see because they could be hiding their emotions from you. People would think that the machine would not work right and it would be false information being read. The machine is constructed by callibrating it to recognize all 44 major muscles in the model to move exactly like humans move. The machine has six basic emotions happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness. And along with the characteristics are movements of the facial muscles. Each one of the emotions are designed to be read of human facial movements to detect emotion. All the steps to constucting this machine are great and are taken off of human facial movement.

Facial Action Coding machines could help teachers and staff stop suicidal thought or actions from occuring. Teachers are at school to help students and just the regular teacher dosen't always catch a student having a horrible day or getting bullied constantly. This machine could help teachers find the kids that are having it rough and sit down with them and talk. This machine would take away the amount of suicidal thoughts and even suicide at high schools all across the country.

This machine would help in many different catigories. If teachers started using this machine and making kids feel better everyday it would make students want to come back to school and want to learn. This would increase grades and student to teacher bonds. The students would carry that home and that would help parents. Kids would do more choirs and help around the house more. They would stop being so hostile twords their parents. This machine could bring so much good to schools and communities all across the world.

Although this machine would be great to have in schools it could be taken as a privacy issue. Students might not feel comfortable if a teacher or elder has a machine that can read how they are feeling. This could be an issue for many parents as well. If a parent does not want this in the school their child goes to they are more than likely to take their child out of that school. This could provoke other parents as well to get the wrong idea about this machine. The parents could see this as a danger in a school because they would no nothing about the machine or the students could be frightened from this machine.

To conclude my essay I think this device would be a great thing to have in schools. It could prevent kids from being bullied, having suicidal thought or even being board in class. It would help teachers get the right idea of what to teach in class and get the idea of students that might be having a really hard time. All in all this machine would be a great tool to use in schools all across the world.