Online classes could be a very advantageous opportunity for students. They provide countless benefits and would be extremely beneficial for students because, students would be in a conformable environment, they would be able to further their learning, and they would also be catering to student unable to attend normal class. These are just some of the benefits online classes provide.

If students had the opportunity to attend online classes they be more productive than in a classroom due to their environment. Working from home can be a much needed break for student providing an escape from the stress and anxiety of school. It allows student to escape the social hierarchy of modern high schools, and be more conformable in class not having to worry about what others think of them. For instance, one day a student named Generic_Name is running late for school; he has no time to shower, fix his hair, or even brush his teeth. Now he has to go to school and worry that people are going to make fun of his hair, or worry about his bad breathe. That day would fill him with anxiety and stress. although if Generic_Name had an online class that day he wouldn't have to worry about all that, no one would know that his breath smelled, or that his hair was all messed up. online class provide a much need escape from the classroom setting for students.

Online classes also give student the option to take more courses or courses they school doesn't offer. In Generic_City Student are given the opportunity to take one to two more online classes in addition to there seven in school classes. These additional classes allows students to graduate early, and pursue further education and a career much earlier in life. Which positively benefits society by providing a way for young adults to play an acting part in supporting society. Student who've taken advantage of online classes have also had the opportunity to take classes not previously provided. These classes could pivotal role in a student choosing whether to seek further education after high school, or decide what they want to study in there secondary education.

Online class would also provide a way for student unable to attend class in school to receive an education. There are some cases where adolescence cant attend school due to health problems or mental illness. There was child nicknamed Bubble Boy because he lived in a bubble. Bubble Boy had no working immune system forcing him to live in a bubble. This is an extreme case where someone wouldn't be able to attend school for their own safety. There has also been cases where schools turn to online classes due to an epidemic. Currently in South Korea all D.O.D. school have been closed due to the spread of the corona virus. making online classes a vary viable option to continue class in those circumstances.

These are just a few of the many reasons online classes are beneficial to students. Online classes are excellent opportunities for students because, students would be in a conformable environment, they would be able to further their learning, and they would also be catering to student unable to attend normal class. These are just some of the many benefits of online classes. Who's wouldnt take advantage of this amazing opportunity.