The the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" display both positive and negative aspects about driverless cars. Everyone looks foward to the feature because of new technology that could make life easier but we really dont think about the bad that can come from these new divices. In my personal opinion I think that the negative aspects outweigh the positive aspects when it comes to driverless cars.

Even though driverless cars can possibaly be good for the economy because they use half the fuel of today's taxis they also have a large amount of cons that many people don't ever think about because they are blinded by the fact that these cars can basically get you where you need to go with little to no assistance from you, the manually driver. Even though driverless cars can get you where you need to go with hardly no assistance from you there will also be times when they do need your assistance, like if there is a accident or when there are road closes ahead. Although the car can alert you will you be to destracted by other things, such as cell phones, to pay attention to the signals that the car is giving you? Many drivers are probably more likley to to get bored while they are waiting for their turn to drive and this can result in accedents or something of that nature becaue you, the destracted driver, has missed the warning signales that the car is giving off to you.

Also people look at the aspect that just because they might be saving money by getting these cars because they will save money on gas and think that they are getting a better deal. But however, these cars are basically computer cars and if there is a problem with electrical pieces in the car it could be very pricey. Also since these cars are besically ran off of these computers that means of a part if messed up th car will not function properly.

Even though these cars can possabily be safer for the public when it comes to drunk drivers, what if these cars have a malfunction or technical diffuclitys? That could also be very harming to the public and you. If these driverless cars has a malfunction it could also put your life in danger along with the other people around you.

In conclusion, driverless cars has its pros and cons but when you actually think about it, the cons outweigh the pros. Just because you have this driverless car does not make you anymore safer than a person with a non driverless car. Just like regular cars, driverless cars has cons to it as well. Driverless carscan have expensive repairs and malfunctions just like regular cars can have. In my opnion driverless cars can have just as big of a risk as regular cars do. 