The use of technology is widely used today and is making our world diffrent and more easier everyday. Technoldgy could be used for good things but, also used for bad. But either way we made it and its ours to use. Technology helps us look into many things that are important to us. Technology tells us what the weather is, or whats happening in a city far away. Either way it helps us look deeper in what we wanna know. Would you want to know how someone felt really by one scan of a machine/computure?

There is a new software, latest innovation of Prof. Thomas Huang. He and his colleague are making ways where technology and humans could commuinicate better. They are trying to see how people really feel and are they okay. This technology could be vary valuable, since now a days we use it like crazy. if we had gotten software that could see how we feel maybe students could be better at many things and technology would know how to help us interact with them."a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." paragraph 6, lines 5-8.

We as the users of technology should have our computers know what we want and what we don't want, if we use those and we use Dr. Huang's idea and we get what we want and many providers could be outreached and many providers will get the audience they wnat and what the users of technology will also get what they really want."so computers need to understand that, too."paragraph 6, line 11-12. Dr. Huang expresses that technology needs to understand us so we coukld let them knoiw what we want and what the consumer wants.

There is also many peopel who go undiagnosed for what they have. Many people show how they feel or what they are thinking by their expression. People could be depressed, have anxiety, have mnay diffrent conditions and they go undetected. We could use this technology to help out many diffrent people an dwe could use this to better our society and how the people in it really feel."His new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code." paragraph 5, lines7-8. This could help us break many barriers and help people who battle themselves every day. Technology helps us get closer to eachother everyday.

In conclusion technology is helping us and its our choice what to do with it and what we could make in the future to helps us more, and not make us more uneducated. Technology that could help us read emotional expression of many people, especially our upcoming youth in classrooms everywhere. It will help us get to know an dteach better than the old ways we use to have back in the day. We must become inventors to make our selves more accesible and more expressive.