Along with other students, Summer has always been one of my favorite seasons; the reason for this is because there's no school. Since there's no school for students during summer, we tend to forget everything that was taught to us throughout the school year. Schools believe students should not forget all of the valuable things we learned throughout the school year when we go into summer break, for this reason many schools require students to complete a summer project. The issue with having a summer project is many people can't decide if the project should be teacher-designed or student-designed. I believe the project should be teacher-designed because they know what knowledge the project should have for the students to learn, and they would know what projects would interest the students.

Some may argue and claim: the students would know better than the teachers on what interest them. Though, as everyone may probably know, some students don't always have the same interest as each other; for example, the athletic kids may not be into what the tech kids are into. So this task to pick a project for everyone may be be difficult for the students to figure out. On the other hand, teachers may have it easier figuring out what interest all or almost all of the students. Teachers could conduct surveys and have students fill out their interest, and the teachers can design the project based on the answers provided by the survey. Although, this method may not be entirely great for each individual student, it would be great for the majority of them.

Teachers would also know what specific knowledge they would include in the projects for their students. For example, they would know what is important for the student to learn from the project and what to remember from their previous school year, so they can take that information onto the next school year. While if the summer project was designed by students; they wouldn't know what's is important for them to learn or what previous knowledge to include. The knowledge that this project would contain is crucial to the learning and understanding of the students. This is something that possibly only teachers would be able to prepare correctly: for students this would be too much responsibility.

Though, seeing the side of the students wanting to design the project is very understandable. I understand that they feel as if they know themselves and their peers better than the teachers, so they would know what type of project would attract the other students. Students could also ask their teacher from the previous and the following year: what is beneficial and important for them to learn from the project. Although, it's better if the teachers were to design the project, that doesn't mean the students don't have the ability to do it.

Therefore, students can design the summer project if given the chance, but given the circumstances, it's better if the teachers would have the responsibility of designing it. Teachers just know what knowledge the project should contain for the students to learn, and they would know what type of project would interest the students. I've thoroughly explained why teachers would be the better candidate for this job, rather than the students.

Overall, what's important here is not who designs the project, but instead the project itself. This project determines what is valuable for the students to know before going into the following school year.