The use of technology to read peoples emotion is a good thing to have. While reading this article I found lots of good things about this computer, such as how if a teacher had one they could find out if their students are liking the lesson or just not wanting to listen at all. In the next paragraphs I will explain how the use of this technology is a good idea.

My evidence to supprt my claim is in paragraph six it says,"A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." I choose to use this evidence, because alot of teachers don't know if their lesson or what they are teaching is actually going to be a sucess or if the students are just acting like they are listening. At my school, alot of students don't listen to the teache teach. This new technology could detect if the students are confused or just plan old bored, and this could allow the teachers to maybe change the way they are teaching the lesson, maybe make it more interative.

The other evidence I found to support my claim is in the fourth paragraph where is says,"By weighting the the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions." With this technology, it could help doctor, nurses, theraphist, and even school counselors, to see the real emotion that their patients are feeling at a certain time. I know that alot of patients at a doctors office like to hide what they are feeling so that they look tough, well with this type of technology any person that has a patient of some sort will be able to know the emotion they are feeling so they know what they could give them the help that they need. This might be the only use for this technology, but the help it could give to the people who are hurting, upset or have any other emotion, this new technology could help all them.

In conclusion, to my claim I think that this technology will be very useful to alot of people who like to hid their emotion instead of sharing it with the people they should really be sharing it with. So, overall this technolgy that can read people's emotion would be a great device that many people like doctors, nurses, and even school teachers can use to help the people they got their job to help.          