Homeschooling has been around for years for students who aren't able to or don't want to attend a physical school in person. It's shown the same benefits as a physical school but just allowing the work to be done at home. I believe that if students were able to attend classes from home there would be benefits including higher graduation rates, unforeseen medical problems, and increase positivism in students who have had bad school experiences.

Graduation rates will never be 100% especially with the amount of students dropping out before graduation. Today in society everything is done online from social media to health care and now even online schooling . If classes were added online, kids who aren't as motivated to come to school would be able to further their education in online classes that can be done outside a classroom. In 2018 a school in Generic_City, VA implemented online schooling into their curriculum for students. The results of the online schooling were the rates of graduating classes went up by 5%. The results didn't go unnoticed by staff as they started to set up video conferencing for students at home so they could virtually get lessons to help with class material. Such results signify that the distance learning is working and should be brought to more schools in the area. By 2019, 6 more schools had introduced an online education system matching up with the work that they teach in classes throughout the school. The hope is to bring that type of learning to different parts of the country and even farther if possible.

Health care is rapidly improving everyday but new cases come up every second that we can't always be prepared for. If students battling medical problems at home can not come to do school, what are they supposed to do for education? A new virus called corona virus could be causing an epidemic which means staff at schools have to start preparing for cases such as closing school for an extended period of time. In that period of time they have to provide some sort of education purpose while the closure is ongoing. If we had online classes implemented for all grades, we would be able to do our classes at home while being safe. Schools in Generic_City, Generic_City, Generic_City, and many more have already started placing procedures to do once the virus makes it's way over and many schools are already closing because of it. Teachers could video conference with many students just as if they were in class and the students could take notes or do whatever work corresponds with the class that the teacher is teaching. Just by doing that, the students can be just as prepared as they would be if they were in class and be able to have all the correct material for when school starts up again.

Early childhood is made up of many things but the one thing you spend most of your early years in is school. My school experience was really tough growing up as I switched schools a few times before sticking to the ones in my area. I was picked on many times but never told anyone because I was scared of being different. Looking back on those experiences, I wish I could've been apart of an online schooling system. It would've helped my confidence going back into actual school and could've prepared me for later in life. 46.2% of students recorded at one point being picked on in their middle school or high school experience and reported that it left them wanting to have some other type of education that wouldn't leave them feeling that way. Generic_City has made a website called Virtual Generic_City which allows students to take certain classes online whenever they want to at their own pace. The hope would be to opening a broader aspect of the classes offered on the site and allow for more to be added in the future.

Overall, distance learning or online classes would benefit many students in more ways than one and can be used for many different purposes. My hope is that for the future more will be done to provide for the students that would like to take an online course as they can be extremely beneficial and just as detailed as classroom courses. Video conferencing, online quizzes, and detailed notes could be provided which will help students from all ages and grades have the best possible education.        