Dear principal,

"STUDENT_NAME, you should really come to the soup kitchen with me some time. It's really fun and the people are really happy that you're there." This is something my friend suggested to me. I decided to go with her since I adore putting helping and putting a smile on people's faces. Therefore, i think it would be a great idea for students to be required to perform community service. For starters, there a lot of kids from our school that don't do anything out of school and the country is in need of extra help. Additionally, a friend of mine that goes to a different is required to do community service and he's happy and the princi

To begin, there are many kids that go home from school and watch television and eat for the rest of the day. As a result, they become lazy and end up, in some cases, gaining weight from doing nothing. If more students are required to do community service, it would actually give them an opportunity to go outside or to be with someone and have company. For example, i know for a fact, that STUDENT_NAME would rather be building a house for the homeless than watch another episode of Grey's Anatomy. I think that the principal's decision will definitely affect everyone in a situation like this.

Eventually, everywhere i look, there is a homeless person begging for money. Poverty is one of the greatest problems in the United States. I once gave a homeless person a single dollar and they were grateful to finally go and buy a hamburger at Burger King. Requiring students to be active in helping their communities is a good thought since some people, and students also, need some assistance. The students could help construct homes, feed the homeless, tutor the kids that can't go to school, etc.

Last but not least, community service isn't necessarily a bad thing to be involved in doing. Some other school require kids to do the community service and if they don't have the required amount, then they get punished. This would be an idea for the principal to ponder. He could easily punish the students for not doing what they're required to do and that would motivate the kids. On the other hand, the principal could also give the kids incentives for doing community service. For example, giving prizes to the students that perform the greatest amount of hours of community service. That way, the principal would be satisfied helping his community and the students would also be happy by getting something in return for their hard work.

In conclusion, i opinion that the great leader in the school should particularly make it mandatory for the pupils to do community service. It would give them something to do in their free time and it would benefit many people in the country that are in need of special services. The principal could also include incentives or punishments to motivate the students in doing the community service. Lastly, i feel, deep inside my heart, i feel that there are kids out there that desperately need to help kids instead of doing what they do. In other words, if the country needs helpers to assist in helping the environment and the citizens, then the principal should most likely make the students be active in their communities.