At a young age, students need experience of cooperation and listening skills in a public area, and schools teaches students to achieve the basic needs in their life for their future benefits. Majority of students prefer staying home rather than going to school; it might be because of the amount of work they get, a test they have to take, relationship issue or it might simply be becuse they lack interest in their class. Attending school may not sound exciting, but students continue to attend because they know the beneficial of the outcome. Attending classes from home by online or video conference is not a good option to recomend for the student. Especially at a age of learning, students need an experience to interact with others to build up a stong generation and also for their own goods.

Everyone has their own position in their life. Either a doctor, a teacher, a mother, a brother or a student. A student is one of a positon in our society. People might ask how students are one of the role in our society. People simply think of being a student is a natural thing that everyone has to go through in our life, but by being a student it gives intelligence and courage to people. My cousin Generic_Name; six years old; seems like she's having fun in school. I asked what makes school interesting for her and she said playing music, painting, reading new books and most importantly meeting friends. After listening to her respond, attending school shows how importnat it is as a student. It gives courage and oportunity to think what we like and what we're good at. By Generic_Name's diverse and positive respond, I've learned how important it is to attend school starting as a young age.

Interacting with others might seem hard or usless but it gives beneficial to everyone by simply making us diverse. As a young age, I grew up in different kinds of countries with different kinds of cultures. United States, South Korea and the Philippines. I've learned new languages and cultures, but most importantly I've learned how to make good friends and to build up relationship. First it was hard to interact with others so I suggested to my family about homeschooling but my parents dissagreed. They told me that school is not only a place where students learn for education, but a place where people interact and learn from others. I could never understand what my parents really ment. It was hard to understnad and learn as a student in a foreign country but as time pass, with my effort and with a reach of a hand from others, I've met and made wonderful people from different kind of places. Because of the strong relatiiobship, me and my friends are still contacting. I never regret by studying at different places of school because it made me strong and diverse. As time flew, I understood the reason and the importance of attending school.

Additionally, Attending school is to build intelligence for the students. Students learn new lesson everyday which boost up their intelligence and their brian function. When students attend school they have an opportunity to ask question they have never understood. According to Cnn new, they conformed an research that human brains develop until the age 25; as a young age it is easier to learn a new topic because younger people understand and memorize faster and easier than older people. Learning is free for anyone but for thoes who has passion will make learning a beneficial for them. High school students might think why they should go to school and pass the class for graduation requirment. Like Algebra for math, Chemistry for science, World history, English and more. By studying thoes classses in school gives diverse ideas on what they want to learn and what major they're good at. People might simply say why can't students learn by online class. Well, if students take an online class then students won't have an opportunity to do chemical labs for Chemistry or a pig disection for Biology. By doing an experience or by doing any activity physically and visually makes the students learn and understnd better, which is hard for students who take an online class.

In contrast, there might be students who prefer studying by a way of online or video conferencing which is not a wrong or abnormal thing. By online studying it can give concentration and it can also build the students' thinking skills. It also gives an oportunity to take time to analyze their problems. Unlike online class, students have to manage their time to anwer in a given period for thoes who study at school. Studying at school gives opportunities for gorup work, which is the most important thing for the future need. Students can study at home but it will be harder for them to interact with others in the society. Not only college but the future wants people who can interact with others which is easier for people who have experienced it. For a better country and a society, people wants someone who can listen and understand others by being humble.

To sum it up distance learning is not a wrong thing but it is somthing that is not prefered for students and young adults who needs to interact and learn from others. Thoes adults who studied at school shows a stronger mentality and a better understandment for others. By studying at school, it gives students a diverse experience and interaction with education and relationship skills. School might seem as a place of stress and a lot of anxiety. but by facing thoes probelms it builds up our intelligence and strengthen our mentality. For a better generation and a futre, we should encourage younger generations to attend school in a class with peers.     