I

don't think students would be benefit to attend classes from home.

Reasons

1-difficult.

2-Get distracted.

3-confused.

First i don't think students would be benefit to attend classes from home. It can be hard if they don't undertand something. Is not the same the class in the computer to have a tecacher explaining you. If you have a question it's difficult to ask to the computer unlike to ask to a teacher.

Second i don't think students would be benefit to attend classes from home they can get distracted for anything. If they get lazy they can say they going to take the class later. if they want to watch a movie they going to forge thinks about the class. They can get distracted for anything like the phone,music,and the TV.Attend class from home would not benefit students if they want to hang out with their frinds they can leave the class in any moment unlike if they have a teacher giving the the class in the school they can respect the class,put more antention,and understand better the class.

Third i don't think students would be benefit to attend class from home they can get confused with the class. if the take the class online they can read the direction but sometimes even reading the directions students get confused.

is better to attends the classes in the school so a teacher can help students with anything students will need. teachers have the experience to explain students what they need to do about the class. attend classes online students basically are alone so is more confused to understand the class. in school if students get confused they can ask to someone else to understand. at home they dont have anybody so they have to think alot to understand. attend classes from home can affect students grades for less knowledge about the class unlike in the schools they have many opportunities to learn better.

In conclusion students would not be benefit to attend classes from home they can get distracted for anything. It can be more difficult to them to undertand the classes. they can get confused with things about the class for not have a teacher with them personality to be helping them to undertand the class.