Have you ever wondered what it would be like if everyone knew what you were feeling all the time? It may not sound ideal to use it everywhere however it could drasticly help improve the education of students. The facial action coding system would be very important in a classroom, giving the teacher vauable feedback. This new technology would allow teachers to improve class by keep students engaged and better helping them succeed.

The facial action coding system gives teachers valuable feedback about their student."Eckman has classified six basic emotions- happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and saddness"(Alto 4). The information these basic emotions would provide to a teacher could have significant impacts on the classroom. Knowing what the student is feeling during a certain activity or presentation during the class, the teacher would be better equiped to help their students. Teachers would be able to better meet the needs of the student to better help them learn and do well in their classroom. Implomenting this amazing tehnology into the everyday classroom could help teachers could educate their students better while keeping them engaged.

Having access to information about how the student are responding to a particular activity allow teachers to improve class by keep students engaged."By weighing the different units the software can even identify mixed emotion"(Alto 5). having the information of a students emotions could prove vital for a teacher by making their job significantly easier. A teacher would easily identify if the students enjoy certain topics or not to help them better prepare for the future. Having emotional feedback from the student can help teachers better prepare students more easily.

With the vital information the facial action coding system provides teachers are now better able to help their students succeed. "Whoever though that making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotion"(Alto 9). Having a computer to read a students expressions could drastically make a teachers life easier in the classroom. The everyday teacher would be better equiped to teach their students. Teachers would know when their students are not engaged or distracted. They would be able to keep thier student on track and keep them focused and productive in class. This next generation technology will give teachers the information to help improve the students learning experience while keeping them happy.

The facial action coding system is a valuable resource for teacher that could help them improve the student learning experience. The teachers would be able to keep students more engaged and better prepare students to succeed. The emotion reading technology has the potential to make a teachers job easier and increase the students learning experience. The benefits the facial action coding system provides to the education system far excede any negatives.      