Working from home is something that every person dreams of, they dream of being able to wake up at a reasonable time and not even having to leave the comfort of their own home to do their work. For students, that dream should be a choice for them.

While long distance learning can be damaging to a student's high school career, the benefits from working from home outweigh the consequences. Working from home allows a student to fit their work into their own schedule, students with disabilities are given a comfortable working space, and; ultimately, distance learning could improve mental health among teens.

The teenage years are the most important years of a person's life, it is when their brain is developing the most and when their personality really flourishes. One thing that could be detrimental to a student's development is a lack of sleep. Waking up at dawn every day is mentally and physically challenging for students, many students, like myself, skip breakfast so that they can get a few extra minutes of sleep before they have to haul themselves to school for seven non-stop hours. Working from home allows a student to set their own schedule, and allows a student to get the recommended amount of sleep that a teenager should be getting. Another thing that can interfere with a students schedule are doctors appointments, distance learning gives a student the chance to go to their appointment without having to miss a class and fall behind.

Many students have disabilities, whether it be physical or mental, and while the school system tries their hardest to make them comfortable, sometimes it just is not enough. A student with physical disabilities, for example arthritis or an injury, could have trouble when switching classes or walking up a flight of stairs. Working from home lets them sit at a computer desk and access any class they want without having to move. Many students, even if they themselves do not know it, struggle with a mental illness. Mental illnesses or disabilities make it hard for a student to complete day to day tasks, such as group work or being in a unfamiliar and uncomfortable space. Distance learning gives a student with a mental illness the chance to work at their own pace that is comfortable for them.

Mental health is an big issue for teens in this generation. Some mental health issues can be solved by allowing a teen to work from home. At school, there are many things that can be degrading to a teens mental health, one of the main things that damage someones mental health are their overly critical peers. Almost everyone experiences some kind of bullying in their school career and by allowing a student to work from home, it eliminates a lot of the bullying that they can experience while being in a school. By working from home and behind a screen, students no longer have to worry what they look like or how they dress because their peers can not see them. A student has the chance to develop their own sense of style without the burden of having people judge them for wearing what they want.

There may be some consequences, though, when a student works from home, it can be easy for them to slack off without a teacher to remind them when due-dates are. Students who work at school are constantly reminded that they have to get back to work when they slack off, but when they are at home, there is no teacher there to tell them that they are falling behind. Another problem that could occur is that a student could experience a technical difficulty and end up missing a test or project that was due, which could damage their grade.

In conclusion, Distance learning has many benifits that outnumber the few consequences that a student could have while working from home. A student can fit their work into their schedules without having to worry about doctors appointments, lack of sleep is no longer an issue, students with disabilities are given a chance to have a comfortable working space, and; in the long run, working from home can improve a student's mental health.