Some schools have always considered a distant learning program for schools but have never really put the time and effort into making it happen. Students would benefit from a school that is offering a distant style of learning by online or video conferencing. For some students. being able to learn from home would make it easier on them and their parents. Schools need to look into providing an online or video conferencing program for their students at home.

Some students have mental problems that makes it very hard for them to focus or to even learn in school. A few students get very anxious around a group of people. Students stress over being timed in class to finish a assignment or to finish a quiz or test. Some students have mental breakdowns in schools because they are rushing to get something done and they do not want to do terrible on it but they are rushing for time and want to do well on it.

Schools having a distant learning program by online or video conferencing would really be beneficial to the parents of the children that need it. The parents isnt always there to help their children for when they need help on a assignment that they are doing but with a teacher or instructor the students can ask for help and get a answer that they need. The program would help the parents keep track of what their children are learning at home. The learning program would allow the parents to keep working and not have to worry about their children texting or calling them to ask if they can go home or to bring them something that they need.

People would say that schools offering a distant learning program option for students would cost the school a lot of time and resources that most schools do not like to spend. On the contrast, schools offering a distant learning program for students would greatly benefit them but making their presence known and it would help all the students who struggle in a public school and need a place more suitable for their learning needs.

Schools should offer a program that the students can take from their home where they can do it online or by video conferencing. Schools that would offer this program would see significant changes tot eh students and their community around them. Schools might say it is too much to ask for but it is what the students and parents need. the students need a long distant learning program for to better themselves in everything they do.