Being able to learn in a stress-free and comfortable environment that has limited distractions would benefit students more than learning in a classroom. Distance learning, a way of attending class via online or video conference, is starting to become a new way for students to attend their classes. Student absences would greatly reduce and more students would overall be present for their lectures. It would also help students who are sick and do not want to get behind in their courses. Students suspended from school will also still be able to participate and do their classwork instead of missing the classes they are gone for and failing because they don't understand the material. So yes, students, and their grades, would vastly benefit from being able to attend classes from home in the form of distance learning.

In the beginning of the first semester student attendance is perhaps at the highest overall percent for that school year up until final exams roll around. Students come in after the nice, long summer break wishing that it could last just a little bit longer; yet they still come to school the first day back ready to jump in and learn. But as the weeks go drag on and they're back into the groove of things, they start to slip and not want to go to school. They start to wake up late, miss the bus, and their parents are unable to take them to school so they end up being absent. Students could also need a break from the crowds and loud clamor of their peers if they are easily overwhelmed or socially anxious. Having distance learning as on option would help these students out immensely. Attendance would go up and more students would be able to be in class from an environment they are comfortable in.

During recent times, more and more students are starting to get sick. Most of the time those illnesses are contagious and they are forced to stay at home so they don't infect others. In other cases, they could have had a medical procedure and wouldn't be able to go back to school immediately. Or perhaps a deadly virus is going around and, in the off-chance that a student would have to be quarantined, they would still be able to be in class if they could not be there due to CDC precautions. An immediate and current example of this would be the CORVID-19 virus, also known as Coronavirus, which has presently needed a few students in the local area to be quarantined when the outbreak first started. They had to miss up to two weeks of school. Because they couldn't show up for health reasons, this is another reason why being able to learn from home would benefit students.

Suspension from school hurts the students more than it helps. Students can miss anywhere from three to ten school days, and in that, miss all the material that the class is learning and won't be able to get instructional help when they get the work, because they don't know or understand it. They end up failing the classes until they can bring the grades up. If anything, being able to do a video conference style learning during suspension should be required so the students wouldn't fail. It would help them understand the material in real time and still be able to ask questions if they don't understand something instead of not doing the work and ultimately getting behind in class.

If problems or situations like these should arise then the use of this new teaching method would bring the attendance average up, keep students in the loop when they are sick or suspended, and therefore, give them more, easier oppertunitities to be active in class and keep their grades up if they are physically unable to be present. With these reasons in mind, distance learning would be a helpful and resourceful option for students.