As technology progresses, is the new era of education online? Many students have begun to enroll in online classes where the student learns from home. Distance learning allows students to learn by way of online or video conferencing. I think many students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, since online classes allow students to work on their own time, which helps them work on what they struggle, and let's students work on their own schedule.

One benefit of online learning from home is that students can learn and do their work on their own time. A student can spend as much time as they need on any one subject, so the student can allot more time to work on any classes or concepts that they're weak in. Since students don't have to work with a group of 30 other kids trying to get help from the teacher on different topics, the student can work by themselves and shape their education around their own needs. The student won't have to waste time learning something that they already understand.

Another benefit to at-home learning is that students wouldn't have to wake up early to get to school, so they wouldn't be sleep deprived during class. Many students participate in after school activities such as sports or a job, which requires them to get home late, so students often stay up late getting school-work done, then have to wake up and get ready before the sun has risen. This means that many students are tired in class, and aren't able to learn in school. Attending classes from home would eliminate this problem, since students can take classes when they want, at a time that best fits their schedule.

Some may argue that attending classes from home would not benefit the student. This is because students won't be able to ask a teacher questions, and won't be able to retain information while looking at a screen. However online classes won't put students at a disadvantage. The students won't have in-person time with a teacher, but they would be able to submit any questions they have online. Also, there is no evidence showing that students can't learn from a screen. In fact, online learning may be a more effective way to learn than sitting in class for 7 hours each day.

In conclusion, distance learning would be beneficial to students because they are able to individually shape their learning, which helps them work on specific concepts that they struggle on. Distance learning is also beneficial because it better accommodates students' schedules and allows students to work on their own time. Online learning is the future of education.