In this passage the author states that, "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiousity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors". The author believes that trying to find more intel about Venus is going to help the human species in a positive way despite all of the dangers that we may face on the journey. I agree with him on this 100% and let me tell you why.

The author says in paragraph 2 that Venus is referred to as Earth's "twin" because of its distance away size and density. This means that Venus is not too far away from us and with it being so similar it would be extrodinary to find out what other similarities we have with Venus. If I had a twin I would want to know more about him as well. Not only is it close in size, density, and distance it also may have been layers with many oceans and various forms of life as well, which the author states in paragraph 4. The author also states that Venus also has many of the naturally formed structures that Earth has such as valleys, mountains, and craters.

Since Venus is closer to the sun it is a lot hotter then the surface on Earth. Scientist did say that although it may be very hot it is still survivable by humans. This means that Venus could one day be a living quaters for the human race. The author says that NASA wants to take a ship and hover it around 30 miles or so over Venus' surface, this will give us a little bit more insight on how Venus actually is but not too much on the surface. Because Venus has a thick cloud covering its surface its hard to get light to get through and not much will be present to the naked eye. This just furthers the authors claim to try even harder to figure out a way to reach Venus' surface and find more information regarding the planet.

As you can see the author did a fantastic job at supporting his claim about our further research of the planet Venus. He gave us examples of what we have done in the past as well as what we could do or might to in the future. He also supported his claim by giving us reasons as to why we should future explore this vast planet. In conclusion, I am convinced that we should invenst in the futuring of research for this fascinating planet Venus. 