Limiting car usage.

In todays society, almost everybody relies on automobiles to get them to where they need to go. They help us get from point A to point B quicker than walking or riding a bike. Sadly though, the truth is that automobiles account for a large percentage of airborn pollution. The toxic fumes that cars emmit are extremely dangerous to the atmosphere and the enviorment. That is why I think it is so important that we try to limit automobile usage.

Its is a known fact that cars cause pollution. Its common sense. There is no point in me elaborationg any further on that. We as a species are substantially harmful to our home planet. Our obsession and constant use of cars further prooves this point. Limting car usage could drastically cut down on the pollution that we cause.

Another overlooked advantage of limiting car usage would be the cut down in stress that one feels. Constantly relying on and maintianing a well working car can be quite stressful. There is a lot of time and money that goes into keeping a well working automobile. This can cause lots of frustatration that is not healthy for anyone to experience.

Lets not forget the constant commuting and traffic that the autombile lifestyle is a part of. Every single day, millions of Americans are forced to wait hours and hours in traffic to get to thier jobs. Think about how quick it would take if you didnt have to wait in traffic. Not to mention, as we stated in the second paragraph, It would greatly cut down on pollution. Imagine if everyone who was commuting to work with you in traffic found another way to get to work. Think about how much air pollution that would cut down on.

The fact of the matter is that we need to cut down on car usage. I am not denying how great cars are. They make our lives substantially easier. I am merely saying that we need to cut down on the rate in which we use them. We need to be more conscious about the decisions that we make today in order to garuntee a safe and prosperous world for our future. Cutting down on automobile usage, thus cutting down on air pollution, can help make this come true.    