The Emotional Classroom

Using technology when trying to find out if a student is lost or just does not get the topic is a useful thing to have in the classroom. The Facial Action Coding System which enables computers to identify human emotions is a great feat in artificial intelligence. Using technology like that in a common daily use could be what the future is all about. I know that the Facial Action Coding System is what the future of learning will be all about. For one, it helps teachers figure if students are interested or not, two, it allows computer programs to advance, and three, it will more importantly help the students.

For the longest time teachers have been trying to figure out if a student is in need of help. With new technology coming out people have been getting closer at achieving that goal. With the Facial Action Coding Systems teachers may now be able to figure out just how their student feels about a certain topic or problem they may be facing. According to details from the text Dr. Huang predicts, " A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." With that type of technology there is no reason why any student should be failng any of their classes.

With facial recognition being the next big thing in the world, people are coming up with more useful things than just capturing human emotions and giving back it to them. People are using this type of technology to advance their own needs. " The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive--- for video games or video surgery." Meaning, that when people want to make an expression for an animated movie they could just use a real person and track their movements and put them in the scene. Kids could learn from the facial software to help them understand different expressions made by other people so they know how to act in front of them in real life.

Let's say a student wants to ask their teacher a question but they just don't know what they want to ask, or they do know but don't know how to express their question. The FACS picks up their worried expression and gives it to the teacher. Now the teacher knows that the student is troubled and now finds different ways to help them out. Those are just some ways to help a child in need. I'm pretty sure that more scientist are coming up with more solutions to help students in the classroom. Most students are usually inable to ask the question they really need or are just too slow to get their question out before the teacher moves on. With FACS teachers are able to quickly catch on to what they just said and help the student out when they trully need it.

In conclusion I do belive that schools should get their hands on the Facial Action Coding Systems. For one, it help their teachers, two, it advances science, and three, it most importantly help the studensts in all that they need. Facial recognition is the kind of future that requires you to do minimal work. 