Seeking advice from multiple people can help you in many ways. If you seek advice from people, you can gain more knowledge and could learn new things! When you have trouble with something and you have no one to ask, then it would be hard for you to learn and understand. The more people you talk to,the more knowledge you gain and study. Seeking advice from multiple people can help you because you can learn, understand, and think of new ways to create.

If you talk to only one person, you won't get that much advice from them, however, when you talk to multiple people, you will most likely have more advice. Learning can help you a lot and you will need it in the future. Learning things like math, science, English, etc. could help you in getting jobs, and you might use it in your life. You can learn by going to school, or you could ask people around you. That is why I think taking peoples advice can help you learn a lot.

If you learn something new, you must always understand the topic so you can use that advice later on. Understanding makes you progress things in your mind, so you can understand more clearly. If you don't clearly understand what the topic is about, you could ask the teacher or your friends for help. Some people understand more than others, so you can always ask when you dont understand. There are a lot of ways you could understand, for example, listening to peoples advises, and write down notes so you can go back and read when you don't understand.

Taking advice from people can help you think of new ways. It could help by using their information and creating something new, like an invention. You can use math to find the longitude and latitude, or make treatments for the sick by using science. Everything that you learn can make new inventions in the future and could save a person's life. That is why learning new things and using it for ideas can be really helpful and good for people.

Taking advice from people can help people in many ways and could affect our future. Learning from multiple people can help you gain and understand more things that you might need help with. Every advice from a different person will not be the same because some people are smarter than others. If you have a question, or have trouble with something, learing more from people could help you in the present and in the future. And that is why taking advice from people can help you in many ways, and understand more clearly about the question you are having trouble on.                