Dear principle,

I am writing this letter to tell you that i am against this new policy of at least having a B average to participate in any kind of sports. the reasons why is because kids need to have their fun. You shouldn't make that policy because you don't know if the kid will change once he is in sports. Sometimes a kid that does a lot of trouble and gets into sports changes because they don't concentrate on doing trouble. I'm going to explain my reason why this policy your doing is a wrong choice.

My first reason was that kids should have fun. Why? because they get tired of school.

Sometimes the teacher get on their nerves so they get into a sport were they can be relax and have fun without teacher making you do a lot of work and having to yell at you for stupid reasons. Sometimes its hard for i kid to do good in school when its boring. They have to be doing an activity and some classes are not like that so they fail it.

Second reason was that you shouldn't make it because after kids go into a sport they start to change. If you don't give them a chance then you will not know if they have a chance to change at all. When i was in a sport my grades started to change i started to come to school every day and i would always say to my self " i better do good if not my cosh is going to find out and he is going to make me do a lot of running". That's why you should give them a chance.

Last reason was that kid don't concentrate in doing any trouble when their in any type of sport. All kid concentrate is on doing good in your classes so they cant get in trouble in their sport. If their not in a sport they end up doing bad not caring about school and they just go to school for a waist of time. Instead let them have sport so it can be the other way around.

So principle please let us have sports, don't make the policy its unfair to some kids cuase they have trouble learning. I just want to say that if you read this i hope you change your mind. I really want kids to be able to play sport with low grades      