Dear our state Senator,

I am writing to you for not only myself but for the citizens of our state. I do not agree with The Electoral College and I think that our way of voting for president should be based off of popular vote. I know our state and our country has been using electoral college as our way of voting for a very long time throughout our nations history. But Electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrrational. and i'll tell you whats wrong with the electoral college.

As you may know we do not directly vote for our president. we vote for our electors who will (hopefully) vote for the president we want. when the time comes for voting the state legislature are technically responsible for picking our electors. We the people are not always in control of who they vote for and the electors could always defy our will. We do not always control who they vote for. So is it really fair if we vote for an elector who doesnt even support us and our say in who we want to lead our country?

Another reason why i do not agree with the electoral college is for the smaller states. they do not have as much of a say in who runs our country like we do. luckily we are one of the biggest states along with california. but in smaller states they almost have no say at all. they dont even see campaigns because no one running for office pays attention to the smaller states. For instance, The campaign in 2000 seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all.

One of the biggest faults in the electoral college even though it is very unlikely but not impossible is a tie. As you already know if there was a tie the election would be thrown to the house of representatives,where state delegations vote on the president. because each state casts only one vote, the houses selections would hardly even show the will of the people. the people would barely have any say whatsoever. does that seem fair to you?

Those are the reasons why i and many other citizens do not agree with the elecotral college. its unfair to us , the people, and smaller states. America is known for being the country of freedom and choice, but if we the people barely have say in who runs our country, are we really elligble to be called that? thats why i think we should use popular vote as our way of electing our president.                                                                                                            