If your principal ever said that all the students in your school had to participate in one extracurricular activity, what would you think about that? I don't think students should have to participate in any extracurricular activities because students would want to relax and get more sleep, students could finish projects and homework, and students might be afraid to do extracurricular activities because they think that they could get hurt. There are a lot of reasons why I don't think students should have to participate in any extracurricular activities so I will explain all of them.

Students might want to catch up on sleep that they missed the night before or relax after a long day of school. This is because it would help students brains refresh or reboot by giving them a longer break. Some students also stay up too late working on long/short projects and homework that their teacher assigned so they don't get enough sleep that day. Because they don't get enough sleep, they become tired, which affects their moods during the school day and causes them to not only feel tired, but depressed and angry. Sleep really affects students ability to focus and finish their work on time but if they have to do an extracurricular activity after school, then that will make them more tired and will take away the extra time they get to catch up on sleep and relax.

Students could finish up unfinished classwork or work on extra homework and big/small projects. I get a lot of class work in each of my classes during the school day and I end up having an extra page of unfinished classwork to work on and when that all adds up from each of my classes it turns into homework. I can't imagine if I didn't have time after school to work on this but some students don't have time after school and all that homework adds onto projects that teachers hand out. If students have to do an extracurricular activity after school, then they won't have any time to hangout or spend time with friends.

Students could get hurt mentally or physically from extracurricular activities. If students wanted to be part of making the yearbook and they messed up on drawing a picture in it, they would be picked on or made fun of for their bad drawing. School bullies might even start to pick on you or physically hurt you. If you decided to do sports you could be made fun of for your size, if you're good or bad at that sport, or if you're weak. If you decided to do sports you could also physically hurt yourself like your leg, arm, hand, finger, ankle, etc.

I think overall students shouldn't have to do any type of extracurricular activity. It will take away the extra time they need to relax and catch up on sleep, the extra time they could use to finish unfinished classwork and homework, and limit the safety of their body and thoughts so they don't get any injuries or negative thoughts. I hope you agree with my decision about why we don't need extracurricular activities and the negative impacts they could have on us. 