In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author explains how driverless cars could be better for humans to arrive at their desinations but he also explains the negatives of the driverless car. Driverless cars is something everyone has wanted in their lifetime but it has never actually happened until now. Many car companies want to make driverless cars. Driverless cars could be more negative than postivie, because they could be more dangerous, they are useles, and gas prices may raise up very quickly.

Driverless cars could be more dangerous than safe for people to use. They sound like a better way to drive, but you still need to know how to drive in order to use this car. If the traffic is bad or there is road work, you need to drive manually. GM says they will have a drivers seat that viberates but what if the driver ends up falling asleep and the driver needs to drive but doesn't feel the vibration? The driver may end up in a car wreck and you may never know if the wreck could be serious one or just a minor one. Either way, the person got into a wreck. Many people still get in wrecks today but they won't depend on the car, it's all on them. The car may even slide while in a snow storm and if you drive on your own, you have a grater chance of preventing that.

Driverless cars can be very usless and a waste of money. Car companies will waste thousands, maybe even millions, of dollors just to make this car. Either way we will still need to learn how to drive. The car cannot drive everywhere. Like it stated in the article, we will still need to stay alert. After a while of just sitting there while the car drives on its own, it will get boring. You may even end up just driving like we do now. You will also need to drive in cartain cases since the car cannot drive through everything.

Since the driverless cars will have to use more energy, they will need more gas to run on. Gas prices have a grater chance of rising unexpectedly since the cars may need to run on a different fuel. If the cars do run on a different fuel, it could be harder to get than gas. Gas is already a bit expensive, just imagine if driverless cars do became a big thing? The fuel for driverless cars may be regualr gas that we have today or a different fuel, but either way there is a greater chance of fuel prices getting higher.

Having a driverless car is fun to think about having but not everyone will think about the negatives to it. They think they will arrive to their desination safe and sound without having to do anything since the car brought them. Not nessecarally. People will need to be alert and sometimes drive on their own. Having driverless cars could be dangerous, usless, and may make the gas prices raise. People will need to think twice about what they want in thier future. 