Many Students dread waking up extremely early every morning to go to school. Some schools have found an alternative for these students by offering distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it allows them to receive extra help, to learn in a comfortable environment, and to have more free time.

Attending classes online allows students to access help from online teachers and students more easily. By using online classes, students can ask the teacher as many questions as they need without being nervous of other students' opinions. Many students are anxious to raise their hands in school in fear of embarrassment. Younger generations feel very comfortable communicating with others online, so students could ask each other for help too. Video conferencing with teachers also allows one on one help. Teachers can spend more time with a student by giving them extra practice on a topic the student may struggle with. The method of face to face communication through video conferencing provides the same benefits as communicating with a teacher at school. This allows students to thoroughly understand subjects from home.

Learning in a comfortable environment is a major key in education. If students are in the comfort of their own home, whether its sitting on the couch or laying in bed, they are more likely to retain the information learned during class. They can even wake up and participate in classes while still in their pajamas. It is much easier to sit through lectures and participate in class while being comfortable instead of sitting in a sturdy, uncomfortable desk at school. Students do not have to worry about their appearance while using online school. This allows students to roll out of bed and participate in class without worrying about immediately brushing their teeth, taking a shower, or putting on presentable clothes. It also allows kids to participate in class even when they are sick. Learning from home gives students the ability to learn in an environment they feel safe and comfortable in to maximize their education experience.

Many students struggle to find time for extracurricular activities because of school. Online classes opens up more time for students to participate in extracurricular activities such as sports or clubs. Class schedules can be flexible to fit each student's own schedule. This will help balance their school and personal life and reduce stress. A current major issue many students face while in school is the lack of sleep they get. By attending classes from home, students can obtain extra needed sleep. Individuals will function and perform at their highest ability every day by getting the required amount of sleep. Every person is different, so attending classes at home can help students balance school and their own personal interests.

Distance learning allows a lot of benefits for students by taking classes at home. This allows them to obtain extra help, to learn in a safe and comfortable area, and to have more time for their own personal interests. Some students may prefer traditional schooling, however, it is clear that attending classes from home is the best path for many students.