Most people think using their phone while they are driving is smart, but it really isn't. When you use a phone and drive at the same time it's called distracted driving. Other people are doing the same thing an then you both aren't paying any attention and you both end up crashing.

Cell phone usage while driving isn't very safe at all. When you are using it, you aren't really paying attention to the road. It's a safety hazard with a lot of people driving and using their phone. In the united states alone, just fifteen years ago, there were only 4.3 million people that use cell phones. Today there are 224 million people that use them as of now. Your cell phone gets used everywhere you go such as the shopping and trying to find the item you need or even when you are making a list to go to the store to buy school supplies. People talk on their phones everyday while they drive or even around the house to keep in contact with others.

In several cases, drivers have been in a lot of accidents and it's been, because of their cell phone and people sue either you or your insurance company depending on the accident and what happens. People also have been held liable for the accidents involving their phone, because they were the one that wasn't paying attention and was distracted. Cells are convenient for people, but they don't know how to properly use them. Begin on your phone is so dangerous and people need to understand it's not really that important to be on your phone while you're driving unless something is really wrong then you need to pull over and find out what's going on.

In the united states they have a law called "hands free". When your being on your phone while your driving is a distraction that lead to fatal consequences. The consequences aren't normally very good, because when an accident happens and you were on your phone you can be sued very badly and you'll probably be in trouble and struggle with money. Its best if all drivers will stay off their phones while they drive. In the end of the day there are a lot of people dying in accidents, because of distracted drivers. So always pay attention to the road while you're driving and don't be on your phone.

In the end its always smart to not be on your phone while you drive. Use your phone when you at a complete stop or if it's safe to. If everyone would work on this the accident percentage wouldn't be so high in the united states.                  