Have you ever had some tell you that you have to play a sport or get involved with clubs or an activity? Would you agree or disagree to participate in any activity in school? I disagree because student might not like any of the options, have no time ,and want to just want to be with family.

My first reason, is that student might not not like any of the sport,clubs or activities that they are offering at school. Many student do not want to get vary involved with school to much. They just what to go to school to learn,get good grades and pass. Some students do not think they are good at sports or clubs. student just do not want to worried about the games the days they have to stay. There are other students that might like other actives out of school. Like riding bikes,or they might be more in valved with church. They might be in a youth group at church and can not be involved with other things cause it nigh get stressful to deal with two things. This is why some students would not want to get involved.

There for,some student do not have the time to join a team or do any clubs or activity. If a student has to join a sport or club after school. Some students would not be able to go or get picked up. The parents of the student might have to work long hours and every day of the weeks. There for, the students would not be able to get pickup after school. Which means that if the student would want to play a sport he would not be able to cause they have to work to proved for there families, which would make them not be able to show up for the games or clubs. some student might have to go home and take care of there little sisters or brother at home. They might even have to cook and clean up cause there parents are working or there are problem at home. there are so many things student have to do at home depending on there life style at home. There are also families that get home and have to help there mom out in the kitchen and clean up and get read for to go to church. There would be no time to join an active cause there would be no time to get piked up cause you might live far away from the school. This is why I disagree with making student join school activates.

My final reason is that student might just spend time with their families. Many student might get home and there is no one wanting for them at the door. both of their parents are working. They might not even see them at all or maybe only a couple of hours. But it is those horse that they get to see their family and get all together and have dinner talk to gather about how their day went and what they did. But in the other hand there are kid that only see their parents once cause they come from work very late and go to work very early and you have to go to sleep cause there is school the next day. It would be very dad to not even see your parents or talk to them or even give them a huge or say i love you. And your dont get to do though stuff cause you are at school doing sports or in a club.

This is why i disagree that student should have to participant in an activity. There are so many stuff that student might have to do out of school that makes them not be able to join a club,sport or any other activity that they offer in the school.              