A great man once said , " Let your child go at their own pace and you will learn that they know more than you anticipated." Scientist proved over 70% of students learn better when they have control over what they learn and how they learn it. Many schools require kids to complete projects over summer break so they can continue to obtain knowledge while on break. Many people believe that teachers should design their students projects because kids or teenagers would forget the lesson however, this is not true. Although some may disagree, students should be able to create their own projects.

There are a variety of reasons students should design their own projects, such as they will be more prideful in the work they accomplish. When students become more prideful in their work it encourages them to believe in their selves. When the students become prideful they obtain the knowledge better. Another reason is that students will learn to be creative. Most teachers do not understand there are many ways to teach a classroom of children. When following a teachers instruction for 10 months kids and teenagers tend to lose their creativity.

Following behind getting pride and being creative, in the work force many jobs require people to do their own projects. If students have to follow a teachers instructions they will learn to seek validation or piggy back off of someone else performance. With this experience students will learn to be confident in their work as long as they understand what they are doing. Also, if students are told how to do things all the time their brain wont develop as well as they are supposed to. In school kids are taught to think for their selves yet, they always have to follow a lesson plan and do as the teachers says otherwise it would be wrong. That does not help them learn from their mistakes nor let them express what they know.

In conclusion, students should form and structure their own projects so they have a better understanding. Many children learn differently and this could be expressed in their work. In these years of adolescence there is a lot of things that impacts them. If they have no confidence in their work they will feel ashamed of anything they do. If they arent creative they wont learn how to express themselves in their writing form or in any form of that matter. If they stick to one way of learning theyll be stuck in the mindset that they are dumb if they dont get it one way. Although many may feel that summer projects should be formed by teachers so they could have better instruction, this is not true. Ultimately, schools should let their kids design their own projects and et them do it with pride. Many will be amazed by the accuracy, connection, and brain power kids and teenagers have within them.        