Dear Principal,

I understand that you are not very pleased with some of our grades and I know you probably would want us to try harder and to do better, but taking our extra activities is not going to help.

Taking our activities away could even make things worse, it could trigger some students to do even worser because of the fact they have nothing in return. For example, if students have sports or any other extra activity, then they have a reason to have a good grade. I know that most likely you want to take this decision because you want to punish some of us, and that is reasonable but instead of at least having a B average why cant you make that a C average?

In my opinion, i think you should let the students at least have a C average because it can be like a warning to them saying that not only will they be not eligible for sports but that they are also at risk of failing. Some students can't be expected to have straight A' s and B' s because some students may not be good at a specific subject. They could just be having trouble and they really want a another chance. That's why instead of not letting them join other activities you should just provide tutoring for these kids.

Tutoring would be a great help for the students that are at risk of not being eligible for activities. Not only would tutoring give them the chance of being in activities but it would also help them in actually catching up on there work. It would actually bring their grade up and maybe make the subject easier for the student.

Sports, band, choir, and all the other activities is the only thing that kids probably look forward to at school. Don't take this away from them, give them another chance and your help. Sometimes students need a break from all the school work and they rely on all these extra activities and it really shouldn't be taken away from them.

I as a student have straight A' s and B' s and even thought this is not a problem with me I know that if I was one of those students, I would hate to have band and sports taken away from me. I love band, I have been in band for almost 4 years now and I do not want this ever taken away from me. I'm sure I am not the only person that thinks this way, so take it to second thought. Think of the agony you would put these students through. Please Principal, do not do this to us. Its the only thing we have.

Sincerely,

one of the students.      