Most schools have a after school activity system where students may stay after school and do stuff like play sports, talk with teachers, play with friends, etc. These after school clubs are great and are a good way to escape the thought of school and just have fun with friends. Although, after school activities are great, schools should not take advantage over them. Sadly some schools do, and they force all students to do at least on activity. Being forced to do at least one after school activity is awful because some students may not want to go, can cut into free time, and can cause a bad mood throughout the day.

One reason that forcing students to participate in after school activities is awful is that some students just dont want to go. Students don't want to go because they get bored, too tired, or want to be left alone and just breathe. Boredom has a big effect on students attitude, and if they are bored they will end up angry, sad or in a negative mood. Some students may not want to go because they're super tired and need to get home to sleep. Without enough rest these students may be tired throughout the next day which leads to them getting bad grades. Another reason for not wanting to go is if they just want to be left alone and just think about stuff in silence and some people just need to take a brain break for a while so they're able to do their homework or other stuff easily.

Another reason that forcing students to participate in after school activities is awful is that it cuts into free time. Children actually have a life outside of school and play other sports on actual teams or hang out with friends and do other stuff. In result, students will lose that time to do that stuff and will be stuck at school doing something they don't want to do. While they're at school they could be with their family or with their sport teams. Most people have a great relationship with their family and being forced to stay after school which leads to less time at home and that means less time with family. A lot of kids like to play outside or play video games and theres not enough time for them to do what they want because they have to spend the whole night with homework because they get home so late.

The last reason to forcing students to participate in after school activities is awful is that it causes students to have a bad mood throughout the day. Students in the morning may look ahead and remember that they have to stay after school and that little thought can change their mood and make them furious about the rule. If students have a bad mood going into the the after school clubs then they won't try anything new which leads to them not having fun and putting them into a worse mood. When people are in bad moods they tend to get mad easier like when they get in an argument they may overreact.

Being forced to do after school activities is awful because of all those reasons and makes no sense. Schools that force their students to do after school activities should stop forcing it upon their students and make it optional. With all the reasons can cause one giant problem that leads to being bored more often, less rest and sleep, worse grades, and being a more negative person. With that comes consequences like less confidence and more negative stuff.