Dear State Senator,

I'm aware that there are two ways of electing the president of the United States. According to Source 1 "What is the Electoral College?", the Electoral College is a process where electors get elected to vote for President and Vice President. The other option is popular vote. Popular vote is when the people vote, and which ever Candidate gets the most votes wins the election. I personally feel that you should not keep the Electoral College. In my opinion, election by popular vote is a better strategy of electing the President and Vice President of the United States. Electoral College is a horrible strategy, because voters are not actually voting for the President, they are voting for a slate of electors. There are other reasons why I believe that popular vote is a more accurate way of electing the President and Vice President of the United States.

Under the Electoral College system, voters don't actually get to vote for the President, and Vice President. According to Source 2 "What's wrong with the electoral college?", the voters vote for a slate of electors who will elect the President. It's possible that the voters may not even know much about the electors that will be electing the President. The electors can be anyone, it depends on what state you are in. According to Source 2 "What's wrong with the electoral college?", sometimes the electors may be elected by state conventions, the state party's central committee, or the presidential candidates themselves. Voters can't even control who their electors vote for sometimes. What if voters choose an elector, and the elector doesn't even vote for the President that the voter was hoping they will vote for? That seems unfair to me, because during this process, there's a chance that the voter may not even get to actually vote for the candidate that they wanted to vote for.

This is why I feel that popular vote is more accurate. Voters get to vote for the candidate that they want to win to be the President, and know that their vote will count. They don't have to worry about electing an elector that can possibly vote for a different candidate. So, may you please consider removing the Electoral College, and replacing it with popular vote?. I'm sure it will make many voters happy that their vote will actually count, and that they will not have to vote for an elector.            