Generic_Name

Mr. Generic_Name

English 8 Honors

March 11, 2020

Seeking Multiple Opinions on a Problem

Have you ever had a problem where you sought advise from someone else? When people have a problem often times they will ask multiple people to help them make the best choice. Asking multiple people about a problem allows you to hear multiple perspectives, since different people have had different life experiences. Usually when you are involved in a difficult situation your judgment might be clouded, asking someone outside of the issue gives you an unbiased answer. The people close to you have your best interests at heart, so when you ask them for help they are going to offer good advise. Everyone gets into situations where they do not know what to do, so when they get into those situations, they should ask the advise from multiple people around them.

Different people have been through many different things, so when you ask multiple people for advise they can offer different views and opinions. A new outlook on a problem might be just what you need to figure out the answer. For example, if you were trying to decide whether or not to get a pet, asking someone who has pets or works with animals, would give different advise and opinions than someone who doesn't like animals. Multiple opinions give us multiple ways to look at a problem, giving us multiple ways to solve that problem. Asking the opinions of multiple people, who have different things to offer, lets you look at a situation in a new way.

If you are involved in a problem that means a lot to you, the stress and intensity of the issue can cloud your judgment. Trying to solve a problem when you can't think straight sets you up for making a poor choice, that's why you should ask people who are not involved. People who aren't involved with the problem you are dealing with can offer opinions that you could not think of before. When couples are having a hard time and can't work it out, they sometimes go to a couples therapist, the therapist can offer them help and advise the couple couldn't have found on their own. Being part of a fight or arguments can make people want to act without thinking, that is why asking the opinions of people who are not involved can give you an unbiased opinion.

Your friends and family want you to be happy, because they have your best interests at heart. The people you surround yourself with care about you and want you to make good choices. When you ask loved ones their advise you know their response is genuine, and it's what they think will help you be the pest person possible. If you are having a hard time or just need help with something, family and friends will be there to give you advise that a stranger could never offer, because your loved ones know you. Asking family and friends their opinion on a problem will allow you to make the best choice, because the people you choose to surround yourself with only want you to be happy.

Everyone gets into problems or situations they can't face on their own, that's why asking for advise from others will give you the tools needed to make the best possible choice. Asking the advice of multiple people makes it possible for you to get the perspectives of multiple people, and those perspectives will all come with their own advise to help you. Being a part of something that matters you can make you act rash or make decisions you would always make, that's why you should ask people who are unbiased, because they will give opinions that are genuine. The people around you, who care about you, will always give you advise and opinions to help you because they know and care about you. Asking for opinions from others is something everyone does, it helps us make more informed decisions and choices about our lives.