During the summer, students get do to do as they please so it would only be fair for the students to design their own project. Students should be able to design their own summer projects for a number of reasons. By doing so, us as the students will be able to express our own creativity. It would give us more motivation to get it done, as well as how the teachers knowing what the kids are feeling.

Students would be able to express their own creativity by doing whatever they want for the project. As a student myself, I always get really excited when teachers let the kids pick what they want to do for projects because it is like a sense of freedom and a sign of maturity. When I was little, one of my teachers gave us a project where we had to give a presentation about what our favorite animal was. It felt great that we didnt have to to a presentation about a animal that the teacher would give us because what if it wasnt our favorite animal? Why should we have to do a project about a animal that we arent interested in? But by the teacher letting us chose, I was able to have fun doing the project and I got an outstanding grade on it.

Next. A student designed project will also make kids want to do it. Nobody wants to do a boring project that is going to take forever over summer break. If the students got to decide on what to do, we would have way more fun with it because it will make us want to do it, and also because it lets us express ourselves. Although it would be nice for the students to pick the project, there are also downsides. One of the downsides will be that not everyone will do the project because they either dont know what to do for the project or they are just lazy. Also during the summer people are traveling a lot so some kids cant complete the project, weather its because they just dont want to or they cant because of their location.

Lastly giving us the option to do this will make the students learning more fun. It would make it more fun because the teachers are giving the students a opportunity to speak themselves and giving us a voice. If all we did was do what the teachers wanted us to do, it wouldnt be fair because we are doing stuff that they think is good for us when the good thing really is when the students get to pick projects. Not only is letting us pick the projects good for us, but it is also a learning experience for the teachers as well. I say that because if we pick the projects, the teacher is going to learn how kids/teenagers think, and will start changing things up so that we can all express different things in the classroom.

Overall, If we let the kids chose projects over the summer it will be a learning experience for everyone. The teachers will really get to know how the students are really feeling, and they can take that information and try to teach the kids in a different way during the school year. And it will be good for the students because we are also learning about ourselves as a person. Teenagers are really complicated because they have so many emotions and you just cant tell how we are feeling all the time. But I am positive that if we got to design our own project, it would make us feel more like adults and treated with respect.