Bang! That was the sound of a drunk driver just hitting your car. Did you do anything wrong? No, but this guy did because he was under the influence while driving. So many people every year are killed in car accidents. Not only drunk driving but just driving mistakes by people. Do no let yourself feel guilty and miserable for the rest of your life because of one mistake you made. If you had a driverless car there are no mistakes to be made!

Driverless cars are the way to go. There are so many fantastic reasons why driverless cars are good, but I will just tell you the main points. For one of the most important features of all, SAFETY. Safety while driving is a huge concern in our society today. With people driving drunk or sedated or maybe people just make a driving mistake. Sure it happens but do you want that kind of guilt for the rest of your life? With this safety come a lot of things. One being your parents assurance. They no if you have a driverless car that you will be just fine because of the features it has. This puts less stress on them which is ALWAYS a good thing.

Less stress is always a good thing. Whether it is for your parents or if its for you. With the driverless car you can minimize your stress. One simple way is to get caught up on what you need to do while it is driving. Did not get enough sleep last night and are stressed you may have a bad day at school? Then take a nap on the way there and let the car do the driving. Maybe you forogt to do your homework or did not study for a test. With a driverless car it is very simple, you can get more stuff done!

You will always be able to get your stuff done with a driverless car. Lets say you had a rushed morning and could not get your daily breakfast in. Do not risk an accident by trying to eat and drive at the same time. Be a smart individual and have your car drive while you eat. You may also talk on the phone while your car is driving. You forgot to wish your sweet old grandma a happy birthday and are already in the car. With a driverless car it would be perfectly fine to call your grandma while the car is driving itself. One more reason is to enjoy the scenery. You may go on vacation and are driving through the Rocky Mountains. Why miss the great view and once in a lifetime experience? Have your driverless car drive while you soak up that view.

Driverless cars will be a lifetime experience. They will also save you money. I say this because they will not make mistakes like the average person. How many speeding tickets or objects have you backed into? The driverless car will not speed or make traffic mistakes. This being said means that there will be more money in your pocket.

With a driverless car mistakes will not be made. These low occurence of mistakes will not only save you money, but make the world we live in a safer place. Less percentage of wrecks would be a main statistic on why you should get a driverless car. Having a car that drives itself will prevent drunk driving and many traffic mistakes. Do not feel guilty for the rest of your life because of a common mistake or a bad decision. Go and purchase a driverless car and make the world a better place.