Should summer projects be designed by teachers or students? Well, it would make sense for teachers to make these summer projects to prepare students for their upcoming school year. Teachers designing the project allows for students to maybe remember some subjects they may have forgotten and it shows the students what they need to know for the beginning of the year and allows for them to teach themselves. Some people may say otherwise that student designed projects could be equally as helpful and less time consuming and allow students to be responsible for the time they spend on their work, I can prove otherwise, that projects designed by teachers are more helpful in the long run than student designed projects through examples of my Brother, friends and a personal experience.

The first example is my brother, who went to school and towards the end, he was ready for school to be over. Once it was over he started to forget things that he's learned after not using it for anything over summer and so he used to have summer projects from his teachers, although he never felt like doing these projects, it would always help prepare him for the upcoming school year and strengthened up some of the areas that became weak overtime. Since then, when school started he was already ahead of some of the other kids in his class allowing him to have a easier time throughout the beginning of the year. Some may argue that student based projects can allow students to work at their own pace but do the same thing as if it was teacher based. However, If these summer projects were student-based it would really never get done because students like to spend their free time having fun and so students would procrastinate and never work on it till last minute in which wouldn't help them learn anything.

Another example is my friends, who aren't big on working over the summer because they don't want to waste their free time before school starts. Usually, they spend their summer going to the mall, skate park, the pool and each others houses. However, once the school released a summer project from one of their teachers, they knew they had to buckle down and do it to get out of the way so they can have the rest of their summer instead of procrastinating and being behind everyone else when school started and not having much time to spend the rest of their summer. Some people may argue that student-based projects can be self managed and allow students to be responsible to buckle down to complete it too. Although, student based projects allow students to be responsible for doing it or not, the students who aren't responsible wouldn't put these projects as a priority to them and slack off and instead do what they want instead of trying to learn things that would benefit them throughout the school year, while teacher-based projects would make students buckle down and give them a deadline to turn these projects in when school starts making it a priority to work on for every student.

The final example is my own personal experience, I once had a student-based project for English where I had to read 3 books for English but it had to be books of my own choice and I could choose whatever books I wanted to read for the summer project and write what books I had to read down on paper. That was the whole project, and since I had a choice and could read whatever I want, I procrastinated because I didn't like reading and personally didn't want to waste my time doing something I wasn't interested in instead of doing what everyone wants to do during summer which was have fun. So, since I was able to choose my own books I chose books that I thought were interesting and easy and turned out these books were under my reading level and just wrote those books down and continued my summer. The books being under my reading level didn't help me in the long run because once school started we were reading books that looked ten times bigger and longer than what I was used to which applied more stress to me and made it harder to read these bigger books and also affected my vocabulary. Some may argue that student-based projects allow the teachers to not have to take responsibility for whether students learned anything or not because it also could provide practice in a life skill that is self-teaching which could be helpful in college etc. However, if teachers aren't held responsible for these projects, some students wouldn't be able to learn much compared to those who actually did the project during the summer, making the students who didn't try or challenge themselves fall more and more behind everyone else ultimately hurting their success within the school year.

It is important that students are given teacher-based projects to allow students to be taught or re-taught and make sure that students actually take the time to do these projects to make their lives easier. In the past there probably weren't a lot of teacher-projects in which made the students upcoming school year probably a lot harder than it should've been. In the future students who have had teacher-based projects could have a better chance at success in later life and can provide skills that can benefit them in later life. If teachers weren't giving out projects that they outlined and allowing students to make-up their own, the world would probably have a lot less successful people who are educated and self-sufficient, and hard working. In conclusion, teacher-based projects are more helpful and can change the intellectual level that children can have and can provide less stress for children and allow them to absorb more of what they're learning through out the school year.                 