It was September 26th, 2031. A couple by the names of Generic_Name and Generic_Name were driving in a neighborhood looking to buy a house. It was their first house and didn't really know what they were doing. They looked at many houses and had no idea which one would be best for them. After many hours of thinking they decided to ask friends and family for advice and picked an amazing house. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because, they can get more information, they can see what others think, and they can get experience.

Asking people for their opinions can inform someone about things they might not have known before. Firstly, they could learn the pro's and con's about the topic. Secondly they cold learn what and what not to do. Lastly they could learn how to do something new that they have never done before. Learning more about a topic can help people make more informed decisions.

When asking others for opinions they could see what other people think about the topic. First, they could see if other people would do it. Second, they could see whether it is a good idea or a bad one. For example, when buying a house it is good to know about mortgages because some are good and some are bad. Lastly they could see if it is even possible to do whatever they are trying to do. Being able to see what other people would do can help someone make a final decision.

My final reason why asking for others opinions can help is that it can give someone experience. People that have done it before know how to do it therefor can do it again. If someone ask them for advice they can tell them what they did or how they did it. Lastly, they themselves could get better at what ever they are doing. People that have experience can not only help themselves better but they can also help others to.

Just to summarize it all up for someone, here it is. Firstly, people can get more information about a topic. Secondly, People can see what others think about it. Last but certainly not least, it helps people gain experience they might never have gained. In conclusion, asking for multiple peoples opinions is important and really beneficial. 