Say you don't know what to make for dinner, or you're having trouble making a difficult decision. You're probably going to ask someone's advice. Now when asking advice, we don't usually ask just one person do we? No! We ask 2 or 3 different people. Friends, family members, and even neighbors.

It's helpful to get a second opinion on some things, because everybody has different experience than others, everybody knows you differently, and different people have different opinions.

Everybody has different experience with different things. For instance, if you are writing an essay, you could ask your parents advice on how to start, and what to write about etc. They wrote a ton of essays back when they were your age but the writing curriculum was different. Then you could ask your English teacher as well. He/She has plenty of experience in the field of writing, and can give you their thoughts on the subject, with an up to date curriculum. After that, you can take both groups advice, and use what you like best to write a better essay than you would've if you had just asked one of them.

You are a different person to all of the people you know. To your friends, you're someone to joke around with. To your teachers you're a student. To your parents, you're a huge pain in the butt. But if everybody knows you differently, then you will get different advice from different people. For example, asking someone what to wear to a party. Some of your friends would say: "Oh dress comfortably I know you like to wear clothes that are comfortable!" and other friends would say "Dude we know you like to be all 80s retro and stuff dude, dress like that!" and your parents might say "Dress correctly and appropriately as if you were going to school, or an interview." They all know you differently and can give you different advice that can help you make a good decision.

We all get in arguments with other people. Why? Because we all have different opinions! We cant all always agree on the same decision every single time! Like if you ask your mom what she thinks you should get for your girlfriend, she'll probably tell you something like a bouquet of flowers or candy. But if you ask your dad, he might tell you to get them something like a necklace or bracelet. You will get different ideas from everyone but sometimes having more options is a good thing.

Thats why seeking multiple opinions can help you make a better decision. Different people have different experience, everybody knows you as a different person, and everybody has a different opinion on matters. So next time you're troubled on what to do in a difficult situation, or you're stuck in a writers block of some sort, remember, ask advice from a few people. It might help you make a better decision.