"The Search For Venus"

Venus is know as a planet, sometimes called the "Evening Star". It's even called the earths twin because both Earth and Venus have the closest terms of density and size. even sometimes closests in distance, but scientist have to realise the danders of Venus, "its proven a very challenging place to examine more closely" reasons why is because due to the thick atmosphere of 97 percent which is carbon dioxide that blankets Venus.

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), is planning to send humans to study Venus and learn more about it.

There soultion for them to be able to do this is that due to the hostile conditions of the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray, example like they said "imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the landscape." which what they would be doing if they were to float above it. The only bad thing about what they are trying to do, is the dangerous conditions.

Its far more extreme than what any human has encountered on Earth. Reasons why is because Venus has clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in it's atmosphere. It's temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmosphere pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet.

It would be best for scientists to study more on the planet of Venus and on how the atmosphere works, and how we can adapt to it'senviorment if we can even adapt to it with out anything bad happening. Which we do have the technology to do all this, but it will take time to make sure everything should be how it should be so that things are capable of the planets atmosphere, like a rocket ship that could be launched to Venus.

Like for example if NASA just built a rocket ship and launched it to Venus without knowing the outcome it could end bad. Reasoning to this because they might not have knew the temperature of the planet, or maybe not even know what the atmosphere is capable of doing to the ship or the humans if they were to go on a mission. It took years to study Mars, and NASA is still finding stuff out about Mars to this day.

They said "just exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin." What they are saying is that if we do not study Venus enough a mission could go really bad which will no be good nor NASA. Due to what we didn't know about the planet. Just sending out a ship to Venus with out not knowing what can happen would never be a good idea, better safe than sorry.

The author is right about his ideas that studying Venus would be a worthy pursuit despite what could happen, because they can take the time to study more and more and figure what the planet is like, no matter how long it might take to reach the planet and get to get up closer to the planet wihtout anything going wrong.

Not every planet is the same, and why isbecause how the solar system works. Like Mercury its closest to the sun and the planet is not capable of having life living on it due to how hot it is. So it's a good idea for scientists to study the plants before just making a mission to Venus.         