This idea on making cars that drive on there own its sounds pretty cool but the money put into and the accidents that come from it are waiting this would be the worst mistake in history. Any car itself is very dangerous to be in while driving because of maybe your driving skils or other peoples driving skills. The time and effort put into this experiment will be hard and confusing but it would be a big waste of time for the makers of the car and the manufacturers on the company. People and companies say this would be a good investment and the best choice ever but if everything turns out bad your company is going straight down the drain.

There are many reasons this is a horrible idea and a big waste of time and money. This would be very dangerous for the drivers and other drivers on the road anything could happen in a matter of seconds anf you could take someones life or even your own life. Manufacturers say this will be a great acheievment i agree but the chances of this coming out as a positive invention is beyond me. Its dangerous enough on the roads with cars but by making cars driverless is beyond dangerous it will cause so many distractions and so many deaths.

The cost of making these cars and testing them will cost so much money and if the cars dont work and experiments with them dont work it will be drastic. Alot of people will be paying for these experiments with there taxes ands thats not fair for people that work hard for there money to just through it away on the invention. This would also be a big problem in are money and state money because if it doesnt work and they wasted all that money are state could possible become in debt. All this money put into will be a waste and companys will probably be shut down and that will be the end of it for them.

The risks that we are taking are really risky there are so many things that can go wrong and that will cost you and other peoples lifes. Its dangerous enough with drunk drivers and children walking on roads but if the driverless cars get invented this will cause so many accidents and possible alot of deaths. The accidents could be caused by anything messing up in the car sensors or the brakes. The brakes or sensors could stop working or jam up and drivers wouldnt even know if there sleeping that would be it for them and also if people or other drivers are around that could possible end there life just for cars that can drive by there selfs.

All this driverless car stuff is a big mistake and could be a problem in are state in so many ways. It will possible cost lifes and companys to be shut down and become in debt. All this oh it works we tested it a thousand times it dont matter anything could happen and any point and these mistakes at any point will be horrible and the end for alot of people. This invention in all will be dumb and stupid and the money and risks were taking on this is risky.