Modern day life has been taken over by new and developing technology for over two centuries. With this comes more inovative and productive ways to go about everyday life. To put it in perspective, educational material is traditionally taught in a class room setting, however with limelight technology humans are able to take it into the comfort of their own bed. This alternative era of education has sky-rocketed online education, but is it better than the classroom. Although some may believe other wise, limtation on social skills, getting side tracked, and learning inccorectly proves students wouldn't benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

First and foremost, online education can impact future social skills. Getting an education online limits the number of interactions with others than compared to a students who goes to public school. On the other hand many would say this is a great option for someone who is anti-social, however this will not help with their future endevours. Online courses do give you the opportunity to work with other students, but a monitor blocks a future relationship that could have been built with others. In a classroom setting it is easier to build relationships which could possibly benefit you in the future. It is always said that connections are what get a person far in life and online classes could be the ultimate limitation from a boost in ones career.

Additionally, getting side tracked is easier in online classes than in the classroom. While taking an online class it is extremely difficult to not get your focus taken about by other things occurring around you. In a classroom you are consistently being supervised by an adult making it easier to stay focused on classwork. Personally I have taken a few online courses and I find it difficult to meet deadlines for assignments and finals because the teachers don't push you to better yourself. The teachers will tell you when the final is and that is all they will do. Online classes shouldn't be taken by someone who finds time managment to be difficult. This can then bleed into not giving your all in classwork and eventually not learning material in the best way possible for yourself.

Moreover, online classes can lead to being taught material incorrectly. It isn't clearly understood by most that online classes are prodominently self-taught and that can be consequental. Many students need to be instructed on how something is done in order to learn new material presented to them. By not understanding your personal learning style, it is possible to unintentionally set yourself up for failure. On the contrary, there are people who are able to learn better on their own, but personal experiences have proven the class room setting is more beneficial for young students due to their maturity.

To conclude, being able to attend classes from home wouldn't help students due to the possibility of learning incorrect information, being able to get side tracked easily, and causing a disruption in their social skills. This will not be benefitcial to their future and there aren't many pros to this alternative.        