The president has been chosen by the Electoral college for a long time. The electoral college is a process not a place. It is a compromise between the election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. According to the office of the federal register, "The electoral college consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president." Every four years the presidential election is held. It is held on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. We help choose our state's electors when we vote for president. According to the office of the federal register, "When you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidates electors."

The Election by popular vote is when the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. The Senate would choose the vice president. According to Bradford Plumer, "Because each state casts only one vote, the single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives form California, who represents 35 million voters." Given that many voters vote one party for president and another for congress, the House's selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people. Bradford says that, "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters." Because of the winner-take-all system in each state candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning.

We should change to election by popular vote. Why? Because it's much better than the electoral college. The Electoral college is unfair to voters. In Election by popular vote it's fair to the voters. Just like Bradford said, "Wyoming representing 500,000 voters has just as much say as California with 55 representatives which is 35 million voters." According to Bradford Plumer,"In 2000 seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all." That includes Rhode island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad. It's true, It's official the Electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. This is why we need to change to the election by popualr vote.

All in all not a lot of people like the Electoral college system anymore, including myself. We understand how it works and why we use that system. It's just unfair to all the voters. We need to change to a new fair way to elect the president. Let's change to the Election by popualr vote and make things fair. Let's make people want to vote and know that it's going to be a fair election and that no state will be above another. They should all be equal!    