All this talk about the new 2015 Ford trucks and how great their mileage is fine, we built cars, truck, and vans, and now we want to make the better for the enviormet. But a town in Germany named Vauban has given up their cars. Vauban's streets are "car-free" - except the main thorughfare, where the tram to downtown Freibug runs, and a few streets on the edge of the community. America has been making some changes to the modern day car suck as hybrid and energy efficent. "All of the development since WWII has been centered on the car, and that will havet o change" said David Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg also added " How much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid.

Paris has had some pollution problems, because of this tey enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. People that owned cars would be on a rotation. Even number license plates would drive on day and not the next, same when for the odd number plates. It took almost 5 days to life the smog. A good reason why are not so good to the envoirment no matter how we change them. Did you know Beijing, China is one of the most polluted cities in the world.

Heres a great story writen by Andrew Selsky. Bogota, Columbia- In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hikes, biked, skates, or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. That was the third striaght year that Columbia had a car-free day. So many citys are starting to have a car-free day just to cut back on pollution, i think that is amazing, i wonder of we can get Florida to do somwthing like this one day.

The End of Car Culture. Studies have shown that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses each year. Transportation is the second largest source of American's emissions, just behind the power plant. New York has a new bike sharing program that has skyrocketed in the last few months.

There are just little things we can do to helo the enviorment, like not driving a car for a day or buy a new hybrid to cut down pollution, Or maybe you have an idea small things can change our world for the better. We can start small then work from there, it doesnt have to be big to affect out planet.    