"Under the electoral college system, voters vote not foor prsident, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president," says Bradford Plumer in Source 2.  If the citizens of the United States aren't voting for President then why do they vote?  The Electoral College system should be change to an election by popular vote for the president of the United States.  Other people, for instince Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all agreed on abolishing the electoral college.  Having an election without the electoral college, where popular vote is used would make voting fair and the people's voice heard.

A popular vote system would be more fair then having other people, who use favoritism, choose a president for you.  Plumer also said ". . . according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters prefer a direct election to the kind we have now."  That's just one example of the popular vote losing presidency because of the electoral college.  They should change the system so the is a tie in votes from the U.S. citizens, then the Electoral College should come into use.  It would make the system fair and a majority of citizens would not be upset.  Having no electoral college would also make more people vote too.  Some people do vote  because they feel like there is no reason to when they have no say in who gets elected.  If they heard that the elections for now on were based on popularity, they might even be the first in line.

Since the electoral college is deciding who is president, they might select an awful president that will make the U.S. the worse country in the world.  The popular vote would have been for the other guy.  The govenment would finally learn the hard way when the country is in ruins and would change election for the future to a popular vote election. Soon citizens are just going to stop voting because they are highly upset that the popular vote keeps losing because of the Electoral College.  People are going to start hating the government for not changing the voting system.  In the future there could be lots of riots and protests against the government.  Then the United States would be a terrifying place to live because of the citizen killing and police killings. No one would ever want to live here anymore.                    