One uses a car to go to the store, pick someone up, or even to go shopping, but what if people had no cars? Not having a car would have advantages.

To start with, not having a car helps the enviroment. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gass emissions in Europe ... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in th eUnited Stated." (In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars, parragraph 5). Without cars the air will become cleaner and people won't have all the polution in the air. Our air will get better if we start not having cars.

Also, another advantage is that people will get healthier. No polution gives people healthier air and with no cars people will have to walk everywhere or bike. "Vauban, home to 5,500 residents within a rectangular swuare mile, may be the most advanced experiment in low-car suburban life. But its basic precepts are bing adopted around the world in attempts to make the suburbs more compact and more accessible to the public transportation, with less space for parking. In this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway." (In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars, parragraph 6). Ones destination will be a walk away not miles. People will just walk, bike, and if their destination is far away one will take public transportaion. One will become more active without cars.

Finally, driving is comming to an end. "President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the Untied States' greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get a fortutious assist from an incipient shift in American behavior: recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." (The end of car culture, paragraph 29). Gas cost more, people are getting hurt while texting and driving, and some people just don't know how to drive. People seem to be getting over cars. This could help the enviroment. Driving just isn't a priority.

In conclusion, having no more cars would benifit people. The enviroment will be better and people are getting over cars anyways. Why drive a car that harms the air, when one could simpily walk or ride a bike making one healthier too? Not having cars would help.    