In some cases, just because it is summer break does not mean that students stop learning. Some schools require students to complete a project during their break from school. There has also been discussions about if the projects should be designed by the teachers or students. Having students come up with and design their own projects is a way for them to use their creativity and help them practice time management.

Student-designed projects allow the student to be as creative as they would like. Multiple students have claimed that assignments and projects led by their teachers tend to be boring and bland, letting students have control over their own work could make it more interesting and have them eager to complete the assignment. There is also the conflict of if a student plans to take a vacation during the summer, which could make it difficult for them to complete the project that was assigned, but if they had the freedom to choose then they should be able to complete it based on where they are. Having student-designed projects could be beneficial to teachers as well. The different projects could show teachers what students are interested in, what skills each student possesses, and the different levels of skills each students has.

A skill that everyone should strive to perfect is time management. Coming from multiple students and myself, lots of students tend to procrastinate on classroom assignments and wait to finish them at the last minute, but allowing students to work on something they are interested in would make them more eager to work on the assignment and have it complete before the deadline. Whether on a vacation or staying at home, student designed projects would allow them to choose what would work out for them and their schedule.

All in all, there are both pros and cons to student-designed projects. Some may argue that teacher-designed projects are easier for students because it will be assigned with instructions on how to complete it, which is a valid point, but just because it may be easier does not mean that students will be interested or eager to complete it. Student- designed projects allow students to be creative and work on time management skills while giving them freedom and opportunity to make their own decisions, like in the real world.