Imagine learning from the comforts of your own home. Well, some schools actually offer online classes which is a great idea. The benefits of being able to attend classes from home is that there would be less bullying, more engaged students, and less stress.

Online classes would result in less bullying because you would not have as much time to congregate. Usually, at school children are bullied for the type of shoes they have on their feet. All you would see is their shirt through a laptop screen. Many of the side conversations would be limited because you would have to focus in order not to miss any information.

Also, their would be no physical contact, so the people who enjoy pushing and shoving others would have to keep their hands to themselves. Being at home would probably feel more like a no bully zone.

There would be more engaged students because many people in society love technology. Technology causes you to have more interactive assignments because you could do many things. For example, assign games, virtual labs, make 3d objects, and more. Everyday kids complain about having to do work on paper because it gets lost quicker or its destroying the trees. They feel as though technology is more efficient because you have a less chance to lose something that you spend most of your time on. People would be more organized and be able to keep a track of due dates.

A lot of people become stressed just entering the school building. Multiple students have social anxiety and fear walking pass a whole bunch of students at school. Also, having to speak in front of the class and having all eyes gazing at you. Another thing is having to adjust to a schedule and switch classes. For instance, trying to get around between classes in a crowded hallway is difficult and having to do it in a timely manner. Online classes decrease some of these challenges.

Being able to attend online classes is highly beneficial because their would be limited amount of bullying, more enthusiastic students, and a decrease amount of stress. Some may say online classes is not such a good idea because some people do not have internet or any technology. Most likely schools give you the materials needed to take online classes. People enjoy being comfortable so online school would put smiles on students faces.                                                                                                                                         