When people ask for advice I think that they ask more than one person to hear all the different advice that they can.

I guess that it might be a good idea to ask multiple people because you will hear a lot of different ideas just ask people that you know good dont just go out somewhere and ask random people because they probably wont care or just give you bad advice. So when you need advice from multiple people just ask your family or ask your good friends because im sure that they will help you. Getting advice from different people can be good because they can give you really good advice and really help you if you need it and they can all help you. If you need good advice you should probably talk to more than one person because it could help you make a better choice than what you are thinking of. When girls get advice im sure that they probably ask all their friends so thats what i meant by that a lot people ask a lot of different people for advice. Im sure that everyday somebody different is asking a lot of thier friends or their family for advice because everybody in this world at some point asks their friends or family for advice because they want to hear different peoples opinions and not just their own opinions. People ask for advice on multiple different things such as buying a car or buying a house there are a billion different things that you can ask for advice on so it is probably a good and healthy idea to ask other people for their opinion because you dont have to do what they say but you can take their good ideas and think about them and then mix them together and just think until you have a good idea.

Sometimes when your not sure about something just ask for advice because it doesnt cost anything it is easy and it is sometimes helpful to most people im sure. So anytime you need advice dont be scared because who you ask may have some really good advice that they can give you and then your problem is solved so dont ever be scared to ask someone for advice. When you ask someone for advice it can help you make a better choice so always ask for advice because it can help you.  