Have you ever asked for advice? I ask for advice when I don't understand something or when I need help. When I need advice I ask multiple people so I can get everyones opinion. When I get multiple peoples advice I choose one that will be best for me. What I'm trying to say is that asking for more advice can be useful.

One reason why I think asking for multiple advice is good, and helpful because people could be going through rough times. People ask for advice sometimes because maybe they have family problems, and they need help so they go ask people for advice. When you need advice you don't have to ask one of your family members, you can ask a teacher you trust, your counselor, or your friends. Out of all the advice you get you can choose one advice that you think could help you the most or you can use all the advice people gave you and try them to see if the advice would help. There can be many different reasons why poeple ask for several of advice.

Second reason of why I think asking for multiple advice is good. Another reason why people ask for advice is because they could be making a club, and they might not know what to do. Club members can put up posters, and ask people to write their advice or opinions on what they should do to make the club better, and more interesting. All the advice they will get is going to help them make the club better and they could get more members added to their club. When you ask for advice from people their advice can make things better.

My third reason is, sometimes you are so nervous for a test so you go ask for advice from people. When you want advice for a test you can go to your teacher and ask them for advice, or you can also ask other kids that have took the test before and they can give you some good advice since they took the test already. Advice can really help you if you are nervous. When you are nervous and people are giving you some advice their advice can help you calm down. Sometimes you can also give yourself some adviceb by saying to yourself "you got this" or "you are going to do good on this test".

I say that asking multiple people for advice is important. It's important because all the advice people give you can help you through out the day. Always ask people that you think can give great advice and always ask people for advice when you need some.