TEACHER_NAME:

When you were a child did you ever have classmates who got away with lower than average grades and still did activities?

This is how us B or higher grade average students feel. Student should have good grades to participate in anything. C average students are already on the verge of failing and do not have limitations to what they can do. This is like an example of letting a little boy hit his sister and get away with it because he "didn't mean to". Children who don't succeed should have a punishment, without a punishment they won't learn and will keep behaving the wrong way, and therefore, still get away with it. People have to learn, and if they don't learn right the first time it will become a bad habit of failing.

Parents should have to sign a paper, as well as teachers with the grade on it. Thus, if the grade is lower than an average B they shall not be able to participate. And there must be a parent/ teacher conference regarding the grade, how it got there, and how it can be fixed to let them do activities. If the requirements aren't met then the parent, and student should have a conference with the teacher and talk about what is wrong.

Children who work hard deserve to have a break and do something they want. But with C grade average people participating in those activities, C average students should have some limitations for what they are not doing right. When children do something wrong they must go in time out. So when a student fails, they must pay for what they did by not being able to participate in activities that are fun and interesting like sports and dances.

When children fail they must pay the consequences, and in this case, not be able to participate in school activities. It is not fair to the children at the school who do get good grades and participate to have to know they spend much more time working to perfect a grade just to participate with classmates who don't work half as hard and still participate.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME