Dear Principal of SCHOOL_NAME,

Community service is a really great thing to do in life. Most people in this community are in need of help. Helping the community makes the world a better planet to live on. It is really easy helping them too. For example, things you can do to help the community is to go to the hospital, babysit, and visit the sick to volunteer. By volunteering, you are supposed to help people out by working for them for a couple hours a day. I require all the kids in in school to be required to do it.

When you go to the hospital, you can help the community out because in some hospitals there are people that live there because they are too old to take care of or they have some kind of mental disability or illness. The people there are usually just old with some sort of sickness. It is hard for them to be able to do actions we are doing because they don't really have enough strength to do actions us, children and teenagers can do. It is good to help out because you can change there life in a better way.

When you babysit, you can really have fun with the kids you are with. You can see and learn everything about a kid. Most of them are very fun to play with however, there are a few that give you a hard time taking care of them. Parents usually ask you to babysit sometimes because of the work times they have or when they have to go to a party together. If you really enjoy being with kids, this is something to do.

When you visit the sick, you can really help them turn a frown upside down. By this quote I mean that they are all usually sick and in pain most of the time. They really don't like having to deal with the fact that they can't do what cured people can do. You can also talk to them and tell them about your life and learn a little bit of there's. They always like having someone to talk to.

In my opinion, I think volunteering is a brilliant idea to do. i think it's a good idea because you can change a life and you can make the planet a bigger and better place to live in. This is why I require all the kids in this school to be required to do community service.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME