Limiting car usage will have many advantages. Not only will it reduce pollution ,but it will also incourage a more healthy lifestyle. Also limiting car usage may help ween us off of our dependence on foreign oil. Car usage has caused a lot of problems economically, environmentally, and physically for the United States.

To start off, car usage is very bad for our environment. The number one cause of air pollution in the U.S. is transportation. So, if we found a cleaner and more environmentally-friendly way of transportation that help a lot. One way would be to reduce car usage. It would be much better if once or twice a week people would ride their bike or walk to work or where ever they are going. I understand that some people live to far away from where ever they are going to ride a bike or walk ,but if you carpool with people who are also going to the same place you save on gas money and you will also be helping the environment.

In addition to helping the environment, limiting car usage will also promote a healthier life style. With the united state's obesity rates sky-rocketing we could use all the healthy lifestyle promoting we can get. By limiting car usage we can encourage people to walk and bike to where ever they are going. Which will influence people to add a little excersise into their daily routine.

Along with promoting a healthier lifestyle, limiting car usage can also help the U.S. withone major problem. Over the years the U.S. has had many great presidents,but almost all of them have promised the same thing, that they will reduce our dependence on foreign oil. But nothing has happened. I believe that limiting car usage will help us in reducing the United states' dependence on foreign oil because if we aren't driving our cars as often we won't need as much oil.

In conclusion, the advantages to limiting car usage are that it will reduce pollution, promote a healthier lifestyle, and it will reduce our dependence on foreign oil. So next time you go to drive your car just think, is it really that far?     