Have you ever had an experience where you don't know what choices in life to make? Whether they're risky or not. You may go on the internet and/or ask people for better advice for your choices. When you hear these different answers from them, you can get mixed opinions. But, one of those answers can be better for you, and help to improve your life in many ways. Seeking different opinions from people for advice can help you make a better choice, know the struggles of it, and make you a better person

You can make a better choice if you get different opinions from people. Have you have ever gone to a store, or seen a commercial that said "This product is great!". You'd want to buy it right away, but then you may question it at first. After basically consulting yourself, you may end up with no decision in mind. This is where seeking opinions from other people is better. You could go on to the internet, and see the reviews from it, or you can ask your friend who has that product and ask for his opinion on it. If the product is great, then you'll probably buy it and vice versa. Consulting people before making a choice is better, because then you'll probably won't have to deal with the issues after making the choice without consulting people.

Sometimes, you can know some of the struggles of the choice if you want to choose it after consulting people. Everyday things have a consequence. Whether it's from buying a product to even flying a plane. Some of the choices you want to make, may have issues or consequences. For example, vaping. A lot of teens in America and other countries are vaping through a vape pen or e-cigarette. Some of the teens do it because they think it will make them look cool, popular, or even join the "popular" group. Some of the teens or ads may convince you to do it because "it isn't harmful, or it will make you cooler". But, if you consult people, and hear their opinions, you can know the true consequences (struggles) you can face from it if you do it. Knowing the struggles can make you choose a better choice, for your life and career.

Lastly, if we combine our two points stated earlier, you can know what choice is better, and know the struggles of it, to make you a better person. If we use the previous example of vaping, some teenagers do it to become popular, and companies persuade them by saying "it isn't harmful". Sometimes, you may be faced in that scenario of wanting to vape to prove to your friends that you are cool. But, if you know the struggles, because of commercials or the internet, you can decline it, and make a better choice. You can become a better person, and not harm yourself and others around you. Even you can consult other people who want advice, and possibly give them a better opinion.

Seeking different opinions from people for advice can help you make a better choice, know the struggles of it, and make you a better person. The choices you make can affect you and people around you. The choices you make can be better, by knowing the struggles of it, which can make you a better person. All of these circulate back just to seeking people for advice.