Electoral college is a process that makes it look like you're helping the electors choose a President but in reality under the electoral college system voters vote not for the President, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the presisdent. The electoral college is also unfair to voter because of the winner take all system. A tie in an electoral college could leed to the elction being thrown to the house of representives.

Electrol college is just un fair to voters because the winner take all system candidates dont spend time in states that they know they can't convince to vote for them, so they only focus on the states that are very tight race so they get more votes from them. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get a single campaign ad(Bradford Plumer)... .The Electrol College system is unfair and irrational which should be stop a or chaged to a better system where the citizens can properliy vote for thier leader and a have a new mind set on how to work the system

In the Electrol College system voters dont vote for the president, but for a slate of electors who then elect the President. so they cant realy elect president but they can elect people to vote them. For instace if you lived in texas and wanted to vote for [John] Kerry, they would vote for a slate of 34 democratic electors pleged to karry(Brad Pumer). So when your "Vote for President " you are actualiy voting for an electorr that represnts the president they want to vote for One large flaw in the electorl college system is when candidates have a tie, then the election would be but in the house of Representatives where the state delegation voteson the President.

But Electoral College are not all bad. Electoral College consist of 538 electors, a majority of 270 electoral vote is required to elect the president(The Office of the Federal Register).. This is good because that is most of the electoral votes, so it shows that more people actually wanted that candidate. Their are also 3 electors per state which is could help when it comes to making a choice because they are 3 so their can't be a tie. But in the case of the Elctoral College system the bad outways the good.

In my oppinion i think that their should be a change in the system to make it fair and let people actually vote for there leader and not for someone else to make the choise for them. Also their should be a way to make electors vote for what the people want. The Electoral College system should just be redone and made less basis.                                                                    