Required Essay: Phones & Driving

Cell phones were introduced in the United States in 1980 by engineer Martin Cooper. Since then cell phones have grown massively. More than 65% of Americans operate a cell phone. One main reason for the growth of popularity is that cell phones give us the ability to reach any person in a matter of seconds almost effortlessly. The technology of the cell phone has dramatically changed, for example Apple and their extraordinary enhancements to their devices over time. Cell phones are a necessity but not before your life or anyone else's. More than 1.5 million deaths occur a year due to cell phone use while driving. Cell phones should never in any case be more important than the road while you are driving. Drivers should definitely know to never use cell phones while driving, especially for a text.

Cell Phones provide communication with convenience, but they also have many other perks including cameras,games, etc. Cell phones can have many different uses, all of which can be very useful but at the right time. There are multiple ways in which a driver can be distracted while driving. They include talking to passengers, lighting up a cigarette and smoking,eating and drinking, etc. None of these have caused more deaths than distraction by cell phone in the USA. It is important to note that distracted driver attention by mobile phones means driving and talking at the same time, which raises safety threats. Drivers have to control both the vehicle and the mobile phone which makes focusing on the road a lot more difficult.

Drivers who use cell phones while driving not only endangers themselves but also other people on the road. As a result, most governments, including Austria, Australia, Switzerland and many more have created strict policies on phone use during driving. Due to lack of attention, drivers react slowly to traffic signals, sometimes missing. Decision making during driving is very important. Being distracted gives drivers a fraction of a second to make a quick decision in an intense scenario. Studies have highlighted that cell phone drivers react a lot slower and are more likely to make a mistake on the road.

Due to the statistics it can be concluded that, despite being a revolutionary way of communication, the use of cell phones during driving distracts the attention of the driver dramatically and puts lives at risk.                                                