Dear principal

I don't like the idea of when joining sports you need a average of a B grade ..... Most students in school have a C average, that means that us students would NOT be able to compete in the athletics clubs of the school ..... I mainly disagree because that means hardly anybody would be joining in football, volleyball, flag football, basketball, track and field.... and without anybody participating there would be no games against other school and NO school spirit... Mostly everyone in this school wants to do a sport for extra curricular for school. Without kids doing sports what's the whole point on having sports teams if they cant play in it. I believe that the average grade for playing sports should be a C....

I'm getting a C .... and if im getting a C i cant play my favorite sport volleyball, I LOVE VOLLEYBALL and its going to suck if i cant even join or participate in playing the sport .. and if you take this opportunity from us not playing sports unless we have a B average, NOBODY will be participating because we did not meet the standards of playing sports ....

I believe that if you changed the average grade for playing sports you will see changes in grades because the students in our school

WANTS to play sports for school.... I actually took a survey on how much people would try their best on their grades to play sports in school , and 95% of the students of our school said they would try their best to get a C average for sports.... & I BELIEVE in my fellow students and i know they would not let me down if it helps them get to something they really want to do in school ....

All im asking is a little support in trying to switch from getting a B average to getting a C average to be able to play sports.... and i promise you the school report cards will not be disappointing ...... because i know if i wanted to play volleyball really badly id do anything in my power of doing good on my grades... and that's what i will be doing for this quarter shooting for my goal in playing a sport by getting a C average grade if you change it .... Please and thank you for taking sometime out of your busy schedule and reading my letter for asking if you'd please change the average grade for sports from being a B to being a C .

One of your fellow students from the 8th grade,

STUDENT_NAME