Extracurricular activities after school could be really good for some people. It could teach kids to learn responsibly, help them be active, and it could really help them be more social and meet new people.

Students often lack responsibly. They often forget and misplace, not worried about homework or simply to lazy to do anything else. I think if students do extracurricular activities they would take more action and be more responsible. If a student is in the yearbook club he or she would have to be at school. This would stop skipping school and could possibly prevent bad grades. Responsibilty can also help student with there school work. They would care more about homework, study for test, and could help them be a honner roll student.

Students also need to start being active. Students need to be busy running,playing,jumping. I feel like if students be more active after school they would make exercising a habit and would not be over weight. Being active can also be help them relive stress from school. All that school work can put a lot of pressure on a kid and have them shut down mentally. Sometimes a kid needs to be a kid and just run around and play to relive stress.

Students need to start being more social. After school activities could help kids be more social and be more open. After school activates will help students raise there hand more and ask question in class because they aren't shy will feel more comfortable asking question and not worry about getting made fun of. After school activities could help students be less anti social and have more friends to talk to. Extracurricular activities can help a student by having them feel more open about talking to other adults about anything going on in or outside of school. These activities are important because kids can be very shy and not want to talk to people. This could help them talk more and be a better person emotionally.

Having Students do extracurricular activities isn't bad at all. It teaches kids how to have responsibly, keeps kids actives, and having them more involved and social. They also can learn life problems and how to solve them. They can't do that if they are anti social or lack responsibly, and not consistent or active with what they do.