Each day in the United States, approximately 9 people are killed and more than 1,000 injures in crashes that are reported to involve a distracted driver. 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving. In the last decade primarily due to the impatient and fast-paced culture of today's social world, today texting and driving have grown tremendously. It can have detrimental effects on people and their families, but it is our job as the driver to control what we can, by not using any device while driving.

For starters, A cellphone in itself has drastically changed our society today. Everywhere we go we have to have our phones on us. In many reports like the Pew Research Center, it shows that 59 percent of the texting and driving come from Millenials. Many Millenials are captured on their phones while driving via Instagram. Although the majority of texting and driving comes from a younger age group, the older age group plays a part as well. Texting is considered a distraction and requires the driver to pay attention to the cell phone rather than driving many innocent people who have lost their lives from recklessness. Accidents are a result of people trying to respond " right quick" to whatever it is that may have popped up their device. They don't recognize that in a matter of seconds texting and driving can cause both them and another driver to crash and possibly lose their life.

As a result of many car accidents being caused by texting and driving Georgia put in place a hands-free law. The hands-free law makes it illegal for the driver to hold their phone while driving. Reading from a phone or using it to record videos is also banned in the state of Georgia. The law is not to harm those who are driving but to help them and others. After the law went into effect many people began to put their phones down and focus on the road. The rate of car accidents caused by texting and driving has gone down since the law first began to be enforced.

All in all, Texting and driving is a very big issue. Despite the hands-free law in place we still continue to do it and not realize how much we do or how addicted to it we are. A text isn't worth knowing that you can possibly be the reason another life ends. Everyone has the same responsibility to put the phone down while driving and give the road all of their attention.   