When people go to others for help they often are strugiling with a important decision or a tragity. They might go to the people they know best, or a theripist or teacher. Another reason to go to multiple people for advice could be that one person may be better at giving advice than others. If someone gives you bad advice it could make you go down the wrong path or make the wrong decision. You should only go to people you can trust for advice becuase they will give you what would help you specificaly.

When asking for advice, going to multiple people for the same question could give you different answers that you could pick and chose from to find what would be most helpful for your situation. For example, when I ask for advice I might go to a parent, a friend, a teacher, and a guidance councler with the same question. With the information I had gathered I could decide what would be most useful for me. When I was applying for my highschool classes, I asked my mom to help me, I asked my highschool sister what she would recomend, I asked the guidince councler, and I asked my peers. With the information I had recieved, I chose the classes that I thought would be most suitable for me.

If someone is suffering from a tragity like the loss of a family member, freind, or pet advice could be very important and could really help change the way they are feeling about the matter at hand. When my dog passed away a few weeks ago, I went to multiple different people for help. Everyone I talked to was very supportive and made me feel better about the situation. without going to multiple people I might not have been able to recover from the incident as quickly as I have been able to.

If you are ever strugiling with loss are a decition getting help could be very benificial. It worked for me many times in the past, and it has helped many of the people I know. Getting advice and telling people how you are felling is always a option to help recover from a tragity or make the right decision. I have always used this tactict and will in the future. I would recomend it to anyone that needs help. 