Dont you think that having driveless cars will cause many problems? For instance driveless cars would be like schools that dont teach. Teachers would be there but they wouldnt do anything but sit there. Therefore no student would learn. So i dont think that it is a good idea to have driveless cars.

One reason i dont think that there should be driveless cars is because it would cause problems with the manufacture of the car and the owner of the car. I say that because in the passage it states that " maufactures are aslo considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road." That is invasion of privacy. Therfore the company and the maufacture of the car can be sued. And im pretty sure that no company would want to gert sued for having cameras on the inside of a car that watched the driver.

Another reason why i feel that there should not be driveless cars is because cars would no longer be fun for people to have. By that i mean most people like to divr they say its fun and it gives the something to do. But if there was driveless cars they wouldnt get to drive. They would just sit in the car and wait untill the car gets to the destination. So how is that fun? It would only be fun if there was a button or a switch that the owner could use to change the cars settings so that when they want to drive they can sand when they dont want to drive they dont have to.

The last reason i dont feel that driveless cars are a good idea is because there is no promises yet that there will ever be a driveless car. For example if a person is looking to buy a car and they go to a car dealership and the person trying to sell them a car says it drives on its own and the person buys the car. When they get to drive it they see that it only drives on its own at certain times. Dont you think that is real misleading? I mean there is no way that a company cant get sued for that. I say that because the company sold a car to someone that was suppose to "drive by itself" but it doesnt drive on its own therfore it is misleading and can cause major problems for the company.

And those are only some of the reasons on why i feel that there should not be driveless cars. They will cause to many problems with car companies and the owners of the cars. They will take all of the fun out of being able to drive cars. And if there is no promise that the car will be completly driveless and a company says it is then it could cause companies to loose a lot of money. So for everyone that thinks they should make a car that is driveless dont do it.