The thought of being able to attend school without physically going to school is foreign to most. Recent technology innovations allow for school to become more accessible in many new ways. In some schools, students are able to participate in classes through use of the internet all without leaving the house. While many view this new form of learning as beneficial, the distractions of a home environment would create difficulties for the student as well as the lack of a personal connection with their teachers. Additionally, students would experience delayed social development by eliminating the connections made at school.

By substituting the school environment for the more comfortable home environment students would struggle staying focused on school work and lose the willingness to work as hard as they possibly could. Many educational professionals harp of the fact that students are less productive when work is done laying in bed as opposed to at a desk. Students generally lose focus when they are doing their work in a comfortable environment and become more inclined to relax or distract themselves with their smart phone or their

Netflix account. Physically attending classes limits the amount of distractions available to the student by isolating them to their desk eliminating their ability to freelance around their home. In addition, it is common for normal students to struggle focusing on homework assignments in their home and find they work much more effectively at places like the library or the local coffee shop.

Distance learning limits the student to a connection by way of a pixelated display which in many cases can make most students feel less connected to their teachers. Teachers are the people who shape the next generation of society and their impact of that next generation is reduced when they are not able to talk with their student in person. Bonds are more easily formed through face-to-face interaction. Teachers are probably one of if not the most important players in shaping the youth and they lose their ability to have that impact through distance learning. For example, it can be said that most adults who have completed school can name at least one teacher who has had a positive impact due to the bond that they shared. In some cases teachers can even replace the role of a father or mother figure in a student's life.

Distance learning students would also miss out on important development of social skills that most young people learn by attending school. The ability to form connections with other human beings is most likely one of the most helpful skills a single person could learn. Whether that ability helps them get a job interview or meet new and interesting people, their life can only benefit from possessing that skill. With that being said, lack of physical connection for distance learning students could put them further back in their development of social skills.

To conclude, students are better off physically attending school as opposed to online school because they can create important connections with teachers and develop their social skills and would be without the many distractions one experiences at home. However, there are students that do not have the ability to attend class regularly and for that reason, distance learning can be a great option for them. As the world becomes more digital it can be expected that many more innovations will change the way society approaches school.