Facial Action Coding Systems can tell alot about a person, even when a person techniacally doesn't speak a word. I do belive having these types of computers in a classroom is valuable. Having this in a class room also means you might not even need a teacher anymore, maybe just an instructor. Reasons why I believe this is a valuable is because technology is advancing, students faces don't lie, and this later on can lead to further inventions. Now, im going to say why I believe in these reasons.

First, technology is advancing. Many schools have thrown out he old fashioned paper and pencil learning style. Many schools have computerized progams that students use majority of their time spent in school. As they said in the passage this stystem can detect when a student is getting bored, or even when a student is not understanding. Many students don't learn at a high learning pace, so having a computer progam that understands that and detects when a student is having trouble is good. A teacher can't be everywhere at once, so if a progam is able to detect that, and help the student thats also helps the teacher out.

Second, students faces don't lie. You would be able to tell a confused face from a mile away. If computers detected when students were confused this is an easier way of finding out what the student needs help with. If a computer program is explaining a subject step by step, and all of a sudden the computer detects the student becoming confused this helps a teacher know were a student became lost. Many students won't admit to them not knowing, they'll try and find a way to understand,but at the same time many won't.

Lastly, this one idea can lead to further inventions. It many more things you can create when it comes to face action recgonition. With technology running the world today you never know what somebody can come up with. For example, Apple uses face recgonition for a possible way to unlock your phone. Another example is robots. Another example is a face scanner that could take attendance for you as students come into your classroom. The Facial action coding can play a part in telling the child's mood as they enter. Technology is too advanced to not take takeover. If it was my call i'd say bring in the Facial Action Coding Systems.

In Conclusion, I do believe this is valuable. I belive it will help much more in a classroom than many people expect. My reasons with the technology being advanced, students face expressions, and the ideas can open further gateways to new inventions are some reasons on why I believe people should consider this to be in a classroom. With that being said, I do believe this would be valuable to a classroom.