Desperately stuck not knowing what to do or what to choose, but you have no idea who to ask for help? People many times dont know who the right person to take advice from is, but there is more than one person that can assist you with what you need. When asking for advice, talking to multiple people is a good choice, because people have experienced things differently from one another. It also allows you to hear from both sides of the story so you can get a clear picture of what you should do.

People experience things in different ways, so getting advice from different people will give you a clearer picture of what you need to do. For example lets say somebody wanted to practice for the English writing SOL, lets call this student Generic_Name. To be prepared for the SOL, Generic_Name asked his friend for advice on what he should study the most. Since everybody struggles on different things, and also gets different prompts, Generic_Name wouldn't have practiced as efficiently as he could have. Now if he had asked multiple people, including other students in his English class, and his English teacher he would have been more prepared to study, and ready to take the test. This is why when asking for advice you should take in consideration multiple people's opinions, so you have a better idea of what you need to do.

When you are stuck making a difficult choice that is subjective, or you just do not know the whole story, getting advice from multiple sources can help you make a more educated choice. Take Generic_Name Jr. for example, his friends just had a fight and he dosn't know how he should react because he was not there when the fight broke out. To know whose side he should take, Generic_Name Jr. asked another student that had seen what had happened to help him. The problem is, that the student that he asked to help him figure out what had happened, already disliked one of the kids that was involved in the argument, and was biased. Because of this Generic_Name Jr. made the wrong decision. If he had asked other witnesses, or even the actual kids that had participated in the argument, Generic_Name would have made a smarter choice. Thats why when you are getting help you need to make sure that the advise that the person is giving you is not too biased, or else you could make a wrong decision.

If you are asking for advise, it is always a good idea to talk to more than one person because then you can get to hear from both sides of the story, and different people experience things in different ways so you can get a broader view of something. Getting help from different people makes your choice more objective in a difficult decision. Asking more people for advice will help you make a more educated answer on a topic, and will help realize what you should do. So, if you are in a situation were there are a lot of people that can give you advise, why would you ever want to end up like Generic_Name, and not ask for it.    