The future of this world is technology, but how far can technology go? Some schools offer learning outside of the classroom by attending classes from home by going online and video conferencing. Online classes are not beneficial to students when public schooling is accessible. The environment of public school is completely different from home, the pressure in order to become better in public schools is not the same as taking classes online. Students would not benefit from attending classes at home because they would cheat, procrastinate, and not make friends easily.

Attending classes from home can easily lead to cheating. Students can cheat on assignments and exams because they have everything they need in their house in order to pass. Books and the internet can both be accessed from home without the teacher knowing the student is cheating. An exam would not show a students learning when they have the ability to access the internet to answer a question they should have learned. Although cheating is already an issue in public schooling, online classes would not lower the rate of cheating. The ability to go on the internet while no one is watching become a huge incentive to cheat. Therefore, public schools are finding ways to minimize cheating in the classroom as well. Public schooling is the best option because cheating would continue to get worse if more kids attend online classes from home.

Procrastination would become a bigger issue if students attended classes from home. Kids would not meet deadlines on time if they were to take online classes. The expectations would be lowered for students who do not turn in, or do, the work. Deadlines to assignments would be pushed back, giving students more time to do what they want to do, and papers would not represent the students capability because they rush to get it done. Having the pressure of a teacher, in person, helps motivate students to complete assignments. A teacher's physical presence helps motivate a student to do well on assignments and ask for help. Students attending classes online can not easily ask for feedback or advice on assignments from a teacher who is not in person. So, online schooling is detrimental to students because procrastination would rise.

Making friends grows difficult when taking classes from home because those students who take online classes are not attending classes with thousands of other students in a public school. Interacting with other people is how humans can gain more friends and become well-rounded. Being versatile can be beneficial in many situations like jobs that require interacting with others on a daily basis, for instance, a lawyer. A lawyer must know how to communicate and persuade the jury to agree with him. Taking online classes forces a student to become an introvert. The only communication the student would have is with the teacher through a computer. Public schools encourage students to make friends and build on experiences. Although this choice allows students to get assignments done when they are not able to attend public school, it would get the work done, but the student would not learn anything.

Public schooling is more beneficial compared to online schooling because students would cheat, procrastinate, and have difficulty making friends. Schools offering learning from a distance by allowing kids to attend classes online is detrimental to a student's success. The environment of public school is completely different from home, the pressure in order to become better in schools is not the same as classes online. Issues in public schools would only rise if students could take classes from home. In conclusion, schools should not offer online schooling from home because the impact is more negative than positive.