The author of this article has some really good points on how the Facial Action Coding System is useful for the students in the classroom. Even though the computers could tell you how another person is feeling you could also do the same with your closest frineds and family because you kmow them so well. The computers have no idea who you are but they still know what emotion you are feeling just by how the bones in your face are working together.

The computer will form a 3-D model of the face. All of the 44 major muscles have to work exactly like the human muscles in the model. They have classified six basic emotions such as: happiness, surprise, disgust, anger, sadness, and fear. Most people like to hide their emotions with thier face so people don't know that something is wrong. The computer could see right through that and see exactly what emotion is going on.

In the classroom students that are shy or don't ask for help often lie to their teacher and tell them that they understand exactly whats goingon and exactly what they're doing. If we had those computers in the classrooms then the teachers could help us more by knowing the truth. The teachers could figure out a better way to teach the lesson so the kids are'nt so confused.

These computers could change lives but not many people probably see that since it's just another piece of technology. Imagine using this for someone yu are teaching or explaining something to yoou would want them to learn whatever that is you're helping them with would'nt you? But if that person is scared or shy they wouldn't be so easy to tell you that they don't understand. If we used these computers properly and not just as some toy then we could change how education is taught and it not being so difficult to understand so you could recieve better education quality.

Teachers already try their best to help their students but sometimes it's just more difficult than it seems. Children like to give attitude when not understanding something or when they feel like the teacher is judging them because they don't understand something. When it comes to school and work it's alot of stress and focusing but if teachers had a better way to recognize the emotions of their students it'd be easier for them to help them out instead of leaving them there and not understand anything.

I feel as if teachers would like the idea of having one of these computers in their classroom because not only does it benefit their students but it also benefits them by helping their generation out and not letting their students fail but to become successful. So I think that having these in the classroom would be very valuable and helpful for everyone. 