Thick, foggy air is the future for this planet if we continue on this polluting path. Although, pollution is unavoidable in the industrial time we all live in. There are still ways people may help to limit the amount of pollution. With this information,the people of the earth need to limit their use of cars. For benefiting reasons such as, decreasing the deadly pollution, the lessening of stress, and economically saving.

Initialy, Pollution is increasing drastically and limiting car use will help decrease it. The usual effects of pollution from a car is the exhaust it lets out. Also, the factories that manufacture these cars are letting off smoke which in result pollutes the air people breath. In source 1 paragraph 5, it explains that passenger cars are responsible for twelve percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to fifty percent in some surbuban countries such as the United States. Therefore, the result of cars exhaust is hurting the enviroment and is one of the main causes of greenhouse gases. Source 2 paragraph 15, also states the cold nights and warm nights caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. Explaining the air families and children breath is basically coming form a car's exhaust. Overall, pollution is a catastrophe and affects evryone dramatically.

Additionally, the stress of the average person can and will be lowered if the use of cars decrease. Stress can be cause by many things, but one of those things is the use of cars. Limiting the use of cars will really help any person relax. source 1 paragraph 3, Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two, states she has been less tense and is much happier. Futher more without the use of a car this mother feels relaxed which enables her to be the mothe she wants to me. Source 3 paragraph 20 explains that leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. Knowing how stressful a traffic jam can be, limiting the use of a car will avoid that stress. To conclude, the strees releif of limiting the use of a car will impact evryone in a very beneficial way.

Lastly, there is an economic benefit to limiting the use of a car. A car cost alot to maintain and with all these expenses, its hard to find money to spend on ones self. Source 4, paragraph 32 explains the car use decreasing in america was caused by recession. The cash strapped americans had a hard time finding the money to spend on cars, which explains cars are a very expenxive product. Overall, the ecnomic impact will be beneficial to everyone because of the money saved to be used for different amenities.

To sum up, the limiting use of cars wont only help relieve stres or save money, but also help decrease pollution. Everyone would then be able to live a life knowing their childrens future will be bright. Instead of full with smog and smoke.                                       