The last time I remember having a summer project was when I was in 7th grade. As I think about it now, honesty, I did not find it as bad as other people made it out to be. Sure, we had to write a lot, but it really helped improve my writing skills. I fondly enjoyed writing about books we were interested in, ten times more than writing about the intensely boring ones we were forced to read in school. Of course,not everyone liked summer projects in my school. Some found it boring and others really hated it. This is why I personally consider for summer projects or in general, students and teachers should be both on the same page so each side can benefit. I believe summer projects should be a mix of both teacher's and student's designs based upon evidence from personal experience.

This first piece of evidence of why summer projects should be a mix of both teacher and student design, comes from a conversation I had with one of my friends in 7th grade. It was the almost the end of May and our English teacher had given us our summer reading project. As my teacher started handing out the hefty packets, my friend Generic_Name groaned in disappointment. I looked over to him and said, "Whats the matter?" He responded with that he had always hated the summer reading assignments because they were not very interesting. Since I knew I liked them I jokingly responded, "What do you mean, I love them!" I can still remember Generic_Name's face of disgust and horror when I spoke those words. "Okay,Okay, what would make you enjoy the projects more?" I responded.

He told me that he had wished they had more variety. I knew at the time he loved drawing. If summer reading projects were not just teacher based, Generic_Name would have actually liked them. This evidence helps support the thesis because my friend Generic_Name would have had a better engagement of this assignment if there were places in the project where he could express himself the way he enjoys. Most likely this could have benefited the teachers more because there would have been quality work coming from this project since the students would be more connected to them. This agreement of both the teacher and the student on a assignment is want I want to talk about next.

The next piece of evidence has to deal with a personal experience of mine that can help support how teachers and students designs can benefit both sides;as well as summer projects. This evidence comes from a time where my English teacher in 9th grade and our class, had been discussing over an assignment that should be completed through the ways we creatively liked. Our teacher told us two classes later that the results were amazing and she had fun grading our work because they were all creative and unique. One kid even brought in a guitar to play for the assignment. The reason why this evidence helps support the thesis is because both our class and our teacher shared each others opinions. We came together as one and on how we could make the assignment more engaging for both us and our teacher. Another instance like this happened in 8th grade.

I will always remember 8th grade being the best year of school for me. The reason was because in all of my classes most of my teachers and the class shared and agreed on assignments which made the classes more interesting. One of my favorite classes was history. My teacher, Generic_Name helped engage us in history by acting out certain events that happened. Till this day I still can remember the event that started WWI,thanks to my teacher. An argument that could be made against this is that my teacher loved what he was doing and thats why the class enjoyed history. That can be true because,most of the things I remember for certain classes were because of teachers I had that loved what they were teaching. However since both the students and the teacher agreed with each others decisions, thats what made the class engaging not just the teacher enjoying what he teaches.

There needs to be a connection between the students and the teachers designs on certain projects especially like summer projects. If both students and teachers can agree on one thing then the work provided will be significantly better. The reason for this is because students would be more encouraged to produce quality work based upon the evidence of my 9th grade English project and my 8th grade history teacher. However if there is no agreement then you can have a situation where the students will not like the assignment. Just like how my friend Generic_Name hated summer projects. 