The technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom could be valuable to help students understand if they are confused or bored.

In paragraph six Dr. Huang states that the computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. This is would be a great thing to put on our classroom computers because for one the students would not have to sit there becoming confused, if the computer modifies the lesson for the student so they could best understand it, it would be so helpfull.

Also if we but this on the computers at school it would help the teachers so much they would not have to go from student to student, they could just let the computers help the students with the lesson wile the teach can grade assessments and other work. I know for one that when I need help can sometimes take my teacher quite awhile to get to me, if the schools had this technology in their classrooms it would be so much easier for everyone.

In paragraph 3 Dr. Paul Eckman classifies six emotions, happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. If the computers can read the emotions that a student is feeling it could help them. For example, students can have a bad day at school if the software can identify what they are feeling it could quite possibly help them with thier problems, then alot more students could be happy.

Another reason is students can be lazy if they do not know how to do something normaly they just do not do it. Going back to what Dr. Huang said in paragraph six he stated that the computer could motify the lesson if the student is bored or confused, if it can do that then it can help the student understand what to do then they won't just skip over it and not do it.

In my school there are dissabled students. If the computer program could help them understand the lesson it would be so helpfull to the teachers and to them.

So overall I think we should have this technology in schools it would be so helpfull to everyone in the school in their work and possibly in their life.