Is the use of technology to read emotional expressions in the classroom valuable? Maybe. In paragraph 6 of Making Mona Lisa smile by Nick D'alto, there is reason to believe that reading the emotions of students can help focus on what students want to do, or what they enjoy in the classroom. Which will ultimately help them learn better if they're learning what they like. Artificial emotion reading is a new technology developed by Thomas Huang in the Advanced science branch at the University of Illinois, and has reached word of many schools, who are ready to fully endorse it as a form of reading the emotions students feel, to help adapt the way they are taught into a more fun and interesting way.

However, there is one clear down set to this idea, and thats that if kids need to be facially monitered to know if they enjoy the class or not, then it's probably the teachers fault. Yes reading emotions would be a cool feature to add to know if students are enjoying what they are learning, but it will probably be an expensive technology to purchase. Furtherly noted, also stated in Making Mona Lisa Smile, we don't completely communicate with each other through words, so it wouldn't exactly be an impossible thing for teachers to realize if they're being boring if they pay attention to how the students are reacting to what they are teaching. It just seems as though it is an unnecessary piece of technology that many want entered into the classroom setting.

All in all there are pros and cons to moving this piece of artificial intelligence into classrooms. Some pros would be; The ability to know how students are reacting to what they are learning, and it would help to focus on what motivates kids to do there school work. However, a few cons would be; Its not cheap, and you most likely don't need it in the classroom. Lastly, there could defenitely be legal trouble with parents not wanting there children monitored throughout the day via their mobile school device. Artifical Emotion reading is a cool idea, but honestly, not very practical, and not exactly necessary.      