When you ask someone for advice, do you ask one or more than one person? When asking for advice hearing multiple opinions can help make you choose a better decision. One reason to ask more than one person for advice is that you have different point of views. Another reason is to hear answers from diffrenet people. Lastly, it can change your own point of view from hearing other peoples opinion. All in all, asking multiple people for advice can help benefit your decision.

One reason to ask multiple people for advice is that you can hear different point of views. Hearing different point of views is always good to have in any situation. Hearing a different opinion other than your own is good because than you can put your self in their point of view. Different point of views can help you choose a better decision in a positive or negative way. Overall, asking more than one person for advice can let you hear different point of views that might help you make a bettter choice.

Another reason to ask multiple people advice is that it can change you own point of view. Multiple point of views can benefit on your decision, but it can also change your point of view. By hearing more than one persons opinion your point of view might change and affect your choices. If your point of view changes it can either benefit your choice or not benefit your choice. In all, Having your point of view being changed or not by hearing multiple peoples opinion can effect your final decision.

Lastly, asking more than one person for advice can let you hear not only different point of views, but different answers. Different answers can help pick out the best answers easily. Multiple answers can also helo narrow down your choices. Hearing more than one answer can make a better outcome of picking the best choice. In summary, having not just one answer but multiple can help a person decide on the best answer.

In conclusion, asking more than one persons opinion can help make a better choice in the end. Asking more than one person can have an outcome of different answers from different people. Another outcome is you can have multiple points of views from different people. Lastly, it can change your own point of view to hear from both sides and in the end can make a better choice. When asking for any advice you should ask more than one person for a better outcome.