Holy Avacadoes! A new computer software has just come out, and it is designed to insure that this software can recognize our emotions, feelings, and best of all... FACIAL EXPRESSIONS! You may think this is a good idea, or maybe even a bad idea. Never the less this was not intended to be a quote "AS SEEN ON TV" commercial promoting a computer software for $19.99. It may be a good piece of technology, and a smart way to see things from another perspective. While many may argue that using technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom, is valuable. This may be the best idea I have ever heard of, espcially in an age where people are using facial recongnition to recognize who is coming in and out of the schools, and people can track others medical histories, and so on, and so forth. Classrooms should be more reliable when it comes down to facial recogntion, and cyberbulling.

One example on how classrooms should be using facial recognition especially with students, can be shown on paragraph #7 whenever the author mentions that home computers can't always rely on facial recongiton, but that school computers can and should. "Your home PC can't handle the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa's smile. But we can write down some simple instructions that "encode" different emotions." As this paragraph is shown to readers, the author is trying to mention a point that home computers can be slow, and may not recognize faces easily, and that right there can lead to stalkers, and hacking occuring as well. Not only that but school computers can get hacked too, but with facial recogonition, they can stop that from happening.

Another example on how classrooms should use facial expressions especially with students is displayed fully in paragraph #5 when the author states that quote the "calculation" to recognize faces is so complex now that you can recognize everyone's face on a computer no matter if you mention there name. "For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look at her face." This shows us the readers that we can identify peoples faces, on either a computer, or in person. It can be very useful for counslers because they can identify who this person, or people are walking into there offices.

Finally, the last example on how classrooms should use computer facial recognition especially with students, can be traced to paragraph #9 they claim that quote "(Putting on a happy face" actually works!) this shows us the readers that whenever the computers try to recognize your face, they can also see how you were feeling, whether it was happy, sad, or even emotion. And pictures can be a good recource to identify a cas, or in the case a student.

In conclusion these examples I showed were good whenever it came down to finding out what students are in where, but it can help not only in a classroom, but aslo in the world of law enforcement, and our phones. But if you use it incorrectly, you may have serious trouble in your hands.   