In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it present. It is very dangerous to study Venus but at the same it's very important for us. According the the article on first paragraph, it said that "While Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of earth, it ha proved a very challenging place to examine closely". This quote show that it may seem pritty easy but for those people who really know about the study of astronomy it is vary challenging. It may be a life threatning for those who study Venus but they take the challenge found all about it, so that people who live on Earth know what is going on with our planet.

The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy persuit despite the danger. In paragraph 2, it said that "Each previous mission ws unmanned, and for good reason, since no respacecrafe survived the landing for more than a few hours, Maybe this issue explains why not single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades. Numerous facfors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despte its proximily to us". This whole quote shows us how dangerous it is that no spacecrafe survive the landing for more thana few hours. However they still give their life to face the challenge for human to study. If no one on earth were to study about our planet then alot of people on earth has to face the disaster.

In paragraph 3 it tells us about the percentage of carbon dioxide blankets Venus, and the challenging of a Venus atmosphere.

In the article, it said that "On the planet's surface, temperatures averge over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experiece on our own planet. These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth". This show that they are facing more greater challengies. I think that not alot of people on earth are brave enough to challenge themself where it could cause their life. Therefore alot of poeple need to understand the concept of how it's like to challenge of the thing we are afride of.

The author also stated in paragraph 6 about the risk and important of studying Venus. It said that "More importantly, researchers cannot take simples of rock, gas, or anyting else, from a distance, Therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. This quote show us that the researchers has to go up close to study Venus, in order to find the information all facts about the Venus. It also said that "Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow ourmachines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of venus". This quote also show that they are also working on machine, not only finding facts about Venus.

Therefore studying Venus is important but at the same time it's very dangerous. Alot of people has to face the challenge to finds alot of facts about the Venus. I also think that it's very impoetant to study abot Venus because if we don't know alot about our planet then there will be alot of disster in our earth. It also said it in the last paragraph 8 " Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors". This quote is telling us that not only for our planet to be save but also to lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. 