There has been an increasing concern about whether driverless cars should be developed as the technology of autonomous cars advances rapidly. Google has had cars that can drive themselves under special conditions since 2009 and many people are excited to witness the development of driverless cars. However, there are also some people worrying about the disadvantages of driverless cars. In my opinion, driverless cars have more negative effects than positive effects at present.

First of all, driverless cars are not safe enough and today, these so-called driverless cars can only control themselves under centain conditions, which means human drivers are still necessary. Just as BMW pointed out:" They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." This means human drivers still play an important role in driving and they should always be prepared so that they are able to take over immediately if necessary. It deserves consideration that whether what we want is just a driving-assisting system. If driverless car cannot control itself under all conditions safely, it is not worth devoting millions dollers and endless hours into its development.

In addition, there are not systematic laws about the driverless cars now. As the author mentioned in the article, who should be responsible if an accident happens because of technology failures, the driver or the manufacturer? There are many more problems to think about. For example, how could laws be made so that driverless cars must pass certain tests before entering market? Should people make a law to force car owners to do a function test regularly? All these problems deserve public attention and should be taken seriously.

Last but not least, drivers may be challenged mentally since they need to be prepared to take over the car while in most of the time, they do not have to do anything. The author stated that some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. It might be helpful. However, people still cannot enjoy "driving fun" and a better solution is needed.

In conclusion, driverless cars have negative impacts on the society, at least at this time. At present, the uncertainty of safety, the lack of relevant laws and the psychological challenges it brings make driverless car impossible to be widely accepted. As an attractive concept, it may be inspiring to people, but it still has a long way to go before it can actullay be taken into practice. 