I think students should have the right to chose what they want to do when it comes to after school. Extracurricular is not something students should be forced to do when it has no benefit for them in the future.

for example, some students might not find anything they like. Theres always gonna be limited options when it comes to after school activities,if students pick something they dont like that should be an option for them, theres a high change they wont have fun in what their doing. The main point for extracurricular is to have fun. Also if the students activity is dangerous or goes against school codes then it cant be done at school since most teachers arent qualified to do such things, its not like the school is going to hire extra workers, that causes the schools to lose money due to new teachers for different activates that are supposed to be optional. Students will also lose interest in the activity if they were forced to pick something that was supposed to be fun, this could lead to bad behavior from this student.

Students have different interests,they shouldn't force students to do something that should be optional. they shouldn't turn this into something serious it's better to just keep them for fun.

some students could be busy,a lot of students take different activities already for after school. Most students could be passionate about what their doing already. They dont need the stress or worry about a different class that serves no important purpose. Some kids need extra classes on what will get them into their favorite college or what ever they want to be be in life. Good grades are important for the classes they do need.

Being bust takes a lot of a students time,a lot of students are already busy with something else. Theres no reason to add to the work they already have.

Its also good for students to take brakes too,mental health is very important to every person especially students,so most of the time they need that extra time to be by themselves. Every student or person should be able to have time to relax and take a brake before going back the next day. Students can also enjoy doing activities alone instead of with different people they dont know,that can sometimes lead other kids to lose interest in what they used to like doing. That something could have been what they used to do in order to relax.

Breaks are needed for everyone, theres no reason students should feel pressure from something they should like doing.

in general its a bad idea to force kids to do something that should be optional,extra activities are supposed to be fun. its not something students should be stressed or worry about doing.    