Have you ever been in need of advice, but you just could not settle on one friend or family member to ask? I have found that when asking for advice it is most beneficial if you were to ask more than one person. When seeking advice it is best to find multiple inputs into your problem, because one person may not have the best advice for your situation,

multiple inputs gives the person more options, and you can combine multiple advises, to fit into your specific problem.

One person may not have the best advice for your situation. Sometimes even though your close to somebody, they may not give the best advice. I love my grandparents, but I'm not nesscesarily going to go to them every time I have a big problem, just because your close with someone does not mean they can give you the very best advice. Good advice is not something that everyone can give. So it is important to ask more than one person, to compare and see which advice is the best for your situation. Some people just don't think like you do. Because of this some may give horrible suggestions to you and some may give life changing inputs. In conclusion, close friends and family don't always give the best advice, good advice is not something everyone can give, and not everyone can put themselves in your shoes.

Multiple suggestions give you more options. Multiple suggestions gives you the ability to mix and match the responses of friends and family. Say that someone is bullying you at school, and you don't what to talk to anyone at school about it, you can combine what your parents say and handle the situation. The more people that you ask, the more likely you are to find a response that you agree with. If you were to ask what shoe to buy, by the time you have finished, you'll have found plenty of shoes that you like. Finally, multiple responses to a question free's up the possibility to out-rule the suggestions you did not like, and roll with ones you do like. When you take in only a couple of responses, you may not get the advice you need. In conclusion, with multiple advises given you can not only mix and match responses from your peers, but also combine responses, plus it gives you a more likely chance to find advice that you like, and finally, you can pick and choose which advice is helpful and which is not.

When getting responses it's best to limit the amount of advice given. You should limit the advice given because the advice given should be from a couple people you know very well. These responses are coming from people you trust and know very well, not just the average acquaintance. You can't trust just anyone with advice. If I wanted to know what it takes to play basketball in college, I'm not gonna ask just anyone, but people who I trust to give me a great answer

When seeking advice it is best to find multiple inputs into your situation, one person may not have the best advice for you and your situation, and the advice that you need is from people that know you the best. One person isn't always enough to give you the best answer, multiple suggestions are always needed and not everyone can give you advice. Advice is something everyone needs, and is best when it comes from the many people that love you.                                                              