"The Challenge of Exploring Venus", this is a challenge because of Venus's reputation. Venus is the closet planet to earth due to density and size, it orbits the sun at a different speed. Because Venus is Earth's neighbor, somebody wanted to explore it. Trying to explore Venus has failed for over three decades. In paragraph 2 it writes, "and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours." The author came to the conclusion that Venus had a reputation that's challenging for humans to study. The author writes, " A thick atmosphere of almost 97 persent of carbon dioxide blankets Venus. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." Humans can not survive in carbon dioxide, Venuns's air isn't breathable, the pressure that it has keeps and spacecraft from leaving after it comes in. Paragraph 2 explains "These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth; such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our occens and would liquefy many matals." Venus is so hot that it will melt the finest metal into liquid.

The author wants to know why would any one still want to go to Venus if it's too dangerous to vist anyway. The author explains that long ago Venus had been a fit planet for humans to live in. He says, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." Just because Venus is hot doesn't mean that it didn't have some form of life before it got that way, something had to of happened. The author explains that Venus could be "our nearest option for a planetary visit, acrucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel." This infoprmation explains that they have a way to explore without any physical issues. NASA came up with the idea that someone would go in and hover in the air to aviod the damages. The temperature of where they will be wouldn't be as hot as the ground but it would less than 800 degrees Fahrenheit. NASA explains that it's a risk to get on the ground to "get up and personal" but they can't take any objects from the planet. NASA is working on another approach to study Venus, in the mean time they're currently using "mechanical computers" to physcially pick up things with strength but that's also a risk but it can melt during the process. The author gives many reasons as to why exploring venus is a challenge to explore because it's climate is so hot that anything and anybody will melt. Spacecrafts and other materials are not able to survive during the process of exploring venus. 