This article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto revolves around this idea of using a computer to read people's experssion and emotions. It can tell how much precent you are happy, sad, surprise, andger, fear, etc. It can just tell the basic emotions. This type of technology usage is not valuable to read the emotionla expressions of students in a classroom. It's just going to be a waste of money and resouces.

By using this technology in classrooms, it is useless. It can not read in deatail of how the students are actually feelings, it cannot tell in dept of emotions. In paragraph three it states "Eckman has calssified six basic emotions- happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and saddness, and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles". Here one can see that these computers only reads basic emotions. These basic emotions can be read by humans. We have our fellow humans to be able to tell how we feel, more than a computer.

Begining of paragraph 5 states "we humans perform this same impressive "calculations everyday" and "you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face". I think that techonology has already been a huge part of our lifes and we don't need a computer to read our emotions. I think if we have that in a classroom then it will ruin the interactions between classmates. Iphones, the internet, computers, video games has all been a huge part of society. People are addicted like it is drugs. Addictions to phones has become worse in recent studeis. People take their phones EVERYWHERE, to the bathroom, to bed, to school, to church, to parties, etc. It has become social network online. Kids barley go outside and play anymore, teens don't hang out much; all because of this small device. I think it is not of value to have a computer in a class that reads emotional expression.

While having a technology that read peoples emotional expressions would futher ruin the interactions between humans, It will be very costly to make such devics and put them in every classrooms. It would just be a waste of money and resources. In the article it says "the process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles" it also says "your home PC can't handle the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa's smile". The process of this techonology sounds like it will be expensive to build such a high tech decoding. The article also says our PC's is not complex to handle this new techonology. So this new techonology must have complex algoriths to be able to decode a smile. Which will be expensive to make.

I think this type of techonology is not of value to have in a classroom to read students emotional expressions. The technology will ruin interactions between fellow classmats and it will be expensive to put in every classroom. There needs to be more connections between students, a device like that would make connecting with others worse. This type of technology should not be in classrooms.