From the early ages of preschool, to the later stages of high school and potentially college, a majority of people spend their days sitting and learning in the classroom of a school building. Though this has been the classic way of learning for years, what if there was a way to change the original style of student education? Our society has been built off of the idea that being educated should be in a school, where many people feel uncomfortable and face harsh social judgment. Distance learning from home, by online or video conferencing, is a beneficial option because it is convenient, helps avoid social pressure, and allows one to be educated in a comfortable environment.

One reason distance learning from home is a strong option for education is because it is convenient. A majority of children or adults enrolled in a school where they must physically attend the classes spend half of their troubles finding ways of transportation. Not only do they have to find a way to school, but they must also find a way home, which may bring up conflicts within a family or oneself. A large amount of money may be put into these transportation options, or risks with safety may occur. Also, money has to put into other items needed for school such as backpacks, clothing, unnecessary school supplies, etc. By learning online, rather than in a classroom, students are provided with an easy, cheaper option. It allows people to still gain the same knowledge, but on their own time and schedule. Students will no longer have to stress about working around the schools schedule, because they will be able to take the classes at the most suitable times for themselves.

Another reason learning by online or video conferencing in ones home is beneficial is because it helps avoid social pressure. One of the biggest issues in our world today has to do with comparing oneself to others. Mental struggles and illnesses have been increased over the years because of the influence and negative mindset built up by those around us. Whether it is grades, personality, appearance, etc. our society is constantly brought down by one another. Being educated at home allows people to limit their exposure to this constant pressure put on by teachers, or peers. Their confidence will be boosted, and those being taught at home will create a better ability to learn because the comparison of others abilities will not be shown.

Learning from home is also a good idea because it allows students to be educated in a comfortable environment. Having to sit in a desk, or stand in a room that is not too familiar to one may cause a disadvantage to the students education. For the student to be at home, where they get to choose the most suitable spot for themselves, they will learn easier. Discomfort in a students learning area leads to a distraction that causes a negative impact, but by eliminating this, the student is one step closer to a stronger education. Though some people believe that being at home creates more distractions, this view can be seen as false because the distractions of others and discomfort are eliminated in the at home learning process.

By using at home, online education it allows our society to create an easy, stress-free, and suitable process of learning.

The early years of life are some of the most important, because it is when people begin to figure out who they are and their main purpose of life. Through this new style of learning, our society will begin to free themselves from the thoughts of others, and be able to form a confident and strong lifestyle for their successes of the future.