Distance learning is a common type of learning for some schools across the country. Students are able too be at home and still learn the same subjects they learn at school. This type of learning is very similar too online schooling, instead of never going to school and constantly studying from home, students can attend some classes through a online or video conference. Students who do distance learning, have many disadvantages when being compared too regular learning in School. The students who participate in distance learning will not benefit from it.

First, distance learning can restrict certain students ability to learn through bad internet, old computers, and low financial struggles. Firstly, students who have bad internet connection can have many disadvantages, preventing students from benefiting in distance learning. Having a bad internet connection can slow you down, and could even cause a disconnection in the work you're doing. For example, at School the internet connection would be very weak for some students during the day, it would cause students too disconnect from the application while the rest of the class are working together. Secondly, students with old computers can have the same affect as slow internet but with even more disadvantages. Old computers can cause applications too glitch, making the venerability of getting viruses higher, and it could even cause newly made files non compatible when you try to run or download the file. The older the computer, the higher chance of problems too occur. Lastly, some students don't have the same financial struggles as other students. The low budget they have on purchasing supplies such as computers, laptops, and monitors can affect the way they study from home. Not being able too purchase certain supplies or latest models can have a heavy effect on the way students learn from home. At school, students with financial problems are placed in a special program too help them purchase the supplies they need at school for a low price or even for free. When these particular students try to participate in distance learning, they cannot appropriately participate in it. This makes basic learning at school a better decision for financial struggling students. Concluding, students with learning disadvantages do not benefit from distance learning.

Second, Distance Learning can be an easy way too cheat on given assignments through using notes that are not permitted on test day and searching up or sharing answers for an assignment. Firstly, students have the ability too cheat by using information handed to them in class, such as notes on tests. Cheating can lower your ability too learn, making Distance Learning non beneficial for students. For example, when students are given notes for a class, it is either saved online or physically placed in their folder. Students at home, doing distance learning usually have parents at work and don't have anyone at home to supervise over them. This setting allows students too cheat on tests and other important assignments by pulling out their notes and using it on tests. Secondly, students can also cheat by searching up or sharing answers for their homework and classwork. Sharing answers with classmates too complete an assignment lowers the creativity and effort put in, making distance learning less beneficial for students. For example, students can send messages to each other during class and get answers for certain questions too complete their assignment. In conclusion, Distant Learning is an easy way for students too cheat on assignments from home lowering the benefits of taking the program.

Others may find Distance Learning beneficial since it helps bullied students and those who struggle too find friends. Going to school has many benefits too it, such as building your friendliness, personality, and awareness too different cultures. First, Students who are friendly learn how too talk to other people at school. Second, building a personalty helps students be unique in a group of people allowing others to find him interesting too communicate with. Lastly, being knowledgeable of the different cultures that surround you builds your awareness of the different perspectives, people see.

Concluding, Distance Learning is not beneficial since all the ability students have an opportunity too misuse it for their advantage. Students who participate in Distance Learning can easily cheat on many of the assignments. Not only can they lack in effort too complete their assignment and still get a good grade, but having a disadvantage when learning, such as not having the supplies needed in order to complete an assignment can affect the benefits you get when working at home. Therefore, Distance Learning is not at all beneficial when compared too regular school learning.         