My grandfather once told me, "Its crazy how fast technology has developed. One day, technology will run the world". In this day in age where technology is very popular, education has became more reliant on it. For example, instead of the classic chalkboard, majority of teachers now use smart boards to teach. With technology being easily accessible, students are now able to gain an education from home. Students will not benefit from being able to attend classes from home via online or video conferencing because one would be less focus, have less assistance, and be more likely to cheat.

In the freedom of their own home, students can be very distracted. Being at home can be no different from being at school. Family members can be as much of a distraction as friends can be, especially siblings. While a student is home, their parents' can make them clean or watch after their siblings'. Also, technology is one of the biggest distractions to students today. Students can not multitask work and entertainment at the same time. With the opportunity to be on their own, they will spend most of their time using their cellphone or watching TV.

Without the physical presence or hands-on aid of a teacher most students can not learn. Most students are visual learners; however, some students need physical assistance to better understand a subject. Being hands-on opens a doorway for more students to engage in learning. In order for a student to participate and focus, a student needs to learn in the best way they can. Without a proper guidance or understanding, it will be hard for a student to pass.

If you give someone leeway, they will take advantage. Students tend to cheat when they want to pass but do not want to put in the effort. With no one to watch over the students, one can easily access the answers to a test, quiz, or homework from online. Students can also gain answers from another person or ask them to do the work for them. Students will not learn from copying answers if they do not understand the concept.

In conclusion, students are better off learning in a school. Attending classes from home is not the best route. It would not benefit students from being able to attend classes from home via online or video conference because one would have more distractions, have less assistance, and be more likely to cheat.