"The more the merrier" is an iconic quote that nearly everyone has either used or heard in person. Now, this quote could refer to anything; more cats, more dogs, more trumpets, or more frogs. In this case, the quote is referring to the number of people advice is taken from. Sure, one person could give outstanding advice, but diversified perspectives are always helpful. Such perspectives are helpful in many ways, like how receiving multiple perspectives gives you more solutions to a problem, you can avoid possible bias from advice-givers, and multiple pieces of advice could build on each other to build a stronger, more effective solution.

When receiving diversified advice, you get many new solutions to the problem at hand, which is often very beneficial. For example, you're the quarterback of your football team and one of your teammates (a wide receiver) is advising you to launch the ball down the field to them. If you had only listened to this one piece of advice and chucked the ball down the field, the odds of you throwing an interception and having an angry coach would have been very high. The opposite could have been said if you would've taken advice from multiple people to rule out one person's bad advice and gave yourself a higher chance of a more favorable outcome. Another example of this would be if you were getting chased by an alligator. Let's say 3 or 4 of your friends had said to just run as fast as you could and hope for the best when you were discussing this a few weeks ago, and a few adults, including your parents, told you to run in a zig-zag pattern because alligators are much less agile on land than in the water. You started off by following the advice of your friends, but quickly notice that the alligator is gaining on you, so you desperately switch to plan "b" and begin to run in zig-zags. The alligator gives up and returns to the lake. Had you limited yourself to one perspective, you would've ended up as a headline on CNN, but since you had multiple perspectives in the back of your mind, you were able to fall back on that previously stated "plan b" and make it out with your life.

When receiving advice from someone, you may also be receiving bias towards something that affects them personally, which can be ruled out by receiving multiple perspectives. Additionally, one person may feel a strong way for or against the topic that you're wanting advice on, so having multiple perspectives on a topic will rule out that first person's biased advise, whether it was intentional or not. For example, you might be thinking about playing football (American Football) in high school, but one person begins to change your mind because they start giving you a whole bunch of one-sided, exaggerated stories about injuries caused by football, simply because they don't like the sport. Although you agree that the sport can be dangerous, you decide to get some different views on it. You go and talk to the head coach of the team, and he tells you that these injuries can be easily avoided with proper technique, mature decisions, rather than recklessness. You go to your parents as one final source of advice, knowing that they'll be neutral and unbiased. Upon receiving all of this advice, you can then make a well-informed decision on what and what not to do because you can detect the bias in the advice, now that it would act as an outlier in a larger collection.

Multiple different perspectives on an issue or problem can be combined to build a stronger, more effective and efficient solution. This is not to say that all individual solutions are completely ineffective and useless on their own, but rather to say that when they do come up short on their own, they can be combined to generate a better, more effective solution. Take the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s as an example. There were many influential activists such as Martin Luther King Jr., Malcolm X, and John Lewis that provided efficient, nonviolent solutions to try and end the racist descrimination that had held them down for so many centuries. These ideas were combined and formed the Civil Rights Movement that, after 14 years, resulted in success. Another example of such combination would be the millions of people working against global warming. Many people and organizations are starting to bring their ideas and perspectives together to combat what is turning out to be, arguably, one of the most important issues that humanity has ever faced. No matter how good the solution is, no one solution could solve a problem of such a magnitude.

Rather, a large chain of solutions cooperating with each other would be needed. This is because the reason the issue has grown to such a large size is because it is made up of many smaller issues.

Diversity in perspective is greatly important because it gives you multiple solutions to a problem, eliminates the bias of a few people, and can be combined to former a stronger, more effective solution. If one was to only take one proposed solution, they may be left stranded if that solution doesn't work with no secondary option to fall back upon. Furthermore, there are often biased advice-givers who can mislead someone looking for genuine advice. Getting a larger amount of perspectives will push that outlying bias to the surface and allow you to avoid it. On the other hand, some strategies may not be effective enough or simply ineffective on their own, but can form a better solution when combined with each other. All in all, advice is always more useful in a greater collection size, rather than coming from just one source that may or may not be biased. "The more the merrier."