I believe that driverless cars are a good thing sometimes. They help out with mutiple reasons while being on the road. They also could have a negative affect on society just like in the late 1950's.

"In the late 1950's, General Motors created a concept car that could run on a special track. The track was embedded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a reciever on the front end of the car. Engineers at Berkeley tried something similar, but they used magnets with alternating polarity. The car read the positive and negative polarity as messages in binary code. These smart-road systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads"(3). Just because they wanted to try and make something different it had a negative impact on them because they had to pay to fix all the other roads so they all can do the same thing. On the other hand, driverless cars would be a good idea because its just like a normal person driving and its secured. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires"(7). The car is basically driving itself, it just alerts the driver when there is like road construction ahead or something. The car also has many other options to alert the driver like flashing lights on the windshield,and heads-up displays that can be turned off when the driver is ready to take action of the wheel. They're considering putting cameras in the car to make sure th actual driver is srtaying alert at all times. "We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way"(8). They want to make driving fun and also keep it safe. Whether the driver falls asleep behind the wheel or not the driverless car has multiple alerts to wake them up. The driverless car might not be a good idea because " Even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault---the driver or the manufacturer?"(9). So if someone gets into an accident with this driverless car there really isnt anyone to blame this on so the business with have to take the blame. Then if they get in trouble then the business might have to close down because their product isnt as safe as they thought it was.

In conclusion, driverless cars can have a postive and negavtive affect on people and society. Whether its individual people or scociety as in a company/ business.       