Have you ever wondered how extracurricular activities can benefit you? There are a variety of activities that can keep you busy and help you learn a few life skills. Students should participate in extracurricular activities because, they can learn to cooperate with others, be interested in something they didn't know about, and improve their social skills.

Extracurricular activities can help students learn to cooperate with one another. When on a team, teammates work together to achieve good results. In my opinion, it is easier to get good results when you work with others. Cooperation can also help us be better decision makers. When you work with others, you have the ability to discuss your thoughts to make a final decision. Cooperation is a good life skill to have for the future. You might work with co-workers, or you might have to cooperate with customers. Overall, cooperation is important in many ways and extracurricular activities can help you gain that life skill.

There are many benefits to trying new things. With the amount of things you can try, you can form hobbies that can keep you busy. Hobbies can unlock talents you never knew you had and can also bring up self confidence. You are likely to meet new people with similar likes and dislikes. Making new relationships can make extracurricular activities more enjoyable. If you continue doing a certain activity, you can most likely find a job that involves a form of that activity. Knowing what you enjoy doing, you can make future decisions easier such as, what collages you want to apply for. In conclusion, trying new things can make you do your best and expand your interests.

However, some may say extracurricular activities are a waste of time and money. Some activities might require fees and time after school. But it is not a waste of time and money because, you can improve many life skills such as, social skills. Some people might be shy and not very social, but when you meet others who have been in your situation, you can open up and discuss your opinions. Being social is a big part of team work because you need to communicate and agree.

Students should be involved in extracurricular activities because, they can learn to work with others, try new things, and be more socially active. Extracurricular activities can benefit students in many ways. Most activities take a lot of work and energy but all of it can benefit you in the future. 