Dear Principal,

I think students should be allowed to have their cell phones in school for many different reasons.

There's many reasons for students to NOT bring their cell phone to school. They might lose it, it can disrupt class, it can distract students from their work, and many more reasons. But there's also reasons you should bring it to school.

To start off, let's say you did a HUGE project for English. Like a ten page essay. You did all of your homework, no problem. But then you get to school and you realize that you left it on the counter! How bad would that be? Well no problem, if you have English first, your teacher might be nice and she'll let you turn it in sometime during the day. Or if you have it last, make sure you somehow get it to school before class. So what do you do? The easiest thing to do is call or text your mom or dad asking them to bring in that project. Since it is the biggest project of the year, they will probably agree and drop it off at school. The best thing to do though is to make sure you have your stuff for school BEFORE you leave. That's what people will mainly do if they have their phone in school.

For another example, let's say your football practice was cancelled. Instead of standing outside for an hour or two waiting for your mom to pick you up, you can take out your cell phone and call your mom telling her practice was cancelled. She could then come and pick you up. That's another big thing cell phones are used for in school.

One of the less common ones that happen during school is emergencies. Let's say there's a bomb threat. They have no idea where the bomb is, or where it could possibly be, so they move all the students and teachers to another building, or they wait outside. That would be a bad situation if you weren't allowed to have your cell phone. You could easily call or text your mom asking to come pick you up (if the school allows it, that is) and that conflict would be resolved while you're not there, and not in danger. The only reason that would be a problem is that when the police are on their way to investigate, they would have a hard time getting into the school while the parents are on their way to go pick up their kid.

Those are the main reasons that students should have their cell phones at school. They should have it on them at all times, but have it off or silenced for most of the time. The only times they should really use it for non-school or emergency related purposes is during lunch or when the teachers allow you to use it.

So all in all, I'd go with Policy 1.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME