A Seagoing Cowboy's Journey

Imagine going to many sites that many people don't normally see and having mulitple adventures around the world. It is an unforrgetable experience that you don't want to miss. You should participate in the Seagoing Cowboys program becasue of the fun-filled games and freetime, helping the struggling individuals and families, and seeing the unquie sites.

First of all, having some freetime and playing some games onboard is simply a time to relax and enjoy the great experience. Many of you may say that the games don't matter. You just want to travel the world and save as much people as possible. Even though that may be true, I belive that the games benefit in many ways, like making new friends and just having some tine to relax. The cowboys and I have played baseball and volleyball in some empty holds where animals have been housed. Other things to do in your freetime could be reading, boxing, whittling, table-tennis, fencing, and so much more! It has helped me have a better time onboard.

Secondly, helping struggling individuals and families make you feel joyous inside. Some people may say that you don't want to help as many people and go enjoy the amazing sites and play games with fellow companions. And, helping people is really dangerous. But, I belive that if you do, it can make you a better person inside and out. And it doesn't just have to be people either; it can be animals too. Caring for the animals on the way to China kept me busy which was a good benefit because the trip to China took about a month. They had to be fed and watered two to three times a day. It helped me be more responsable and hard working. As for the struugling people, I helped people recover their food supplies, animals and more. The benefits were that same as those with the animals. The knowladge of helping someone or something is one of the best feelings in the world.

Lastly, touring the sites was the best thing for me to experience. Multiple people might say that they don't care about the sights and they just want to do something else. But, I believe that if I didn't see those wonderful sights, I wouldn't be determined or encouraged to finish my job as a Seagoing Cowboy. It was an unbeliveable opportunity for me and it will be for you. I was able to see Europe and China! Two things that were special to me were seeing the Acropolis in Greece and taking a gondola ride in Venice, Italy. In Italy, many of the streets are water, which made my experience to Italty even more exciting. On the way to China, I also marveled at the Panama Canal and toured an excavated castle in Crete.

In conclusion, you should participate in the Seagoing Cowboys program because of the fun-filled games and freetime, helping the struggling individuals and families, and finally, exploring the unquie and wonderful sights around the world. I am very grateful for the amazing opportunity and it made me more aware of people and their countire's needs. You should think about participating in the Seagoing Cowboys program today!         