When seeking advice, many people refer to a variety of people with different perspectives. There are three reasons that would explain people's tendency to ask for multiple opinions before making a final decision. When we seek advice from more than one person, we do so because it shows us different viewpoints on a matter, provides us with more clarity of what we aspire to achieve, and we know that different people will give better advice in certain situations than in others and we shouldn't rely too heavily on any one person for a matter that they might not be familiar with.

First of all, the fact that no two people will provide the same opinion is inevitable given the fact that everyone comes from a different background and is taught to handle things differently than someone else. If one asked someone's advice and did not take the time to seek a variety of different opinions, they could not be certain that the advice they are being provided is right for their particular situation or that it is relevant. For example, if one broke their mother's favorite lamp and asked their best friend what they should tell their mother, that person is making the mistake of relying on only one person to give them advice in a matter that could need more than one opinion, like their sibling's or their father's. Based on that example, someone could be given bad advice by one person therefore risking making a wrong decision, but with more than one opinion, that person can increase their chances of making the decision that is right for them. Of course, there is also the matter of simplicity and liking. In these cases, asking advice from one person is not likely to provide us with the simple answer we're looking for. Furthermore, anyone seeking advice has a higher chance of being satisfied with their options and their outcome if they ask for more than one person's guidance.

Next, asking for multiple people's advice gives a clearer perspective on what one should aim to achieve or do. If someone asked their parents where they should go to college, they are likely to be given a biased opinion based on which school their parents attended or where they want to see their child go to school, but if this person asks their teachers for an unbiased opinion, they can get a clearer idea of what they could achieve. Advice from only one person could result in the person seeking it being confused or making the wrong choice because of having only listened to one person when others could provide simpler advice. In brief, the main issue with asking the opinion of one person is that the person in need of counsel would end up misunderstanding the person who provided advice or doing something that one told them to do, not to help them succeed, but for the other's own pleasure. So, to make the right decision, it is wise to ask more than one person for advice.

Lastly, seeking the opinion of someone trusted or believable in most cases is not always likely to provide the right advice in other circumstances. As in most cases, some people are better at some things than others. For this reason, relying on one person for everything comes with disadvantages. For example, one person could be amazing in English, but terrible in math. The same thing applies to seeking advice or opinion, like if one always asked their religion teacher what they should do because they trust them to give them moral advice, but then one day they came to ask them how they should study for their upcoming science test, and the religion teacher couldn't provide good advice because they studied to become a religion teacher, not a science teacher. For these reasons, one must be able to determine how the different people they know could help them (or not help them) based on their situation.

In conclusion, one has the best chance of reaching their goal if they refer to more than one person when seeking advice. The reasons that support this are that we can access a wider variety of opinions and viewpoints, can clearly understand what it is we are trying to obtain or achieve, and we can ask different people with different strong suits for the advice we need according to our circumstances.