If you have ever been in a tough situation you would know getting help is one of the hardest things to do. Many people are scared or afraid to ask for help because they feel that they might be judged or picked on by others. Sometimes people ask for multiple opinions on their problem. The reason why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is because it helps you get the best possible answer, it gives you different points of view on the matter, and lastly there are people with more knowledge on the situation than others.

By asking for multiple opinions on a matter it can benefit you because it helps you make the best possible choice you can. The way I believe it benefits you to ask for multiple opinions is for example, if you are asking someone the best way to become better at football, the first person you ask might say go to the weight room three times a week, then the second person you ask might say to eat more healthy food and be a consistent runner, and lastly the third person says to go out on the football field and practice your throwing and catching two times a week. So with all the information you just received you can use it and make the best possible solution by working out three times a week, working on your throwing and catching two times a week and eating healthy and being a consistent runner.

The second way that I believe asking for multiple opinions can help you make the better choice is because you get different points of view on the matter. For example if you ask your friend "whats the best way to study for a test," your first friend may say to study before the test to get all the information in your head right before your about to take it, your second friend may say that he doesnt know the best way to study for a test, your third friend may say to pay attention in class and do every single homework. The way this benefits you is because now that you got three different opinions on your matter you can pick which one that you would like to do.

The third and final way that I believe asking for multiple opinions can help you best make the better choice is because people have more knowledge on different situations than others. For example if you ask your friend whats the best barbershop to go to in Virginia your first friend might have no clue but your second friend that you ask might give you a location to go to because he has more knowledge on the topic then your first friend. Different people have different knowledge on different topics so that way your friends might not always know the solution to your question but others may.

In conclusion if you ask for multiple opinions then you should have the best possible solution for your problem. There are many reasons to ask for multiple opinions when you need help. The reason why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is because it helps you get the best possible answer, it gives you different points of view on the matter, and lastly there are people with more knowledge on the situation than others. 