There has been a huge argument about driverless cars on whether to make them and actually continue with it or not. According to the article "Driverless cars are coming", ideas involving driverless cars have been thought of since the 1950s, but the cars have not been fully completed. For that reason, driverless cars should not continue to be developed. Having a car that does the same things you could kind of defeats the purpose of you being in the car at all, there is no point. The cars can be extremely dangerous. If you want to be safe, that means giving up things you might think you want.

Driverless cars should not continue being developed because there really is no point in have a car that can do all of the things you are able to do. It is said that driverless cars can operate fully on their own until certain times require otherwise, "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires" (paragraph 7). These cars can basically be categorized as kind of useless. Why have a car that will basically only drive straight until needing to turn? If there is ever a real driverless car created, it should meet all of the basic requirement such as knowing how to turn properly.

Another reason why driverless cars should no longer be created is because they could go horribly wrong while someone is driving. While driving, the driver will want to be able to rely on a car that will take them where they need to go. Driverless cars could be deemed unable to do this. While someone is driving, they do not want their car to break down nor do they want it to explode or anything like the other new devices coming out. There are others also agree, "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. As a result, in most states ist is illegal even to test computer-driven cars" (paragraph 9). Some states believe that by putting customers in the seats of these cars, they are putting them in serious danger. This is why some states have these driverlsess cars banned and illegal. If possible and badly wanted, everyone should follow along.

Driverless cars might seem very nice until serious things end up happening. They might allow the driver to take a break from driving, let the driver relax and see things without just driving for a long period of time, but they will not guarantee ones safety. If safety is wanted by everyone then driverless cars should be given up on. Also, maybe people actually like driving, they would not want to give up the amazing opprotunity of driving to a computer when they can do it themselves. Driverless cars should wait to be given to the public until fully complete.      