New Phone Policy for School

Cell phones have always been a problem at schools , even when they first came out. Policy 1 sounds like a particularly good idea because , one , students sometimes text during classes and school because they know they're not supposed to and doing so makes them feel like a rebel and like they have power. On the other hand , policy 2 would just eliminate the problem straight forward. making texting during a class impossible. Another thought , going back to policy 1 , is that if students could text during passing periods and lunch periods they may not have the need to want to text during class because they are being able to text during the school day.

Policy 1 has some good strong points , having students be able to text during free times of the day , but at the same time , what if they're texting someone to come and pick them up from school when really they just don't want to be there? Or they use it to get in contact with a friend to tell them that they're going to skip a class? And lastly what if there is a lockdown during the school day and the student's parents kept trying to call the student and their phone goes off when the terrorist is passing by the class?

Policy 2 has a lot of good strong points , students wouldn't be texting in classes , and could focus in class and learn , they wouldn't be able to call someone to pick them up when they're perfectly fine , and phone theft or loss wouldn't be a problem at all. But there are some weak points to this policy also. Students who walk home wouldn't be able to get in contact with a parent if something happens to them after school , or what if something happens to a parent after school ,they wouldn't be able to get in contact with the student.

Both of these policies are very good policies , but I'd have to go with policy 2 , because it just makes more since and eliminates more problems that would affect the student's ability to learn. Policy 1 would just throw in more curve balls for the students want to learn , while policy 2 would put the students in check.      