Throughout the span of a student's 3 month summer break, it is inevitable that their acquired knowledge from the previous school year will gradually decline due to the sudden ceasing of education for this period of time. Many teachers, however, believe that it is crucial for a student to continue their studies throughout the summer break in the form of a project that will allow the student to apply their knowledge through hands-on means. However, in order to ensure that a student gains the most benefit from this summer project experience, it is only reasonable that the student design the entirety of the project because it allows them to be more engaged in it, it builds and improves a student's creativity, and it allows a teacher to understand the mind of a student and his or her preferences after a full year of solely teacher-based tests, assignments, and projects.

The mind of a student is an interesting place, and it seems as if they favor self authority rather than an authoritative figure controlling and molding them to see their own way and not the way of the student. This is also observed throughout infancy and early childhood; people of this age take a liking towards having something done their own way rather than strictly obeying a parent or guardian. Likewise, a student prefers to mold and shape their own experiment or project rather than being coerced to attend to the wants of a teacher. This notion is based on the simple fact that one favors their own choices, as this initiates a sense of freedom in a person. If a summer project assigned to a student is based on the preferences and views of a student, the student has the ability to adjust the assignment in accordance with what they want, and this allows for a higher degree of engagement in a student. For example, if a student has an interest towards environmental science and a strong dislike towards US history, a teacher-given summer project that revolves around US history and is based strictly on the teacher's guidelines is ineffective due to the fact that the student would not show a high level of interest for that teacher-based project. As a result, the student wouldn't feel the need to perform his best on the project due to his disinterest. However, if the student were to have a voice in the choosing of a project based on environmental science, the student would transfer his passion of the subject onto the project and perform his best due to his engagement in the topic of the project and the lack of control and authority given to the teacher in this case. Therefore, a student-designed project results in more engagement from the student.

One of the most striking, intriguing characteristics of a person is that of creativity. The human mind is capable of doing wonders that are unfathomable to some; however, this can only be achieved through exhibiting one's creativity. A summer project designed by a student opens many doors and directions to take; from an informative poster to a vivid animation, the possibilities are endless. These array of options force a student to utilize their creative potential. Moreover, a student-based project allows one to 'think outside the box', meaning that they are able to create a project that exceeds the standards and expectations of a teacher. Through these various options at the hands of a student, the high level of creativity has the potential to transfer onto numerous other skills and positively influence them. At an early age, it is vital to utilize creativity to the best of one's ability, as this skill will benefit a student later in their life when an occupation or professor expects that student to exemplify their creativity.

Throughout the entirety of the school year, the manner by which each test, assignment, and project is created is solely in the hands of a teacher. In other words, students do not have the ability to shift or change the perspective of a teacher and what the teacher prefers. However, a student-designed summer project is the one opportunity for a student to exhibit their power and allow a student to influence the manner by which the project is done. After a difficult, enduring school year, it is only reasonable that the student has the power to create their own means of work rather than sticking to the teacher handing out the project with strict guidelines and restrictions.

Furthermore, this opportunity for a student allows the teacher to examine the potential of a student after the school year, including the student's creativity, intelligence, and ability to create a successful project when the outcome of the project relies on the student rather than the teacher. All in all, this one opportunity for a student to play the role of a teacher is beneficial and something that should be taken advantage of.

In today's day and age, school systems around the country have shown interest towards a summer project. However, merely implementing a summer project is not enough; it is important to take into consideration the benefits of a student-designed project and allow the student to have control over an assignment rather than the teacher. This small step of changing a teacher-based project into a student-based project will result in a large step in the future of education and the success of students.