"Are you joking me? I barely have enough time to do my homework and study, now I have to do an extracurricular activity? I can't do this anymore, I have to give up."

I have to give up.

Those words could be said by any student. Giving up is something I'm sure no teacher or principal would ever want their student to do; however, since now that you have to take another activity, it is very possible that it will be said and done. We should not be forced to have an extracurricular activity because it prevents choice, gives more stress, and it has the potential to make students stop trying to learn and quitting.

When it comes to me, I think everyone should have freedom of choice or opinion. No one should be limited to either of them. Forcing students to have an extracurricular activity is directly violating the freedom of choice that I always believe in. Let's say for instance a student does not want to take a sport or a activity because he/she always goes to a friends house after school for homework or that they just don't want to do it. Well now, he/she is denied of that choice because he/she is forced to take a sport or a job in the school. Just from forcing to play a sport or having to something for the school, all kinds of situations could erupt that aren't good at all. The right to have a choice is very important and we shouldn't be denied of that. That's why we should not be forced to have an extracurricular activity.

You might not think it but no one wants to have stress. Not even people that say they want to have stress. Some students have a very tight schedule and can't add anything else to it. Their day is filled to the brim with things to do and it is stressful enough already. Giving that, imagine how stressful they would get when the principal said that they had to do an extracurricular activity and they had no choice. It would be like a death sentence to them. I got a lot of stress too back then, and it was not pretty. Worrying and being desperate are not things I would want other students or me to experience. Having to have an activity to do for school is a breeze for some students; to others though, it could be quite the opposite. Forcing students to have an extracurricular activity has a negative effect instead of a positive one on students.

Quitting is not an option

-unknown.

Well, it could be now for Generic_School. Students are like houses. Let's say each wall for the student is like a thing in their life.

Amount of fun, learning, homework, stress, etc. You have to put an equal amount of material and size into it. You can't add too much to one side or too small to the other. If so, the house would break down and in other words, the student will also break down. Let's now say a student named Generic_Name was on the brink of collapsing for his house. He was managing well enough to keep it intact and he didn't have time for an activity. Now that the principal of the student forces all students to take an extracurricular activity, what do you think would happen to his house? I would know. His house would break down; Therefore, Generic_Name could not handle it anymore and gave up. Like I said before, no teacher or principal would want their student to quit so forcing to have an extracurricular activity on students would not end up well at all.

I believe that everyone should have a right to choose what they want.

In school and everywhere. Giving up though, should not be a choice. Whether its having to play a sport for school, working on a job, whatever it is. We should not be forced to have an extracurricular activity because it prevents choice, gives more stress, and it has the potential to make students stop trying to learn and give up. A little thing, like needing to participate in a school activity, could and can have a big impact on us people.