Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Schools are becoming more technological by using technology as a way for students to learn. Online or video conferencing to could be a excellent idea for these reasons students can be under the whether, more practice on a subject, and there could be no way to get to school.

Firstly, online or video conferencing classes is a good idea is because a student could be under the whether. Many students get sick and don't come to school,so they miss a lot of work. With online classes a student can do their work from home and when they go to school they would be all caught up. For example, I used to miss a lot of days at school because I was sick. When I came back to school I was confused on what was going on in class, so if there were an online class it would have really help me out. Online classes or video conferencing could help if you had to be in the hospital for a few days you could still catch up on all your school work.

Secondly, online or video conferencing classes is a good idea is because a student could get more practice on a subject that he or she was struggling on. Many students are struggling on a subject and just don't ask for help. With online or video conferencing classes could get more one on one time with the teacher for help. For example, I need help with math and can't stay after school to get help because I ride the bus. I could use video conferencing to get the teacher help.

Thirdly, online or video conferencing is a good idea is because a student may not have a way to get to school. Many students ride the bus because their parents can't take them to school. For example, I wake up late and miss the bus instead of stress out over this I could get on the video conference with my class. I see why some people may say online or video conferencing classes is a bad idea, but this why they are wrong because the classes help students learn more productively.

In conclusion, online or video conferencing classes is terrific idea because a student can be sick, allows for students to have more practice, and it allows students to get work done if they don't have a way to school. By allowing online or video conferencing students won't feel left behind when returning to school from an absent. Also by allowing online or video conferencing there would be a spike in test grades because students would extra practice with the teacher.