Hands Free Law

Losing the privilege to drive can be upsetting, all the work that's put in just to get the privilege to drive. Driving is a privilege that we earn and lose, this essay discusses the ways to lose and keep the privilege to drive. There are multiple ways to lose the privilege of driving but one way is by using a electronic device while behind the wheel. Most people believe that drivers should not be able to use cell phones,texting,etc. while operating a vehicle.

Driving while talking on the phone can get others and the driver hurt. One example could be hydroplaning. Hydroplaning is caused by traction and sliding on a film of water. Using one hand for driving and the other hand for the phone while it's raining is a creation of an accident and getting the privilege to drive taken away. Your driving privileges would be taken away because the driver has a phone in their hand and it's not allowed to have a phone in the vision of the driver behind the wheel.

Another example would be of course texting and driving because once again there is a phone in the hand of the driver instead of both hands on the wheel and no one paying attention to the road. This could lead to an accident because many drivers don't know where they're going and the car could lose control. Driving with a device in your hand is a distraction because your attention should be focusing on your surroundings and the vehicles on the road.

To keep from getting hurt and jeopardizing your life and the life of others,drivers should follow the Hands Free Law. The Hands Free Law is a proposed driving law that states that a driver shall not "record or broadcast a video" on any mobile phones, iPads, computers or touching any part of their bodies while operating a vehicle. Even with the Hands Free technology, drivers are not allowed to write, read, or send any messages or emails, but voice to text is allowed. Voice to text is a form of speech synthesis that converts text into spoken voice output or when the speaker can speak into their device and it translates their words into a text so that the speaker is able to answer the text message or any other important subject.

Driving is a privilege. Responsible drivers should always pay attention to the road and other drivers. Cell phones should always be out of the drivers hand so they may maneuver the steering wheel and not drive reckless. Drivers need to remember that driving is a privilege and that it can easily be taken away from you.       