Can asking for advice boost people's knowledge about a situation? People want to make good choices to situations, and not regret it. Sometimes, not everyone makes the best choices to their problems. When people do not know a way to help their situation, people do not make the right choices to their situations. Which is why people ask for different opinions, from different people to help the problem. It can help boost their knowledge on various situations, and make better life choices. Asking advice from multiple people can help people's problem, and get different points of views.

One way seeking multiple opinions from people can help is by solving people's problem. Not all people can solve their own problems without seeking help from other people. Since situations can be complicated, people can hit a road block by not knowing how to solve their own problems. For example, it can be a life choice on picking what job to pursue later in life, or it can be a family situation. Sometimes other people have dealt with the same situation, and know how it feels to be in it. Some people might be experts to a situation, or know the best way to solving a problem. Getting people's opinion to make a better choice can help people, for further instances from happening, and can help with having an idea to make a non-regrettable, better choice. To summarize, having multiple opinions from others can help solve a problem to make a great choice.

Another way seeking multiple opinions from other people can help make better choices is by getting different points of views. Everyone has their own views on different situations, or topic based on people's past experiences. When people do use an opinion that has been suggested, it sheds a new light to a view people do not think of. The different way can probably benefit people with making the greater choice, and can be faster, or a more efficient way towards a better decision in a problem. Also, seeing another opinion on an situation to make a better decision can help see what could happen. Specifically, if people want to compare one opinion from another to see if one might be more beneficial than the others. People's different points of views on a problem can help next time when people come across the same, or similar situation to help make a more great choice. To conclude, having multiple opinions from others can help make a better choice by having different views from different people.

All in all, asking for advice from multiple people to make better decisions can help benefit people's problem, and get different points of views. By helping others with people's different opinions, it can help make a more great choice than without getting help from other people. Having a choice someone has made without seeking advice from others might not be the best choice because people would not have known what else to have done in the situation, or it would be a choice people would regret. After having people's points of views, people might see another side to solving a problem to making a better decision. Maybe one day not having a chance to getting opinions to a situation will be the last time people will come across the problem. 