Personally, I believe that there are many advantages to limiting usage of a motor vehicle. There would be less air pollution, quicker public transportation, and more social contact.

Firstly, as stated in almost every article the main goal of stopping people from driving their cars was that their was too much air pollution going on throughout these cities. There was a near-record days of pollution which made some cities in Europe decide the make partial laws to restrict people from using their cars all the time. Personally I think that is a great idea to stop people from driving cars. People not driving cars all the time benefits everyone because the air pollution would eventually be hazardous to everyone leading to casualties and deaths.

Secondly, public transportation would be so much easier to get around with since there is barely traffic around. Could you imagine how easy it would be to get around using the bus or a taxi since there would be no traffic jams or accidents on the road. Of course since basically no one would have the accessability to cars there would be much more public transportation but i doubt it would amount up to how many single cars you see on the road.

Also, one articel stated that, Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." meaning that all this occured due to the dramatic change in everyone driving their cars. I believe that this happened as a social thing because of everyone is always alone in their motor vehicle driving past everyone without a word said, rather than walking past a person with a smile on your face and making face to face contact. Usually the parks and sports centers are getting all these people in there because everyone walking or biking would pass by a park and say that they would want to hang out there for a minute since they hadn't been before or just walk in it to check it out since its on the way.

In Conclusion this is what i think of the advantages of limiting car usage. I think its good for the environment, makes public transportation quicker, and makes people more social.    