Imagine that your best friend wants you to come to their late night birthday party, however your family wants you stay for their weekly movie night, who will you spend time with? Everyone will have to make an extremely tough decision in their life; they might go to a friend, companion, or a family member, to receive advice so he or she can make the correct choice. Asking various people for their opinion will help you choose the best option by learning the pros and cons of each side, identifying accurate information from false statements, and to view the perspective of each side.

First, when making a decision, you have to evaluate the positives and negatives of the choices you have. People tend look at either the brighter or darker aspects of a side and may neglect the other critical aspects of that side resulting in a unpleasant aftermath but if you take the time to review both sides you will have a more pleasant result. One side of the argument may have more positive outcomes than the opposing one, however measuring the amount of pros and cons a side has is not a good idea because even though a side may have more minor flaws the other side may have a single major flaw. Looking at the positives and negatives of a side is crucial for making the right the choice because generally everyone wants a positive or an outcome that is appealing to them, and the flaws help draw a fine line between what is better choice. As a result looking at the positives and negatives of your choices helps you make the right decision.

Second, when asking one person advice they may or may not provide accurate information or they might even fib in front of you so asking multiple students, teachers and friends will help you determine facts from lies. Some people may know information that others may not know, however groups of people may think a like and may give the same response when asking for their opinion and if some answer is constantly reoccurring then it is most likely true. People can be more biased than others so you can cut the parts of their opinion that has a information that is exaggerated by he or she and tie it other people's opinions to get more accurate responses. When scientist do experiments they do multiple trials and compare the results to get precise results; you can asking multiple people and jotting down notes to compare later similar to what scientist do will help you have better pin point evidence. Accurate information is important in making sure you receive proper evidence to making better choice.

Lastly, everyone is different; we all see and have a different perspective, asking multiple people helps anyone interpret the argument in a different way. Humans generally dont think the same, we may view topics, places, and people different, for example your friend may not like hockey, but your dad does like hockey; both sides have reasons why they might like or hate something or might choose one side but not the other. Looking at one side of an argument will only leave holes in your information, however when asking someone for their view point they can help fill in the missing evidence and change the way you might think about about the choices you have. A rock with two sides; the appearance of the front side of the rock is rusty, dirty, and broken down, however on the back side of the rock it is filled with divine, regal, and elegant looking crystals and the stone looks very shiny, clean, and transparent; a person may see the unpleasant side of the rock but they can change their perspective to see a magnificent jewel; people may see think and stick to their opinion however if they change their perspective they can see a whole different side to their choice, and opinion. Asking someone for their opinion helps anyone view all aspects of many other peoples' opinion; to lead he or she into making a better choice.

Communicating with your peers will help you learn the positives and negatives of each side, clarify precise evidence from misleading information, and see the point of view from other people around you. So if you ever have a tough decision to make ask your friends, brothers, and sisters for their opinion. I decided to go to my friends late night birthday party and to bring my family as well.