A life without Cars. A life without cars would be a completely different than what most Americans expeirence today. We use Cars for basically everything. Shopping, Recreation, and socialization are all based upon the automobile. As Americans, its the general idea that you go get your license and a car, and its a normal part of life. Not many Cities are based upon the ideals of not needing a vehicle. Places where people can walk to the place they want to eat, or efficent public transportation so they can arrive at the movies on time. Everything they need as components of their lives in in reach.

A smart town is compact, meaning everything you need for a town smushed together. With everything being compacted, resources can be better managed, meaning more resources can be used in a general thing, or just not used at all. Not needing to use enourmous amounts of resources is better for the enviroment, and the tax payer. Tax payer not having the burden of all those taxes, means a happier tax payer. All the money thats not used on on taxes can be used to spend at the local stores, leading to a strong economic outlook. All because we compacted our cities, and limited car use. That's an ideal city to me. Making a compact city might not be in America's future though. We like our wide open spaces, and our huge backyards. So maybe what we need to do is invest in a reliable and smooth public transportation complex. Something that can take the population around the area. Transportation that can get me from my place of residence; to a place where I can get a bite, or have a good time. A intertwined suburban existence. Where there are no engine pollution or loud car commotion.

Without all the engine pollution or noise pollution that comes out of these ideal suburbs; people will be less stressed. Meaning their lives will also be happier and healthier. Imagine it. All because we changed the way we do things, we can be happy, and eliminate pollution. I could see myself waking up in the morning in a nice little home, and getting ready. Then going down the street to where I can take a bus, or taxi wherever I wanted. I would do what I want, and not need a car for it. I can focus on what's really important.

Like how much pollution we were really letting off from our cars. Different settings had different levels of pollution, but it all leads up to be a ridiculous amount. If we limited our car use; we could make a big difference in the amount of greenhouse gases we throw up into our air. Meaning we'll have cleaner air. Can you smell that? Thats the smell of crisp clean air. There's nothing like taking a breath of air out in the wilderness. Where the trees absorbs the contaminated air; only leaving the crisp refreshing air behind. That could be everywhere if we limited car use!

A life where it's normal to not have a vehicle in Amerian Society sounds like it would be pretty nice. I would love being able to take a bus or even walk to something interesting. Maybe it's in our future. It may even be right now. Are you willing to try to give up your car? Are you willing to try to have a social revolution and change the way Americans live their lives? I thought so.    