Dear Senator,

The Electoral College was created many, many years ago in the Constitution by our founding fathers, and now it is finally its time to retire. The Electoral College should be taken away and replaced by election by popular vote, in order to determine the president of the United States. The Electoral college should be abolished, because citizens are not correctly represented, and states are not treated fairly in this process. The United States strives to be a place of freedom and equality, but we as a country can not achieve this goals with this proccess in place.

The United States of America, is all about people protecting their rights, but how can that be if citizens are not even allowed to represent themselves with thier own votes. According to the Office of the Federal Register's article,"What is the Electoral College?,"you help choose your state's electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors." Which means that our votes just choose people to represent our state and vote for us. So whats the whole point of voting in the first place? Is it just to make citizens feel like they are actually choosing the president. This proccess would not be a problem if the electors actually represented us correctly. According to,"The Indefensible Electoral College:Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong," by Bradford Plumer, "in 2000...Al Gore... won the popular vote but lost the presidencey," because of the electoral college. Plumer went on to quote a Gallop poll recorded after Al Gore lost which reported," over 60 percent of voters would perfer a direct election to kind we have now." Thats over half of the people voting! But the incident with Al Gore was not the only one, also according to Bradford Plumer's article," in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy." In other words, they were trying to cheat and make sure the out come of the vote was what they wanted. People may argue that there have only been few instances of the Electoral College making mistakes, but how many more mistakes are they going to make in the future. Will there be so many, that our entire political system becomes corrupt. The citizens of the United States should be allowed to represent themselves with their own vote, and choose their own leaders.

How can the U.S. strive for equality, if states are not treated fairly through the process of the electoral college? The Electoral College process, is a winner-takes-all system, because of this, candidates spend their time only focused on specific states. States that are most populated, or that they think will be a "swing" state, basically any state that has a specific insterest to them and that will help their campaign. According to,"The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong," written by Bradford Plumer,"during the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all." This is a result of the faulty system, how are people suppossed to know who they want to vote for, if candidates won't even take the time to make a pitch to them? If the United States really wants equality, they need to start by having a equal state voting process.

At the end of it all, the Electoral College should be abolished because citizens are not correctly represented, and states are treated unfairly in the process. Help the United States continue to reach its goal of freedom and equality by abolishing the Electoral College.

Sincerely,

United States Citizen.    