When presented with the right summer projects, students are presented with a variety of different ways to learn and acheive. Although it may seem smarter to allow the teachers to design this project, the responsibility to create and engaging and challenging project should be placed on the indivual student.

All students have unique and varied intersts which can be projected onto their projects. Some students may be interested in medicine, while others in sports. If students are given the opportunity to create their own project they are much more likely to put their efforts into a field that they find interesting. Ontop of this, the students creativity will also begin to rise, forcing them to create a unique project that indulges into a field of their choice. Each student would be forced to take intitiatve and create a suffiect project, helping create responsibiltiy and individuality in students. It is extremely important for students to explore different felds they might be interested in as early in their life as possible. This way they can figure out what path in life is best for them as a person and continue to build upon that with their summer project every year. Also, the characterists these projects help build in the students are extremely important in helping them become young men and women in the real world. Characteristics like creativity and responsibility will help these students prosper throughout their early years of education and even into college and beyond. Teacher produed projects will only make the students work as robots and will not help foster their interests and these great qualities.

Another reason it is crucial for students to create their own project is because it is impossible for teachers to create unique projets for each indivudal students, leading to a general project that can be completed by every student. Teachers can only try their best to make a project that is fitting for all their students; and ontop of this, teachers may not even know the interests of all of her students. If creating the project is forced upon them, it will only lead to a lackluster project that some students may breaze through, and others struggle with. Offering the students the freedom to create their own project allows teachers to focus on what most important, teaching the curriculum. Students can also be forced to check their project designs with their teacher. This way teachers know what each student is hoping to acheive, and can make sure that it meets the required level of rigor for each individual student.

Student-designed projects could allow teachers more time to focus on their curriculum and even provide them with better ways to encourage their students to study what they love.

Student designed projects allow students to learn to develop themselves and their interests, while also allowing teachers to get to know their students and spend more time on classroom learning; for these reason it is much more beneficial for students to begin creating their own projects. 