In the past years companys have been working for and settings goals that would allow us to have driverless cars. Cars that drive themselves, seems like a dream. But haveing driverless cars wouldnt be all good. They are dangerous, the allow for people to become less alert while driving, and lets be real computer tech does fail. And what about accidents? Who is to balme for those. Driverless cars may seem like a dream but in reality they will just end up becomeing a nigthtmare.

A main problem with driverless cars is the failer with computer tech. Say there is a network crash, what will happen there. Thousands or Millions of cars will fail and how many people will die because of that. And like the artical said dirvers wil still have to be alert when driving because they arent complety driver free, the driver must be ready to take over at any point so truly there is no point. Companies should be working to make cars safer and install warning systems that will allow the driver to see things coming. And another problem, the cars would be run by computers and computers are hackable. Anyone who wanted to hurt a large amout of people would have yet another way to do it. Hack the system and kill with even more ease.

Like the essay said "who would be at fault?" Who can we hold reponsible for a computers mistake? As a human race we need justice, it is how we are programmed to work. So who will we make take reposiblilty, is it the owner of the driverless car or the company? What if a person who dosent have a driverless car hits someone with one? How will a driverless car predict that? A human driver dosent communicte through a computer, the computer will have no way of knowing. Seems like an easy solution though, just have everyone get a driverless car, But how much will that cost? What about families that can barly afford their used 1998 model, let alone a driverless car.

In the end driverless cars are going to be more trouble then they are worth. How can we even think about spendign so mucg money on something that is going to hurt us rather then help us. Humans are capable of driving themselves so why do we need to find yet another way of "taking the easy way out". Cars are computers and computers do fail, we dont have a good way of setting up faults and over all it is just not realistic.        