Just think of all of the amazing things you could see and experience being a seagoing cowboy. Everyone should become a sea going cowboy. Theese three reasons are why: Everyone would get to see/ go to amazing places, the seagoing cowboys would get to help people in need that were affected by World War ll, and you would get to help care for the animals on board the boat. This essay will explain why everyone should be a seagoing cowboy.

The first reason that everyone should be a seagoing cowboy is because you will get to see/ experience amazing things and places. In the story A Cowboy Who Rode the Waves Luke, the main character, said he went to places like Europe, China, Greece, Venice, Italy, and the Panama Canal! Who would not want to go there?

The second reason everone should become a seagoing cowboy is because the goal of the seagoing cowboys is to help people that have been affected by World War ll. Just think about how much that would mean to the people that the seagoing cowboys are helping and there family. To have lost everything, but the seagoing cowboys helped those people back to a good life.

The third reason everyone should become a sea going cowboy is because they get to take care of the animals. If they need food, someone gives them food. If they need water,someone gives them water. If they get sick or hurt somehow, then someone needs to help get them healed, etc. If the seagoing cowboys are not going to help someone or see something they are on the boat taking care of the animals.

Everyone can/ should become a seagoing cowboy. They should become a sea going cowboy because theese three reasons: they get to see and experience meny amzing places like China, Europe, Greece, Venice, Italy, and the Panama Canal, but those are just a few. They are helping people that were affected by World War ll. They also get to take care of the animals on the boat! Just imagine this life, helping people that were affected by the war, taking care of animals, playing games and experiencing amazing places. What could be better?   