Dear Senator of Florida,

Though long-standing and "fair" to both citizens and Congress, the Electoral College is completely unnecessary and faulty. Election by popular vote is much more practical and leaves room for less errors. First off, the Electoral College warps the perception of voting, for when citizens vote, it is not directly for the president. Also, the Electoral College leaves many loopholes, which cause many issues and disputes.

To start off, the Electoral College does not allow citizens to vote directly, like a true democracy. This is unfair, unjust, outdated, and irrational. The natural right of a citizen should be to directly vote for something of a passionate matter. Controversies are everywhere, and citizens should be able to have a direct say in what is done. In

What Is the Electoral College?,

the Office of the Federal Register declares, "You help choose your state's electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors" (1.6). This seems quite indirect and faulty. Can the electors be trusted? We do not know - and we definitely do not want to find out. In

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

, Bradford Plumer says, "...according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore - thanks to the quirks of the electoral college - won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now" (2.9).

Moving on, the Electoral College also contains many loopholes in the system. It is very possible to have issues arise. Electors can become faithless, the number of electors for a certain state can be controversial, and legislatures can "defy the will of the people." In

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

, Bradford Plumer says, "Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John. F. Kennedy. (So that a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy)" (2.11). This unfortunate fact really shows how faulty the electoral college system really is. Do we really want so many loopholes when it comes to choosing the person who will run our country?

One may say that the electoral college has less disputes than that of just the popular vote. In

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president

, Richard A. Posner says, "A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible - it happened in 2000 - but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote" (3.18). However, this is untrue in my opinion. The Electoral College has already created so much controversy and dissension, along with faults and problems. For the well-being of our country, it would be best to simply get rid of the Electoral College alltogether.

Overall, the Electoral College should not exist - choosing the president should rely on simply the popular vote. The Electoral College is not a direct way for citizens to vote, which shows signs of America not being a true democracy. Also, the Electoral College has many loopholes that are sources of dispute and issues in America. To sum it up, this method of choosing the president, is irrational, unfair, unjust, and outdated. The Electoral College should be abolished.

Thank you for your time,

PROPER_NAME   