Phones & Driving

Today in this world people expect their cellphone to do everything for them when driving, I don't think cellphones should be used while operating a vehicle. Using a cellphone while driving or anything could cause you to have a car accident. Or somebody can lose their life because of something you did when it shouldn't have been done at all. Cell phones are a distraction to humans today because they're so stuck on their screen that they forget their driving. people should not be able to use their devices while driving because you are not focused on the road or your surroundings. you can also miss your turn or miss a light while looking at your device most people can't focus on two things at once, especially while driving it's a distraction.

There are a number of crashes due to the phone calls that are being held when driving.

Because of this people should have bluetooth so they can be able to answer the phone and be safe driving to. Many lives has been taken because of texting and driving or driving and being on the phone. Today people should not be able to use their phones because of the crashes and the lives taken. CellPhones has not been around for so long but they have become a part of our lives.

People are picking and choosing the wrong time to answer their phone and to text somebody back . Today people are so focused on what they can do at one time instead of focusing on the street and trying not to hurt themselves or somebody else .

Today people do not think about other people when using their cell phone they be so focused on keeping in touch with everyone and making themselves. People think it is so important to have a cellphone on them while driving when it is not safe. When you are taking your drivers test you learn not to take your eyes off the street when driving . Not only is having your phones out while driving is illegal it is very danguorse and not safe texting and being on the phone is learned when you first take your drivers test. If you get caught while using a cellphone you will get a warning and if they catch you again then you get a ticket .

Texting while driving is banned for people younger than 18 because us teens do not know how to keep our eyes on the road because we be in our phones and on social media. When we be in our phones we be distracted and not paying attention to the road we miss a light or we pass a stop sign . they should ban texting while driving but not having a cellphone while driving you need a phone on you because if you get into an accident you would need to call the police.

Texting while driving is a bad habit that most people have when their phone ding they think there supposed to reply back to a message when there actually putting there self in danger and the person behind ,front and the side of them.

In the conclusion people should make smarter decisions about what there going to do while driving. If your going to text and drive maybe you should not drive you should have somebody driving for you. All lives matter you shouldn't want to end someone else life because your making a dumb decision by having your phone out while driving. just like drinking and driving isnt safe texting a driving isnt either you shouldnt do neither. They made it illegal just because of these reasons you can crash you can kill somebody anything can happen when taking your eyes off the road         