Distance Learning

Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online, or video conferencing. But this is not the best option for children, here are some reasons why this is not beneficial for them.

Firstly, students who participate in distance learning will be less social than a student who attends a school with other students their age. For example, about a year ago my cousin went to her first job interview, she was nervous and was not used to having to talk to adults who were not her parents. She went to the interview but she did not get the job, I believe she lost this job opportunity because the fact that she was home schooled most of her life and was not around enough adults.

Secondly, distance learning could be less beneficial for a student because they are not around people of the same age. Some parents may say that distance learning is just fine for their child because they are around their siblings who are the same age as them. But that is not true, how a student talks and acts around their siblings may not be the same way they should talk and act around a class mate or someone in public. Public education could help them with that.

Thirdly, distance learning may be hard on students, especially if their parent or guardian is not always there to help them, as like a teacher would be. For example, everyone knows that parents and guardians have jobs just like everyone else, even if you are a stay at home parent, it could be difficult for you to be there to help your child with all the questions and problems they have because even a stay at home parent has things that need to be done around the house.

Students need to get out of the house and be in a learning environment around other students their age. This is why I believe distance learning is not as beneficial for students who go to school everyday. So, what is your opinion on distance learning after reading this paper, and would you make the decision to let your child attend distance learning or would they go to school with other students.          