Dear Principal,

The students at our school like to be on their cell phones.

If you were to let them use their phones during lunch and the free times it would cut back on how many kids get in trouble for talking or texting their friends.

Allowing the students to use their phones during free times might keep them more focused during class.

Being focused in class is a problem for many teens because of their cell phones.

They are too worried about what is going on outside of the classroom and not worried about what is on the board.

Letting the students use their phones during free periods and lunch would let them be more focused in class because they would know what was going on outside of school.

Students would also be less tempted to use their phones during class because they just got time to use them during their free period.

If the students aren't using their phones during class there is a better chance that they will be paying attention and using their time more wisely.

During a normal school day many kids get in trouble for using their phone in class or in the hallway.

Their phone would be taken up and they would have to go to the office and call their parents to come get the phone.

If the teenagers were allowed to use their phones during lunch and free times the number of kids in trouble would reduce by a great number.

they wouldn't be as tempted to use their phone in class and the teacher wouldn't have to worry about catching a teenager using their cell phone during the school day.

The kids wouldn't get in trouble and their parents wouldn't have to worry about their kid getting in trouble for using their phone during the day.

The students would also be happier because they have been trusted and given more freedom to use their cell phones.

In the end teenagers should be trusted to use their cell phones during free periods and lunch. It would make the working environment more pleasant and the students would pay attention and learn more.

Everyone would feel more accomplished and happier about the work effort and participation from the students.

Po