School is not always about learning in one specific building. It can be anywhere you wish, if you do only schooling. So many students deal with anxiety and that affects their grades. Working from home will give them a relaxing, comfortable space. When someone is familiar with a place they tend to focus easier. In a school building there are a lot of distractions, which takes focus away from a student's work. Not being at school can also be the leading issue for some students to fail classes. If they had an option to work at home it could save plenty of students and their grades. There are many benefits to working at home on school, but here are just a few.

Anxiety is an issue plenty of students suffer from in their day to day lives. It can cause students to focus on trivial things, like their clothes, makeup, hair, and handwriting. When the student woks from home it will help keep them from stressing over the little things. It would help them from over thinking on small issues that will not greatly impact the student. A form of anxiety is social anxiety, which is the fear of being social. Online school will help the student from worrying over socializing with their fellow peers.

Comfort is an important part of a students' life and mental health. School is stressful; with all the hustling of people. Online school would help the student to work in a place that they are familiar and feel safe in. They can choose the place that they work in. The feeling of control, from the fact that they choose where they work and what they work on, will give the student a relaxing and stress free environment. The relaxing will help the student to focus on their work and not get bad grades. A comfortable and relaxing enviremont is essential to some students.

When in a classroom there is a lot of commotion that goes on around the school. The distraction range from someone digging in their backpack to students screaming in the hallways. To certain students they can't just sit still and work. If they work at home it may help them from failing their classes. In an actual school you have field trips that you have to attend or drills that you must follow through with. These distractions take away from valuable class time.

Getting injured or sick is all a part of life. Plenty of students get sick and have to stay in the hospital and miss a lot of class time. The teachers will sometimes have work be sent to the student, but that doesn't give them what was taught. Online school would give them the chance of continuing their work and not fail. Some students get injured and need surgery. The issue with surgery is that majority of the time along recovery period is needed. The teachers will also have work be sent to them, but still won't help them a lot. Missing long period of school is not just associated with bad health, but can be from vacationing or moving a lot. Some students have parents who like to vacation fro long periods of times. The students loose important class time and it has a risk of them failing high school. Online school could help them stay on vacation, but have the chance to graduate. There are plenty of jobs that require a person to move a lot and sometimes the parents drag their kids along. The kids will have to continue to switch schools and they miss a lot of work and fall behind. Online school would make it be to where they don't miss school time.

In summary online school should always be offered. The reasons a student may have to online school will change, but they are valid and important reasons. The student who has anxiety can relax and pass their classes. The kids who is uncomfortable in a school environment can have a safe and familiar spot to learn in. The students who can never focus can have a distraction free place to learn. The students who are missing majority of the school year can now learn without the fear of failure. There are so many benefits behind online schooling.