The truth is that we are too dependent on using vehicles for transportation, we've invested our entire lives on them and now we've congested our communites and streets with them, growing mutually with their presence as they slowly but surely harm our environment, but if we limited the use of these vehicles, much good would come out of it as a result. People would benefit greatly if car usage was limited. Think of all the money people would save because they wouldn't have to spend so much on gas and maintence of their cars. Having a car is a privilege and a great responsibility, which means it's also stressful to have and care for one. In developed countries and cities, the streets are bustling with activity that comes with nothing but pollution and congestion, so only good can come out of limiting care usage.

When we think of automobiles we immediately consider factors such as money, maintenance, safety, and particularly for this case, emissions, and emissions have been an issue that causes much controversy and complaint throughout the community due to its toll on the environment and its inhabitants, and limiting car usage is the best solution to this problem. There has been a profound shift of thought during this day and age about how the environment is being negatively affected by emissions and how vehicles play a great role in it. The first source stated, "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." In places like Vauban, Germany, it's people have given up cars for the sake of the environment and the community, and although it's a small town, they've adjusted to the use of no cars and many of the locals say they enjoy the change. For example, Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two said, "When I had a car I was alaways tense. I'm much happier this way." This proves that limiting car use would not only help the environment but it would better the people as well.

If you look at the second source and notice what's going on in Paris with smog due to it's constant vehicle use, it further explains why car usage should be limited. "[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world." That

David Goldberg from the first source said, "All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change." We're too focused on innovation and discovering more efficient ways of transportation, but not any efficient environmental-friendly ways of transportation that the majority can afford.    