While reading the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," I'll admit that the idea of a driverless car was cool, but it concerns me about our upcoming future. As I got to the end of the reading my thoughts were more near the negtive side than the positive side. I mean the world today is and always will be coming up with newer things, but I personally feel that we are taking, "The sky is our only limit," a little too far.

In the artical, Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW project manager driver admits," We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way." Today almost everywhere you go, you happen to hear about people texting and driving, which produces the trama of an innocent life being taken away because of some little thing that distracts a majority of us today. How are we supposed to introduce this "fun new way of driving", when there are people who aren't even responsible to drive on the road the right way? Some may say, "Well that's another good reason for driverless cars!", but in reality, it's not.

Also a question that is stated in the artical is,"If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacture?" that question right there is also a major scare to a lot of us in society. On a day to day basis, we are dealing with wars in third world countries, people dying because of hunger, a new disease that can wipe out any country, and so many more things that an everyday individual doesn't even know about or think about. Introducing a driverless car, will only add to that stress and drama. Most people would say that it's another bad idea that car manucturers have pitched.

Finally I'd like to say, It may sound like I'm bashing this entire idea, but really I'm just thinking about it realistically. Another statement that supports my argument is that television and movies have long been fascinated with the cars that could drive themselves. Another projection that many could inturprut the wrong way, especially new drivers. Teens today see crazy things done in movies and/or television shows and go and say,"Well if that actor can do it, so can I!" If they see a driverless car, who knows what's going to happen.

In conclusion, driverless cars aren't the best idea. Throughout the entire artical there are roadblocks and warning signs that show, diverless cars are simpily a pleasure and not a neccesity. Therefore the idea of driverless cars isn't so great.               