Phones and Driving

Cell phones are all around the world. Driving is very common around the world too. Texting while driving is illegal in the United States. It is very dangerous. Even driving while on the phone is very dangerous. It can cause accidents. It can lead to death. Sometimes the after effect are worse. Some people may need their device as part of their profession. Using a device while driving shouldn't be allowed.

According to reports distracted driving is the number one cause of car collisions. The most distracting thing was cellphones. A person trying to send a text or answer his or her phone is the leading cause for car accidents. (https://seriousaccidents. com/legal-advice/top-causes-of-car-accidents/).

Deaths from car accidents caused by texting and driving are insane. There are about 3,500 deaths each year. In 2015 there was over 400,000 injuries from texting and driving. That is more than drunk driving. Pedestrians are killed more than vehicle operators. Nearly 6,000 pedestrians were killed by distracted drivers on their phones. (https://www. millerandzois. com/texting-driving-statistics. html).

The after effects of a car accidents is sometimes worse than the actual accident. Being injured cause stress. Sometimes people can't sleep at night because they get dreams and they don't want to relive that traumatic experience. The lack of sleep can cause more issues with health.

On the other hand using devices while you drive if it's your job is acceptable. Driving people around such as Uber and Lyft is an exception because you have to be on your phone for directions. Being a business owner or a lawyer is very difficult because you have to able to answer your phone.

Being on a device while operating a vehicle is very dangerous. You shouldn't do it. It can lead to death in worst scenario. It can be stressful to families and victims. Texting and driving the number one cause of death by accident. In some cases it is alright to use them, but you shouldn't be on them all the time.            