People in today's society practically depend on their cars to get them to and from work, to buy groceries for their families, and just for the purpose of getting out of the house. Although, with billions of people driving cars every single day, it has quite a negative effect on the environment. It is in our nature to think that without a car, you could not go anywhere or do anything for that matter. Recently, cities around the world have been banning the use of cars and charging citizens with fines if cars become in use. The reasoning for this is the increased amount of pollution that diesel fuel is causing. Thus, making it difficult to breathe, walk outside, and live our everyday life.

One major problem in the use of diesel fuel has been the pollutants in the air which lead to an extreme amount of smog. Recently, Paris has had more smog than any other European capital. They knew that something had to be done to stop this, so they started a new "car-free" law. This resulted in a fine of $31 for the citizens who used their cars. Soon after that law had become intact, almost 4,000 drivers were fined, and just about 27 people had their cars impounded that day for their reaction to the fine.

The United States of America had long been one of the world's most prime car cultures. It is the birthplace of some of the very first car models. A lot of big cities in the U.S have a huge amount of driving going on. For example, New York City, San Fransico, Miami, Los Angeles, ect. This is leaving the country with a large amount of pollutants in the atmosphere. After President Obama's ambitions to decrease the amount of diesel fuel use, recent studies have shown that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and are even having a decrease in the amount of licenses permited as each year passes. In 2013, the amount of miles driven per person was about 9 percent under the usual American peak. With the large amount of citizens living in this country and the number of people only rising, this small decrease has had a very positive effect on the environment.

With almost the entire world in on this new, "car-free" trend, people have been perfectly fine letting go of their cars and taking on the world just by foot. In the city of Vauban, Germany the citizens there would much rather pioneer their way through life than to own a car according to Heidrun Walter, who is a resident of Vauban. "I'm much happier this way." She claims. Back on the other side of Earth, people are becoming more and more encouraged to use plug-in cars, hybrids, and cars carrying 3 or more passengers. This decreases the amount of fuel being burned, and a happier and healthier environment for us all to live in.

In conclusion, I believe that the decrease in the amount of cars in use has recently had a very positive effect on our environment. This has all come to show that you don't always need a car to get where you want and to do the things that you need to do. Or, if you feel the need for a car that you can rely on a friend for carpooling or purchasing a plug-in car which are becoming much more popular and useful in today's society. Always remember to keep our environment happy and healthy, and always making each day better by putting the amount of diesel fuels burned by car use and the effects it has into consideration.             