Students,teachers,and parents are wondering if online or video conferencing calls are going to be the next big thing for schools near them. Theres an on going debate,about would students benefit from online schooling .Those who state online schooling is best state the students have more confidence ,more time to self and have less distractions ,but this is not true. Although some may disagree,students would not benefit from attending class at home.

There are various reasons why students may not benefit from attending class at home .Students who attend class at home may not get the same experience with there peers as to students who attends in the classroom .When a student is attending class from home they maybe unable to connect with a peer as they would in the classroom .Another reason a student wouldn't benefit is because they have not have the right equipment to succeed from home Every students parents may not be able to afford equipment for that class. Some students may have the equipment ,but it may not be the best to help to help the students succeed. For example, there are affordable wifi and laptops for students;however,it may lag or even run slow. That may cause a students to become frustrated and give up. Also, some students feel more comfortable with the teacher being present. Many students are more understanding of the work when being help and walk throughout the steps in person.

There are furthermore reasons why students would not benefit from working at home .When attending a class in person it can resemble a full time job .It trains students to be on time ,hardworking and good time management. When attending class from home students may not receive the dame habits. Students who attend class from home may wake up whenever they want to as long as they turn their assignment in on time .This may lead to bad time management and cause bad habits. When working from home a students may no learn everyday skill. Students who work in class developed skill such as problem solving ,learning to respect others,and learning how to be presentable when need be.

In conclusion , although some may disagree disagree students would not benefit from attending class at home. Students would benefit because they have less interaction with peers, may not have the right equipment,and also can lead to bad habits. Those who state students would benefit state they would be more confident,more time to self ,and less distractions, but this is not true. The classroom is a even ground for all students to help them selves succeed in school.        