I've heard a great deal of conspiracieshaving to deal with the so called 'face' we at NASA found on Mars in '76. However, I would like to put these conspiracies to an end. When Viking 1 took the photo in 1976, I will admit it came as a kind if shock to us, we all soon figured it was nothing more than a common Martian mesa. And that's exactly what the 'face' was a common Martian mesa. The 'face' is simply a natrural landform; couldn't be any type of alien artifacts due to the following reasons: keeping alien life a secret would benefit NASA whatsoever, it was found in an area where Martian mesas are common, and we have recently taken photos with high-resolution to show that there aren't any buildings or other formations that could've been made by intelligent life.

Now most of you conspiracy theorists won't belive it, but I will explain how I got to this conclusion. The picture was taken around Cydonia, which is an area on Mars that Martian mesas are common to find. We've taken many pictures of these mesas around Cydonia to come to this conclusion.

Another reason the face on Mars is in fact a natural landform, is NASA hiding the fact that there is intelligent lifeforms on Mars wouldn't benefit NASA in any possible way. Finding life in the outer depths of space would be a tremendous accomplishment for NASA. Us finding liforms from entirely different planet would answer the biggest question of them all: Are we the only planet with life? If we'd found proof that we weren't alone we'd gain more funding for our space programs. with more funding we'd be closer to discovering more of the most unexplored area we know of: Space.

Finally, we have proof that it's only just a Martian mesa. Images taken in 2001 shows that there are no structures that could've been made by any intelligent lifeform.

Although the picture taken by Viking 1 didn't show us proof of life on Mars it did show us just how magnificent our universe really is. The 'face' on Mars was simply a natural landform made by nature itself. We have enough credible evidence to make the conclusion that the face on Mars isn't an alien landmark. artifact, or any sort of alien markings. We at NASA hope to one day find proof of other lifeforms in the deeper depths of space, but until then we will let the public know as of now we won't hid any information, such as the possibility of lifeforms from the public. 