- In the passage "Driverless Cars are Coming," explains how Google cofounder Sergey Brin invented driverless cars for the future. I feel like the safest way to get around is cars with drivers in control. I say that because the passege says 'the car will send an alert to the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents,' but what roadblocks lie ahead for the autonomous car? - Most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe and I understand that but would we all be safe with a driverless car? I say no because if there's no driver there's no control and if this world didn't have contol it would be nothing but madness and we don't need that. These "driverless cars'' aren't safe that's why they're illegal to even test in California, Nevada, Florida, and the district of Columbia. Manufactures believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proved more reliably safe.- What if the car gets into an accident and you or someone else is injured? Would you think it's you fault or the manufacturer's fault? -Automakers are still continuing their work on the ''assumption'' that the problems ahead will be solved, but there shouldn't be no problems because they keep testing them right and said the cars can drive more than half a million miles without a crash so why should there be a problem? - The passage also says "new laws would have to be passed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident."

Laws are getting passed everyday like Gay marrage and legallizing marijuana but driverless cars are simply not safe at all and that is my final opinion. Even though the last paragraph of the passage says "Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time." I feel like that 90 percent is the percentage of danger the car will cause and the other 10 percent is the safest because the driver is in control. This is why I feel driverless cas shouldn't be released in the future.