Dear Senator,

I am here today to strongly persuade you to keep in favor of the Electoral College process. Why you ask? Well, the swing states process is when most voters pay attention to the campaign which makes the candide work harder in supporting their argument, and avoiding run-off elections where the election process is greatly complicated but which is avoided by the Electoral College process. This is why I strongly believe that you should keep the process of the Electoral College.

In the swing states process the candidates to focus their campain efforts on the toss-up states. Which makes voters most likely to pay close attention to the campaign and make them really want to know that they are going to decide on their elections. "They are likely to be the most thoughtful voters, on average (and for the further reason that they will have received the most information and attention from the candidates)" by, Richard A. Posner also states that the most thoughful voter should be the ones to decide the winner of the election.

Lastly, Avoiding run-off elections which is greatly pressured when no candidates wins the majority of the vast cast but is reduced by the Electoral College. Ya sure, It can be argued that this method of choosing the president can turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no intention of carrying their state but, is picked up by voters by paying attention to their campagn which is like the swing states process.

Furthermore, due to the swing states process is when most voters pay attention to the campaign and for the candidates to work harder at then making them wanting to here their argument. The Run-off elections process which is greatly pressured when no candidates wins the majority of the vast cast but is reduced by the Electoral College. Yes, Mr. Senator, I strongly infavor of keeping the Electoral College process because of these very important statements why and without it the voting process would be extremly  difficult.                    