Many people may have a cellphone and will need them for various things. Unfortunately, they may use them to an extent of every usage. There are certain things that can't (and actually SHOULDN'T) be done while using a phone. Because of this, people are obsessed with the things they usually do on their phones. However, there is a certain action that is most likely not advised when a phone is involved due to the end results that will occur.

Out of the millions of people who use their phones daily, a large amount people will do a usual activity with it while driving. Texting is the main problem that goes on when people drive because there will be full on conversations that will cause distracted driving to become of the driver. Literally hundreds or more of people have either ended up injured or died because of texting and driving. This is not the only problem phones will cause with driving, however. Unfortunately, there are more ways that phones will cause accidents with driving.

People will be having a hard time trying to talk to others in a phone call while either one or the latter would happen to be driving to where they need to be. Unless anybody can really hold their phone in one hand and steer the car with the other, the chances of dropping that phone and looking for it will result in accidents and/or death. Not just that can cause injuries because there are unintended calamities just from only looking from a song on the phone because the radio doesn't have enough songs. All these things may cause just a random person to swerve off the road and hit either an object or roadwork in progress, then have a busted car and body.

There are solutions, however, that prevent accidents and fatalities caused from the distraction of phones. Hands - free technology can allow drivers to use their phones without having to use the screen, but also keeps little interference from random calls because of the use of wireless connection and Bluetooth. Laws are also used to keep people from being occupied with their phones, only for the sole reason of to keep people safe and prevent fatalities. Stoplights may provide a temporary break, but they are or are not enough to have time for checking social media updates depending on traffic.

Countless amounts of people have been having accidents, so there have been efforts to stop distracted driving and texting by including laws and different ways to keep focused on the road. Too many people have been hurt just from using their phones when they're driving, even if it's unintentional. There may be a solution in the future that will help to lower the overall rate of accidents from distracted driving caused by use of phones.   