In the article "Making Mona Lisa smile" the author describes how a new technology Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions. I think this technology would not have much use in a classroom. There are so many emotions that go on in the human brain on a daily consistent basis, there is just no possible way that artificial intelligence could make an accurate reading on a student. For example humans are not these focus machines that only think about school work while they are doing it, a student could easily get side tracked and think about somthing else, whether it be a sad or happy emotion this could theoretically set off the Facial Coding System and give the student an inaccurate reading. Another real life example is, say a student is working on his math problems and the student totally gets the problems and it is a breeze, but say he gets sidetracked and thinks about something else earlier in the day that puzzled him, what if the Facial Coding system picked that up? It clearly would not give an accurate reading, hypothetically it would pick up the students confusion and move him onto another question. The problem with the Facial Coding Systerm is that it wouldn't be analyzing a perfect subject, what I mean by that is that humans clearly have error, what I mean by that is if the Facial Coding System were engaged on a student I feel like it would have a hard time getting an accurate reading on how the student is ACTUALLY doing on their school work. Not only would this system most likely be very inaccurate, but what about the cost of the Facial Coding System. Technology and artificial intelligence like this would be outrageously expensive, so not only would this system most likely be ineffective but it would also be very pricey, imagine the thousands of kids in each public school, then add the expense of the coding system on each of their computers, school funding may not even be enough to fund all of that let alone the students who would be paying for them, it is just not realistic at all. In conclusion I think that the Facial Action Coding System would be both an ineffective and expensive product that schools certainly could not utilize or benefit from it at all.