Many students around the world participate in online schooling. Some schools offer the option of attending distance learning through online and video conferences with teachers in order to help the students further their education in the topics they are learning. Taking classes through online and video conferences is not beneficial to students because of the distractions, the possible financial problems within the family, and the harm that can be done to other students and teachers.

Beginning with distractions, students taking online classes, through video or online conferences, would face many. When learning, students need very few distractions to fully understand what they are taking in. While at home however, the distractions are endless. For example: pets, siblings, family, and technology are all things that may get in the way of how a student may learn. Some parents may attempt to take away some of the distractions, while some may not even know to remove as many distractions as possible while their child learns.

In addition, taking this route while learning can lead to financial problems within the home. For younger students, parents would have to either stay home from work or hire someone to stay with their child. Along with childcare, parents would have to get their child the proper supplies needed for online schooling, even if they may not be able to afford it. Some parents who may have multiple children in the distance learning program, would have to provide each child with the necessary supplies such as computers or laptops.

As well as this process being financially draining for students and their families, students who physically attend school will be affected. Since teacher will have to make time for their online classes, the preparation and teaching for students in their other classes may not be prioritized as well as it should be. Some of the teachers, may not know how to teach the two separate classes at the same time, which may lead to prioritizing one class over the other. This would cause the students to limit their learning abilities no matter where they are learning. Teaching the the two classes may be overwhelming for the teacher, and if a balance cannot be found then all of their students learning may be harmed.

On the other hand, some students tend to work better when they are in their own space. They may feel comfortable knowing that the area around them is safe and personal. This can lead to better test scores and an increase in education. However, learning through online or video conferences will limit the students social skills. Due to the fact that they would be in a secluded area, students would not able to work on their communication skills, teamwork abilities, and more.

As a result, there is a reason many schools do not offer the option of learning at home through online and video conferencing. While some students may find this process productive and effective, others will not. Giving students this choice will not only distract them, financially drain their families, and harm other students, but it will also limit the students abilities to grown in the real world. 