Many schools have very fun activities that you can do after and/or during school. There are many different kinds that you might like, for example participating in sports or even be in the student council. Many people think that extracurricular activities are not going to be fun or are boring, but when you actually do it, it is much more fun than you would have expected. Principles and teachers should have a better job at making sure that kids at least try the activities. Principles should have their students participate in at leased one extracurricular activity because they can make new friends, learn new abilities or skills and they could help you get into schools that you might be interested in going to.

One of the reasons that the principle should making students do extracurricular activities is because you can make new friends and they will probably see a lot of new faces that they probably never saw before. People try many way to make friends but it doesn't always work. An easy way to make friends is to try different things and explore different activities. You could even meet a boy/girl at the activity that you think is cute and you get to know them and find that you have a lot in common. More principles shold think about doing extracurricular activities because people can make new friends and meet new people. By talking to new people that can open you up to more people and meeting them for the first time. You could meet some friends by participating in school events like a football game, go to a school show, or even just help out with the events. Thats not the only thing that you can do in activities. You can also learn things that you never knew or ever understood.

By doing an extracurricular activity you could learn new abilities or skills. To learn new skills you need to try something different, try something that you have never done before. Maybe you go to an activity your friend invited you to because he has no friends there. People always learn something new when they go to an activity that their friend invited them to. You could just go to an activity and find out something that you never knew or you could find something out that you never understood. Maybe you learned something that no one ever explained to you and you could find out that some extracurricular activities aren't that bad after all. Being in extracurricular activities isn't just learning new skills, it can help you get into a school that you would love to go to.

Being in an extracurricular activity can help you get into really good schools. If you want to get into a good school you should try some activities like being in the student council. Principles know this because they were once in you position and they know how it feels to try to make friends or learn knew skills. You could help out in school based activities like a football game or you could usher for a school play. Schools are looking for that kind of stuff. Principles know how it feel with all that pressure with school work and good grades, but they want you to do better than that. Being in an extracurricular activity might help you not only to rely on you school work to get into a good school but sice there are extracurricular activities, those can help you get into a better school too.

The only reason that principals make extracurricular acitities in to set you up for the best position possible to succed. I think that it is a good thing that principles make kids try at leased one activity because there is so much to life then just school work and going to a good school. By doing extracurricular acctivities it wil l help you so much in life because they can teach you problem solving and a bunch of other things. The main three reasons principles sould have students do extracurricular activities are that they can make new friends, learn new abilities or skills and they could help you get into schools that you might be interested in going to.