Students could benifit greatly from attending classes from home by having an electronic device that can get online access, teachers that are willing to give the right amount of educational information, and by students that are eager and engaged to learn can give them a positive mindset on learning online. Online education can become the best fit for students that have the opportunity to. If schools give student the authorization to take class courses at home and grow their span of knowledge.

Through an electronic device, that has access to the intermet, can allow students to take class courses online at the comfort of their own home. With the educational system being able to be reached by online services, students natural way of learning can be better inhanced by class websites on the internet. Finding a device such as a computer from your local library can give a student the information on topics and methods students can use to help study. Just as well as a computuer can give you access to courses online ,a student can with his or her cellular with the ease of going on Google, or Safari any search of any that a student is working on a website towards a subject can be reached.

By a teachers plan of the right way to help student get the best amount education, a student can take online class couses. The way a teacher explains topics online can lead to the students full engagement to the subject. online websites that have teachers giving lessons can help a students better learn and figure out certain equations, or questions that a student might have. As with being in a public school the teacher has multiple students to give a lecture and help , so the teacher has only a limit of time with a single student questions or concerns. When the teacher can be a help to a strudent by fun and new ways of learning, the students new knowledge can help them succeed.

Students attentiveness to learn can give the right mindset on taking online courses at home. When a students knowledge is put to use through test is more likely to pass when he or she has been paying close attention to course lectures have been taught. In public schools,

a teacher gives you a packect to write words to fill in and is going over it with the students they would have to study and could have students that can have the risk of loosing the packet, with online courses the packet can typed or given fully, and saved in a document folder where it can be accessed.

Students who are eager to learn, have access to online services, and teachers that help student in get new knowledge in fun and different methods can allow a student to take online class couses at home. Although in public schools, you can have the teachers help directly in access, the teacher comes to you through online access. As to teachers methods of teaching can be considered the same as in certain grade ranges, students that take courses held online he or she can alter old methods and be able to learn a faster way of figuring out questions. If a student faces a sickness the can also manage to still stay up to date with new lessons. As for public schools if you are absent you miss that day and have to make it up and be behind on the next lesson. To think that with a few configurations a student can learn and become very succesful with the help of online.                                                                              