sometimes talking to more than one person get can get you threw a lot of things in life and help you become a better person as well. Also seeking multiple opinions and advises can help you think about how to or make better choices by thinking more wisely before doing something that may look or sound like a better choice to you but might actually be a bad choice. And think about the consequences you will have If you don't decide to make the right choices.

In my opinion, When you do decide to talk to more than one person and let them give you advises and opinions on your decisions and help you think more wisely about your choices. Then you would have more support from more than one person that could help you get threw good choices and bad choices. And also, help you with whatever your going threw at the moment. And you would also have a lot of advises and opinions that more than one person gave you to think about. And some of those people that you can ask for advises and opinions can be someone that you actually believe Is a real friend, or any adult that you decide you trust, such as teacher's, your guardian's/parents, and counselor's.

Also seeking multiple opinions and advises Is always the right thing to let someone do for you, because all those advises and opinions can help you make smarter and better choices In life, and make you think about the consequences, and think more wisely before doing something that may look and sound like a better choice for you but might actually be a bad choice to do. Also think about the people you surround yourself with, like those that you consider as your "friends" because sometimes those "friends" can be the one's stopping you from making good choices, and be the ones that could be leading you to the bad choices. And those type of "friends" aren't the ones that you would want to be surrounded with for the rest of your life, or even communicating with.

In conclusion, I personally think its best to let more than one person give you advises and letting them seek in multiple opinions for you because, sometimes its good to listen to more than one persons opinions and advises because, It can help you get threw a lot of things and become a better person in life. And also, by letting people seek in opinions for you It can help you make the right choices and avoid the wrong ones. So again, I personally think this is the best way to make better choices and avoid the consequences you would get If you decide to do the opposite.