Do you think distance learning is beneficial for school students? Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Other believe distance learning as an option is not beneficial to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I believe distance learning is not beneficial for school students because of classwork, homework, and sports.

First of all,I believe distance learning is not beneficial for school students because classwork in schools is good source of grades in school. The best way to gain knowledge is to going school and learning new stuff by your teachers

. When you go to school you do assignments and class activities with your classmates and you all work in groups by helping each other. You meet your friends and teachers who help you in many situations. If you don't understand any topic in class you can go at raise or stay after school to discuss any problem with them. An example: I went to the school I had a test on that day and I got less marks on that test so I asked my teacher that can I retake my test he said that come after school I am available so I went after school make up my test and got good grades. These are the opportunities so more I got when I go to school regularly. I took one online Maths class and seems hard for me because I had so much work for that class and that made me unconscious for certain days. Present in classroom is to helpful for most of students and for me.

Moreover,I believe distance learning is not beneficial for schools students because homework in school is a main source for your grades. If you are going to school regularly you get homework with you and you can do that homework by the help of your teachers if you don't understand your homework. By being at home you will not be able to discuss your homework problem with your teachers and when you don't submit your homework your grades will start to reduce. when you will do any test or quiz you will get less marks because of your homework practice. An example: My friend never turn his homework because he thinks homework grades are not important for getting good grades at the end of the year when he got his final marks he had B instead of A because of his not submitted homework.

Additionally, I believe distance learning is not beneficial for school students in sports because when you take online class you won't be able to participate in any school sport activities. Because If don't do practice for sports you will be not selected in games such as football, Soccer, and Basketball.

The requirements for sports is good stamina, strength, and game techniques. when you come to school all the requirements are fulfill by your school coach. He teaches you how make your stamina good, skills, and teach you best technique to win and selected in the sports team. An example: my friend he was doing a online class and he had a trial for his soccer team and he fail at that trial because he was not able to work hard to improve his skill and techniques by the reason of that online class, but now he is taking regular school and he qualify for soccer with the help of school coach.

Finally, distance learning is not beneficial for schools students because of classwork, homework, and sports. Therefore, I believe that distance learning shouldn't follow in school because regular schools helps students to improve their classwork performance, homework performance, and to be good in sports by making good physical.                           