I am for the deveIopment of the cars. I believe that the developement of driverless would be great. There is always a good and negative side to thing. The negative thing about driverless cars is that they still require humans. The good thing about them is that there would be less accidents due to people on their phones while driving. Driverless cars would improve our world in both good ways, they also have a bad side, they would also require half of the amount a current car uses.

Driverless cars would improve our world for the better. According to the article the cars would have sensors that cause the car to apply brakes when there is danger. The cars would also alert the driver when it needs you to take ove the wheel. There would be less reckless driving. The roads would be much safer. The self driven cars would not require as much as todays cars do.

Driverless cars also have a negative side. The cars still require a human to be alert in case he needs to take the wheel. The care requires a human hand to be on the wheel while the car is driving. A danger is that the brakes could suddenly go off putting the people in the car in danger. According to the article the car cannot drive itself around work zones and around accidents. So the human would need to drive.

I am for the development of driverless cars. I believe driverless cars would improve our world.

I think they would be a great developement. According to the article they would require half of the gas a regular car uses in todays market. The cars would react much faster than a human due to thier sensors applying brakes much faster. The number of deaths would be less due to driverless cars. Less control a human has the less reckless driving there will be.

Automakers should continue their work to improve the driverless car. They would require half of the current cars. They would make the steets safer. The self driven cars would allow humans to be on their phones without putting others in danger. Humans could still gain control of car if needed. 