Generic_Name

Generic_Name

English 8 Honors

03/12/20

Asking For Advise

What is something you are good at? This answer varies for different people based on a couple of different things. When asking for advice, we ask more that one person because different people are good at different things based on their experiences and opinions. When we are uncertain about something and we get feedback from other people, we will feel more confident in that decision.

Everyone has had a different life, some are similar, but none are the same. Since everyone has had a different life, different people have different experiences. For example, someone named Generic_Name might go to a store on Monday, and have a terrible experience there because they did not have what he was looking for. Someone else named get could go to that same store, on the same day, and have a great experience just because she was looking for something else. She and Generic_Name would be looking for different items based on the different lives they live. If another person named Generic_Name wanted to know which store to go to, she might ask both Generic_Name and Generic_Name. However, since they both had such different experiences, Generic_Name might want to know a third person's experience. She might ask another person whether or not she should go to this store, and based on what their experience was, they might tip the scales in one direction or another. The differences in our lives are based on the way that we live our lives.

Everyone has a different opinion. There are opinions about whether or not someone believes in something, opinions about someone is doing the right thing, opinions about what the right thing is, and many, many more. This is why, when people are looking for advise, they go to more than one person. They want to get as much feedback as possible because they think they are giving themselves the best resources to succeed.

Many people lack confidence in their decisions. However, there is a solution that can help them more every time they do it. The more people that you have to back up your decision, the more confident you feel about it. If someone is not feeling confident in their decision, when another person comes and tells them that it is the right decision, they feel more confident about it. In order to feel confident in their choices, a person needs support.

People want to know how to make the best decision and the way that they do that is by asking for advice. When someone is unsure about whether or not their choice is the right one and they ask another person, that person is boosting their confidence. The reason that people ask more than one person for advice, is so that they can be confident in their choice, have a variety of opinions, and know what other people have experienced. 