While the idea of having a fully-autonomous is very real, scientists are still very far from it. Research is being conducted every day to improve the efficeincy and safefty of these new semi-autonomous vehicles. In my opinion, driverless cars are inevitable and I would not doubt that I will end up seeing one in my lifetime. But as of right now, cars can't do as much as scientists are hoping for in the future. With that being said, I will there will be a more positive outcome of driverless cars than negative.

Many skeptics say dirverless cars will never be possible. But, what they don't realize is that we are closer than we ever have been before regardless of how much research is still necessary to succesfully make a fully autonomous car. Google's concept car has been able to drive over half a million miles without a crash. Their car still requires a driver, but it is only for more advanced tasks such as traffic issues or roadwork. Other companies have also attempted to create a driverless concept car and the concepts have showed potential. They are far from driverless but they are going in the right direction. BMW announced that their car could handle driving speeds of up 25 mph but still require the focus of a human being behind the wheel.

While I am very supportive of driverless cars, I think there will always be flaws, no matter the size. I think there will always be malfunctions but that does not mean that those can be fixed either. The research that has been put into these vehicles have been very strenuous and have proven that there will never not be flaws in creating an autonomous car. They still may crash but the probability of a fatal crash in a driverless is much lower than the probability of a fatal crash due to human error. Humans get distracted thus creating more chances for an accident to occur. With driverless cars, there is no chance of human error or the car getting distracted because driving is what it was built for.

There are not many current laws or regulations on autonomous cars, so even if Google or BMW were to finish research and create a flawless and driverless car, they wouldn't be able to manufacture them on a commercial level. This is because there wouldn't be any laws covering liability in the case of an accident, if an accident were to somehow occur. It is undetermined who would be at fault for the accident according to the state. I think the company should be more at fault, considering they are advertising these cars as "driverless".

With my opinion on driverless cars being said, I still think they are a good idea and will benefit society in the long run and keep more people safe. There are bumps in the road regarding laws and the time it will take to get to where big name companies want to be. But, if we are all patient and let scientists conduct quality research, I see a bright future for fully autonomous cars.