Using the facial action coding system is useful for students and is valuable in the classroom. It is better for humans and for computers to communicate. The author uses technology, facial expressions and students. To prove why students need facial action coding systems in classrooms.

First the begin with talking about the technological side of it .In paragraph 1 they being to to talk about what the mona lisa was actually expressing through her facial expression by using FACS ( faical action coding system). The mona lisa is one of the most famous and staple pieces of art. Their have been many debates on if the mona lisa was happy and using this technology proved she was 83% happy. They used FACS to figure out her emotions from that exact moment. in paragraph 2 they begin to talk about the use of the FACS computer. How they use it to figure emotions for intance the mona lisa's emotion. The process isnt that hard use stand in front the computer and make facial expressions and the computer can figure it out for you.

Secondly they being to talk about facial expression. In paragraph 4 Dr. Huang talks about how facial expressions are universal. facial expressions are truly universal it is key on figuring out how others around you could be feeling. In paragraph 5 they talk about how humans come with an impressive calculation to what people may be feeling such as friend and how we can tell the difference between each emotion. Humans come with bein able to understand human emotions through expressions but not always seeing as people can mask true emotions for instance at one point he beings to talk about different smile and which is real and which is fake.

Lastly he beings to talk about how it would be useful in a classroom enviroment. In paragraph 6 they talk about how if a student is using a computer and the computer has FACS ( facial action coding systems) that it will being to recognize if a student is confused and bored and will able to modify the lesson for the student to regain interest in the lesson. The student will be A able to pass his or hers class and B have fun and be interested while doing it. In paragraph 9 they talk about how it help a theater teacher and his actor ( his students) to be able to udnderstand the theory of emotions. Emotions are always around and may work in your favor from you getting a good grade to putting on a great performance FACS will be able to help to do that.

In conclusion FACS seems to be very useful from the class room to the stage FACS can be used for being able to fully understand somebody's emotions all by looking at their face .The author used technology , facial expressions , and students to do that .