In this writing prompt I will be supporting the authors argument. The author belives that Venus should be explored and belives exploring Venus would bring plentiful information that could help the world learn more about other plantes and ours. But for this to be an arguemnt there must be a danger or bad factor, the bad harmful factor is the dangers on Venus. Venus has many dangers that has harmed unmanned spacecrafts. More dangers will be explained further in the prompt.

Venus is often called Earths twin, Venus is the planet that is most related to earth in terms of density and size. But Venus has many more dangers than Earth. Venus has an atmosphere of 97 percent carbon dioxide wich means humans will not be able to breath the air. Venus's surface is over 800 degrees Fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than earths pressure. Because of the extremely high amount of pressure that would crush a submarine and melt any metal humans would nto be caple of landing on the surface of Venus without being crushed. And not only does Venus have very high tempertures, pressure and a deadly atmosphere, it also has erupting volcanos, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes.

So why would we want to explore Venus if it is so inhospitable? Venus may have once had been like earth, with oceans and lifeforms. Venus does have a rocky surface with valleys, moutains and craters. Venus could be the human races next planet to inhabit if an incident would occur to Earth. Venus is the planet that is most like earth with its terrain and possible past life and water. Although Venus has its deadly dangers to humans, scientists are creating ways for humans to explore Venus and learn about this twin planet.

" NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray." (The Challenge of Exploring Venus,5)

that statement from the excerpt states that scientists have come up with their theorys to explore Venus. They have an idea to send Humans above Venus's atmosphere to explore Venus so they do not melt by the extremely high tempertures or get crushed by the high pressure. With these ideas humans could explore Venus without being harmed and could gather needed information about the twin planet. Scientists are also working on other approaches to studying Venus with possible electronic devices that could last possibly up to three weeks on Venus's surface. With more time scientists could create more ideas and plans to explore Venus's surface.

In this prompt I have explained the twin planet, Venus, and the dangers it holds. The author of the excerpt, " The Challenge of Exploring Venus" suggest that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. I have also explained the dangers Venus posses such as the high tempertures and the extremely high pressure. Scientists are creating more and more theorys of ways to explore

Venus everyday. Therefore in the future I do belive we will explore Venus and that exploring Venus would be very plentiful to the humans race.                  