Dear principal,

I think that you should require everyone to do community service because it helps everyone. Some people might not like it at first, like if there helping the less fortunate. They might change overtime because they see how bad some peoples life is, and that they should be thankful that they have a good life. So they could help them even more. I think we should have a field trip to help the homeless people by making them food and giving them clothes. And if some people still don't like helping, then they are selfish.

You should make it that we have to do community service in order to graduate. So if some people think its a waste of time, then they wont graduate. So were sort of forcing them to do it, but at least they are doing community service. And even maybe will they change a little and think a little more about the homeless people. Then they would want to help even more.

Another part of the community service for them to do in order to graduate is help clean up trash. There is a lot of trash everywhere. I think we should at least help clean up some of the world. And if we can do that, less animals will go extinct. So it would be nice if the world could be clean. And if they like helping then they will pass it on to other people and then the world would be nice. It would be fun if we go to the beach for a field trip and help clean up the beach. Then have a barbecue afterwards and swim in the beach.

Community service does take up some time. But some people don't want to do it is because they would rather be lazy at home and watch t. v. or play video games. But some people might even be busy. It only takes an hour or so to help clean up the neighborhood or give a homeless person food or clothing. I think we should get donations from companies that would give us free clothing and some small snacks. Then everyone could bring a bag and fill it the those items. Then when they are driving, and when they see a homeless person, they give them the bag. It's as easy as that. And its really short too, so that could be one way it could not take up there time because there driving home from school and if they see a homeless person, give it to them.

So community service is fun and it helps everyone. And could take up some time and it maybe wont take up time. So I think that it should be required to do community service.

From, student