Driverless cars are the future of safety while driving across the world. These cars have the technology to predict and protect against complex life-threatening issues that a human does not possess the power to handle themselves. Although the change to semi-driverless or driverless cars may be expensive; it is a change that can change the future of driving on roads for the better.

An issue that comes with having fully human controlled vehicles is not all cars have safety measures that the driver can control, such as sensors in the brakes. These sensors contain information that the human driving could not possess alone, showing that we need driverless cars to help make the upcoming generation of drivers more protected on the dangerous roads. In paragraph five the author states: "antilock brakes can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone," which shows the true power of these sensors inside of driverless cars. Legalizing driverless cars can bring the power of antilock brakes to every car in the world which would drastically reduce the amount of accidents related to skidding on ice or flipping cars.

One of the reasons that these driverless cars are not legalized in all states is as of right now traffic laws are under the assumption that "the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times," as the author states in paragraph nine. Although these cars are not driven by humans one hundred percent of the time, they can still be taken over by humans whenever a situation such as an accident in the middle of the road needs to be navigated around, this is proven in the seventh paragraph. In paragraph seven the author says: "GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate whenever a vehicle is in danger of backing into an object," and "The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over," proving that when the driver is in danger, the driver can take over the controls. These innovations heighten the safety of the driver in one of these vehicles.

Driverless cars and sensors aren't anything new to the roads, either. In paragraph three the author states that General Motors has been working on driverless cars since the late 1950s. As technology rapidly advances the sensors and computer needed to make driverless cars can become less expensive and more powerful. In only ten years advancements such as antilock brakes and the ability to drive seventy-five percent of the time have surfaced, and there are many more advancements to come. The first generation of driverless cars are expected throughout 2016-2020, with many more generations and advancements to improve upon the original models.

In 1980, the dream of having a fully autonomous vehicle would be something to see in a science-fiction magazine. Little did the people know that these cars would be available in only 36-40 years away and could dramatically increase safety on roads. Driverless cars provide heightened safety for the next generations of drivers and should not be taken as something small. Now that the technology is here to stay we need to be able to put it to proper use. Driverless cars have many generations to come and more safety to benefit the future generation of drivers.   