Imagine you could tell anyones emotions just from a computer. Thanks to Prof's new innovation you can! It can recognize emotions from a 3-d model of your face. I think it is a great idea for teachers to use on students in classrooms. I think it's a great idea because it can work on real faces or paintings, it can tell between fake and real smiles, and it can help students get better grades.

I think it is a great idea to use this new technology in classrooms because it can work on real faces and paintings. This shows that the technology used is acurrate. If the technology can be used on students or paintings to tell their exact emotions it must be very accurate. It can calculate the emotions by using the 44 major muscles on your face. Then, it can calculate the movement of those facial muscles.

I think it is a great idea to use this technology in the classrooms because it can tell between a real and fake smile. This could help the teachers to understand what the students enjoy so they stay ingaged in class. If a student is fake smiling at a teacher that means they don't like what they are talking about or don't understand. They could also tell if students are talking to other students during class. Then teachers could stop them from talking and all the students around them would be able to listen to the teacher rather then be distracted by the students.

A reason you may not want this technology in your classroom is because it can't detect nonverbal communication. Many students now a days use social media to connect with others. Some students even connect during class. This technology can not detect any emotion from it. Which could be a problem because for many people social media gives you many emotions.

The final reason I think it is a great idea to use this technology in the classroom is that it can help students get better grades. Teachers will be able to know if students are angry, sad, confused, bored or afriad. Students may have things on their mind and it may keep them from focusing in class. It can help teachers to calm students down or to understand why we were not able to focus during class. Teachers could also recognize when students are confused or bored. Then they would be able to modify their lesson to help students have a better understanding. I believe this technology could help many schools around the world and improve the next generation.