The use of cellular phones has spread substantially the last ten years. It has become a part of everyday life for many Americans. Unfortunately, the use of cellphones for everyday life a lot of the times, takes place in cars. As a result, many accidents have taken place due to the use of cellular phones while on the road. Many people are not aware of just how serious this has become, which is why people should not be allowed to use phones in cars without a hands free device.

The use of phones while driving not only puts the person driving in danger, but all the people around them. It takes one person to make one decision that can affect the lives of many.

People do not take into consideration the horrible facts about accidents caused by cell phones when choosing to use their phones. The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. It also states that nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving and 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving. Texting while driving is 6x more likely to cause an accident than driving drunk, but people still to this day do not think about the possible consequences of phones and driving.

Phones are not always a bad thing in cars, when following the right protocols. They help with navigation, communication, and are vital in the event of an emergency. Many states have banned the use of using a cell phone in any manner without a hands free device, which has decreased the amount of phone caused accidents. This law, although a struggle for some to follow, ultimately has everyone's best interest. People everywhere should be educated about the dangers of cell phone use in cars and about safer alternatives, and should be punished for not using a safer solution.

As seen, driving while talking on the phone is very dangerous. Also, with new laws if you're caught, you can be fined and could ultimately get your driver's license suspended. People can avoid all this trouble by only talking on your mobile phone when you are parked and out of the way of traffic. It could save your life one day. The use of a hands-free kit with your mobile phone as you drive doesn't eliminate risk, as you still might be distracted, but it does help cut it down. Driving a car is dangerous enough without adding still more risk by texting or talking and it is important that people are aware of that    