Our principal has decided that every student must be at least one extracurricular activity. In my opinion ,I strongly disagree with the principals decision and I think students should have the option and freedom to choose whether they want to participate in school activities or not. So today I'm here to explain why this is a bad idea and hope you will agee with me as well.

First of all,most students after school are busy, at least I know I am. When I'm done with school and go home I

immediately get ready to go to the gym with my mom, I go to the gym at least 2 hours ,after that I go do my homework ,then prepare for my piano lessons at the community center ,and now adding an activity I'm forced to do my schedule gets pretty tight . Thats also a main reason why students dont go to school activities, they simply don't have enough time. But after the principals decision , students have to re-organize their schedules making them have less time to do the things they really want to do.

Secondly , what if students don't like the activity they are forced to do. Yes, I know they are plenty of choices to choose from , but theres a chance students won't like any of them. It will make them feel pressured, stressful, and not joyful about going there. The student may also rebel , leading to them acting bad around the students and making the activity simply unpleasant.

Lastly , this school activities makes it feel like an extra hour of school. We already have enough homework and stress coming at us, so why should we get more? I get that the school is trying to make us be productive and help our school in a fun way with our friends , but whats the fun if we are getting forced to do them, also when students are getting forced to do an school activity it makes students feel like they have to do an extra class that doesn't even help our grades , nor does it count as a grade.

In conclusion, this are some of the reasons I disagree with the principals decisions. I hope this could change your and the principals mind and take in considerate on students opinions as well.

Students should choose if they want to participate in extracurricular activities and not be forced to. Thank you for taking your time reading this :)  