"ugh" "so tired of the same old voting preocess" "who even cares, not like we get to pick the president. Thats the sound of all the people who voted for someone to be President. As a voter id like to say that we shouldnt keep the electoral college for voting for President. Theres such good arguments on weather or not to keep it.

For my first reason im going to tell you how its just a unfair way of voting and its harsh. With the winner takes all system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chanve of winning. Focusing only on the tight races in the swing states. As said in source 2. When you vote with the electoral college you, the people arnt really voting for the president. Its the electors who aucutally vote for president and theres no point in you voting if they continue with the electoral college.

My second reason is that the electoral college is known as the diaster fator. To me thats not something i would want to persue in using while voting for my president. Consider that state legislatures are the ones responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could defy the will of the people as supported text from source number 2 as well. Given that many voters vote on one party the election can be expected to reflect the will of the people. The electoral college is just unfair to the people. They just pick someone without much reality put into it and there should be more thought to it or a wider range of votes.

Last but not least the electoral college is just outdated and irrational. It is widely reguarded as an anachronism, which means that its something that seems to belong in the past. And thats the past, were in the present. We have moved on from that and we need something new. It should just be overruled and like i said before something new. You want something that auctually takes your vote into consideration and not just letting some elector pick the president.

Yes the person with the most votes should win, but it really depends if they have the skills and criteria to run the country and be sucessful as the president. So as a voter, id like to say no more electoral college and something new!                                             