Dear Senator,

I am a student writing to you that we should be changing the Electoral College, to the election by popular vote. If you change the voting system to the elcetion by popular vote, then people are able to vote for who they want to vote, rather than having someone for president as a mistake during the voting. I believe that people should have the right to vote based on the president, not the slate of electors. Also because of the "disaster factor," and because of the "winner-take-all" system.

First off, you should change the system to the election by popular vote, because people should be able to vote based on the president and not the slate of electors. It is not fair that the people who pick the electors are people from the states convention, party's central committee or the candidates themselves. The voters should be allowed to controll who their electors vote for. Since they are part of the country, they should have a say in the country too. We should not be confused about the voting for the "wrong" electors, but be able to know what we are doing.

Secondly, may I recall the "disaster factor," the biggest crisis the century? The Louisiana legislature back in the 1960's, they had some trouble in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors. In fact, they almost did not succeed in doing this. The state's legislatures are probably the ones who are responsible for this incident, because of picking the electors themselves. By keeping the Electorial college, you could probably make the same mistakes again.

Lastly, another reason why we should change the voting system to the election by popular vote is, because of the "winner-take-all" system. Candidates runing for president know they have no chance in winning, if they spend their time in the wrong states. So instead they spend all their time in states are probably going to vote for them.

All in all, we should not be keeping the Electorial college, because its unfair to voters who don't know the real reason why they voted for a candidate, people also do not want to make the mistakes they made in the past, and the "winner-take-all" system is just irrational.                    