In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because Venus is a challenging planet to study. Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system.

Venus is a challening planet to study because of the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. The temperature's average is over 800 degree fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater then Earth. In the article it says, "not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades." This means that no human can survive the landing for more than a few hours because Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. The weather on Venus can cause for volcanoes to erupt and powerful earthquakes to occur. This shows how Venus is a dangerous planet to visit.

Venus is a worthy planet to visit because Venus still has some features that are analogus to those on earth. It has a surface of rocky sediment and includes features like valleys, mountains, and craters. In the article it says, "Venus has been the most earth-like planet in our solar system." Venus was covered with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. This is why Venus is like Earth's twin. NASA has an idea for humans to study and visit Venus in a safe way by going in jet airplanes. The jet airplanes would travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms. A vehicle would avoid the ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. The temperature would still be high about 170 degrees fahrenheit but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth. This can help humans survive. This would be a safe way for humans to visit Venus.

In conclusion, the author suggets that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because it explains how Venus is a dangerous planet to visit but humans still continue to study it.        