Driverless Cars and Their Risks

The concept of driverless cars, does not appeal to me whatsoever. I do not agree with the manufactoring of these cars because I do not find the concept of a driverless car to be safe. Trusting technology with something as important as driving, is nothing short of dangerous. Think of it this way, do you know that feeling of when your computer freezes? Or when your television goes out? T.V.'s and computers are some of the basic essentials of technology. They have their bugs, and they do not run flawlessly 24/7. Driverless cars can be the same way too. They can freeze and have their bugs. Are you willing to risk you and your loved ones lives with a driverless car?

I certainly wouldn't and by the end of this eassy, I hope you won't risk it either.

Driverless cars have been fantasized for many years. Google employees such as Sergey Brin and Sebastian Thrun claim that this fantasy is close to becoming a reality. I, for one haven't really heard any news on the matter. Sure, the rumors were there, but I honestly haven't heard of any of these breakthroughs. I don't trust it. I, and many other people want to see true facts and real results. The fantasy of driverless cars clouds people's judgement and so with such little public attention and news coverage, I honestly can see why me and so many others are skeptical of this idea.

States like California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia, have outlawed these cars. They believe that having a human driver is the safest and smartest way to drive a car. And their right.

Technology is nothing short of unpredictable, as anything can happen. A phone can shut down, a computer can catch a virus, and a T.V. can blow out. Who knows what a driverless car can do? At least if a car breaks down, the human driver has some degree of control over the matter. To have that control taken away and replaced by a computer program is frightening. A car can be dangerous if in the wrong hands. I don't believe that the hands of a lifeless computer program are a good substitute for a human driver.

All in all, being replaced by a machine is not a step forward for greatness. I believe that this step is a step towards catastrophe. This can cause tons of deadly crashes, and heart-breaking losses. Even though lots of car accidents today are caused by human drivers, I believe that the amount of car accidents would only go up with the production of driverless cars. Driverless cars are gonna be a disaster. I urge you to agree, as my arguement now comes to a close.

So, I stand against driverless cars.

Do you? 