The world has come to change as we know it, one of these big changes is limiting cars. We are having a movement where cars aren't needed, it's a slow process were you won't see the result until you compare back then to now. This change is happening due to people living a more active life, and minimizing global warming in small ways that have big results.

"70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold cars to move there." There is hardly any accidents involving cars because there is no use for them. we are living a life were you dont have to be afraid of crossing the street, and people in cars don't have to be tense for fear that they might crash someone. Living a life were your life does not center around a car is not something you would expect to have such great results, but, it does people are genuinely happy that they aren't driving cars. Not having a car has given so much relief and less tension to people, knowing that they are active and getting from point A to point B while doing it.

We have so much pollution going on and one of the biggest causes of it is cars. "Pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety." This care change is going to be the begining of something big for the simple fact that this is something foreign to us. People are reducing car usage by carpooling, walking, public transportation, etc. These are all moving to a commin goal and that commin goal is to make the world a better place to stop causing more damage then what there already is and while doing that we are benefiting ourselves.

In clonclusion, the whole basis of this is wrking together to achieve happiness, and a safer place for older and younger people. Our world is change, our life isn't centering aroung a car and whether we think it's what's the coolest car these days. We are becoming active, heathier, and cleaning up the mess (pollution) we've made and making the world a better place.    