Community service is a very important activity in a young ones life, I believe it teaches one to become more responsible. In my opinion, I think community service should defiantly be encouraged! However, I don't think it should be required. Many students may feel it is unnecessary to help out in there community, but after they perform one task of this act, I think they will take it into consideration that parks don't clean themselves, and elderly need friends too. I believe this one little action could change their perspective, and could slowly shape the world into a better place!

As some children may feel as if community service is a punishment, but I feel its a reward! You get to make many other people happy, and it doesn't cost anything but your time and effort. For example cleaning up a park puts a smile on every kid there, as well as their parents. "Bingo!" Another example is playing board games with the elderly! The youth of today might not understand that people in nursing homes may not get that much attention, or visitors, and they could get bored and lonely themselves. Even just volunteering to help out at the local soup kitchen would be a great help! Personally, putting a smile on someone's face is one of the greatest achievements one can get.

Elementary students should defiantly be aware of these situations and be able to volunteer. Although I personally hold an opinion that community service is the way to go, others may hold an opinion of their own. I suggest not forcing it upon the students to perform in this act, but encourage them to lend a helping hand as much as possible! Maybe you could reward them in some way, such as lunch with the teachers, or five extra minutes at recess every Friday. That may be hard for you to adjust, so if you could reason to give them extra credit for their actions, then I'm sure that will be enough to get a great community started! Once they see how important it is to volunteer, then I have faith it can turn into something bigger and better than just community service, I believe they can change the world!