In all honesty, cell phones are everywhere, almost everyone owns or owned a cellular device of some sort, let's face it, cell phones are a must, everything nowadays can be done from your cell phone. Now with modern technology many people have devices were you can look at your phone while you're driving instead of holding it in your hand because it is illegal, which I feel makes it even more dangerous than talking on your phone while driving. There's honestly no reason to be talking and driving, it's not worth the consequences.

For starters, 13% of car crash fatalities are caused by distracted driving. I know that it may not sound like a lot but that's almost 35,000 people reported to have died due to looking at their phone while operating a vehicle. There are things like phone holders and things that can go into your care to hold your phone while driving, but that makes and even bigger distraction.

People are responding to text messages, being on facetime calls (that's video chat), watching videos, etc. While driving thinking that it's safer to be on your phone this way not realizing that their chances of crashing is higher than having the phone in your hand. Taking your eyes off the road for even a quick second could cause you to crash into anything, causing harm to possibly you and other drivers and pedestrians around you.

Next , I feel like honestly if you need to talk on the phone that bad or need to respond to a text that bad pull over, that message from your boyfriend can wait till your safely parked somewhere it's not worth your life to respond to a message, it's not worth the jail time you might face if you crash and you're at fault, it's not worth the extra money you would have to face to fix your car if you crash if it not totaled at the scene, it's not worth the pain to your body and all the medical expenses if you get hurt in the crash. That perfect driving playlist can wait, the phone call you missed can be returned when you're not operating your vehicle, my point is there are so many outcomes and possibilities you can avoid while staying off your phone while you are driving.

Lastly, in case people forgot it is indeed illegal to talk on the phone and drive or to be on your phone period. 38 of our 50 states have a no cell phone ban on novice and teen drivers since it's mostly teens texting and driving not saying our adults don't text and drive because they most definitely do. Now even though the law says you cannot use your phone while you're driving and if you do it needs to be in a hands free device , it's still does not prevent you from crashes it does not prevent you from driving of the road from not keeping your eyes on the road. Only if you're under 18 you are required not to use your phone completely. There are devices approved the government like in ear Bluetooth that are allowed to be used while driving so I can be less of a distraction while driving but let's face it, it's probably as much as a distraction as the hands-free devices. For example, I know for my when I'm talking on the phone its most likely to one of my friends so I'm probably gossiping, and when that's happening, I'm zoning out of whatever I am doing to completely engage into the conversation. If you're not going to pay attention to the road you really do not need to be driving.

In conclusion, cell phone use while driving should not be allowed at all, there are so many possibilities and outcomes that can come from using your phone while operating your vehicle. It is not safe at all for you or the other drivers and some cases pedestrians around you. It's not worth the danger of your life or anyone else's life, it's not worth any of the consequences just put your phone down and drive or don't drive at all.

Cited sources; www. Edgarsnyder. com Www. uslegal. com   