Have you ever seen Europe? What about China, or the Acropolis in Greece? Have you seen Venice, Italy, or the Panama Canal? If you've ever wanted to do those things, and help a lot of people while doing it, you're Seagoing Cowboy material. You should become a Seagoing Cowboy because of the hard work it teaches, the experience, and because you're supporting other countries, as well as your own!

First of all, we have the grueling hard work to speak of. Some may say that grueling hard work is not a reason to volunteer for something, but I disagree. Being a Seagoing Cowboy is nothing like a normal, boring life. Yes, you have hard work, but you get the greatest sense of satisfaction once you're done. You get to know that all your hard work has gone to helping people in need, and that you've really made a mark on this world. I think hard work is also the path to knowledge, and you may just learn some life lessons along the way.

Secondly, the fantastic experience is what we will cover. Some people may argue that the experience isn't worth risking your life over, but in reality, it's quite the contrary. If you're a Seagoing Cowboy, you get to travel the world, like I mentioned. You can see places like Greece, Italy, and China. Also, don't forget their unforgetable landmarks that you will see! Not only do you get to travel the world, but this is a once in a lifetime experience! We won't be around forever! Plus, I bet it will make one heck of a story to tell your grandchildren, am I right?

Finally, we have the service you are providing. Some may say you are better off in the military. This may be so, but would you rather be taking lives, or saving them? Plus, us Seagoing Cowboys were only created because of World War II to clean up the mess. Wouldn't it be counterproductive to start a World War III? Here, you get to help people, improve lives, and do good for your country, and the country you're in. I think that with more of us Seagoing Cowboys, we can make the world a better place.

Us Seagoing Cowboys know how to work hard, experienced a once in a lifetime chance, and supported our and many other countries. We've seen Europe, China, Greece, Italy, and even Panama! We've traveled the world, crossing oceans to and fro, for the good of mankind. So, what are you waiting for? Sign up today!