Being sick is the worst but it's even worst when you're grades start to drop due to you being sick and you can't do anything about it but, lay in bed sick and watch as you're grades drop lower and lower. School is already hard enough but, school can become even harder when you're missing school and have no way to catch up on lessons or even attempt at some of the classwork or homework that was assigned. Many students would benefit from attending classes at home because it would allow students who are sick a chance to still be attentive in school and students would be able to work on assignments at their own pace and time.

When some kids become sick and finally return back to school they have a hard time catching up with the lessons and getting all of the work they missed turned in by a specific due date and this can cause the students to become very stressed. By, providing students with online classes they can still be present and eligible to do their work so, when they finally do return to school they have no problem in class and aren't completely overwhelmed by everything. This will also allow the student to keep their grades up. For example, Many times when I was sick there was no way for me to complete my work so my grade would often drop and i would struggle to get all the work I missed in by a certain time. This would cause me to become very stressed which often made me even sicker due to stressing over assignments.

By providing classes from home students would also be able to work at their own pace and speed. Many students find that by working at their own pace they are able to understand and learn more then they would learning in a classroom environment. By allowing students to work at home they can also get everything done faster because they aren't working at the same speed as everyone else. Some students learn faster then others which this can cause issues in the classrooms because then the other students often struggle on test and things of that such due to them not clearly understanding the topic and the teacher not being able to go back on a lesson. This can later cause affects on the student's grades and causes them to have more of a struggle to bring them back up.

Often people think that students would benefit from attending classes from school only because they can receive a hands on learning experience. However, this can cause issue for the kids who have no way to attended school or cannot attend school due to health issues or personal issues. Often people believe that by attending school they are getting a hands on learning experience but, many people find that by learning in the comfort of their own home they are able to feel safer and learn much quicker with a better understanding.

In conclusion, Students should be allowed to attended classes at home this will allow the students who cannot attend school an opportunity to still receive an education and students would be able to work at their own pace and learn how they think is best for them. I think schools should allow free online schooling so that all kids can have an opportunity at an education and be able to learn and grow just as any other child should be. By providing online schooling not only do school's create a less stressful environment for the students they also create one for the teachers, parents, and staff. 