Dear principal,

It has come to attention that you are considering changing school policy so that students may not participate in sport of other activities unless they have at least a grade B average. Of course, many students have a C average. It is my opinion that students should be allowed to play sports even thought they have a C average. I have many reasons for this, extra curricular activities are to be enjoyed and anyone should participate in them, It is also a better alternative than the students forming gangs and being out in the streets. Lastly, It would benefit everyone if kids with C averages could play sports because it keeps them fit. It would truly be appreciated by the whole student body if you would not change the school policy and allow everyone to participate in sports and other activities.

Foremost, kids with C averages should be able to play sports because sports should be enjoyed and cherished by everyone. Don't you remember your first baseball game? the smell of hotdogs and the impressive sight of that enormous diamond, the vendors yelling out "Get your popcorn! 5 bucks a bag!" and the overexcited fans. Imagine actually playing the game, especially if you love the sport, amazing right? then why should it be taken away from you just because you have a C average in school? That isn't fair at all! If it's something you love, you shouldn't be stopped from playing it, whether it's soccer or football, basketball or volleyball, all sports should be equally enjoyed by all sports fans. What about the people in clubs? most of the time it's where you can express your creativity outside of home and where you can discover new passions for things.

Furthermore, having students join clubs and sports is better than having them form gangs and patrolling the cities. I don't know about you, but I'd much rather have the students participating in school related activities than out in the streets. If you won't allow the C and below averaged students participate, then who knows what'll happen to their futures.

Last but not least, i understand that by keeping them out of the students out of these activities might help them improve their grades but in fact, you are preventing them from keeping themselves healthy and fit. When students participate in sports and extra curricular activities their minds are constantly working, and so are their bodies keeping them both physically and mentally well. It's a true fact proven by scientist in Arizona that 80% of students participating in sports can prevent obesity and heart disease.

To sum it all up, I think that it will benefit everyone if you allow students to play sports with

C averages. Extra curricular activities are to be enjoyed and anyone should participate in them, It is also a better alternative than the students forming gangs and being out in the streets. Lastly, It would benefit everyone if kids with C averages could play sports because it keeps them fit. Again, It would truly be appreciated by the whole student body if you wouldn't change the school policy and allow everyone to participate in sports and other activities.