The advantages of limiting of car usage will lower congestion and pollution wouldn't be as much as a problem now. There is a growing trend in Europe that seperates suburban life from auto use. The fewer people who drive cars around, the less chance of pollution will arise in the future.

In France, the city of Paris was nearly threatened with pollution which cause the city to enforce partial driving to clear the air of the city. There was a fine for motorists with even or odd-numbered license plates that had to pay if they didn't leave their cars at home. Over time, congestion in the city was down sixty percent after approximately five days of immense smog. It estimated around to four-thousand drivers fined and twenty-seven who impounded their cars.

The city of Vauban on the other hand, made a rule to give up their cars for good. The streets are "Car-Free" which could result in the reduction of car accidents and better yet, pollution. Stores and malls are placed in a walking range, rather than a farther off distance. According to media trainer and mother of two, Heidrin Walter stated:

"When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way."

In the mid-1990's in Bogota, Columbia, they began an improvement campaign to not use cars. Taxis and buses were the only type of transportation in Bogota. This caused the stop of traffic jams and the people of the city resorted to go hiking, biking, and skating to go to work. "It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower pollution," said Carlos Arturo Plaza.

In the article, "The End of Car Culture" suggested that Americans weren't buying cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as much as they did in the previous years. The number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 but as of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was equal to where the country was in January 1995. People who stop driving with find a lesser reason to undergo the habit of driving again. Driving by young people also decreased 23 percent between the years of 2001 and 2009.

In conclusion, with the progression of fewer people driving and more people getting physical for transportation, pollution in the world will significantly lower, resources willbe conserved, save time, and the world would be a much improved safer place.                                                                  