Have you ever thought what is like to join seagoing cowboys? Well you could join Seagoing Cowboys like Luke Bomburger. If you ask Luke he could tell you what it is like but, Luke might want you to join the Seagoing Cowboys.

Luke has some reasons for you to join the program. one reason is you can help other. Also it opened his world i mean that luke saw what he could do and after the program Luke decited to contune at home and try to encorger people to join, Also you would be helping countries out by perviding food and place to live. Also this is a life changing exprence

Why should you join the Seagoing program? beacuse you can help others and when you help others it makes you feel better and it makes them feel happy. The program could chang your world like it dd to Luke.

You would be helping other countries out with their needs. When you help a country out people could say " It is the person that helped our county out and thank you''. Also you get to travle overseas witch gives you a break from home, you might miss your friend and family but , you are doing something good. Also when Luke Bomburger joined he missed his family and friends but he keeped his head up high and he rembered that he is helping out some one else. Well if these reasons still dont convenent you then you should go talk to luke Bomburger about the Seagoing Cowboy program. Also you should go do some reasruch and talk to Luke Bombruger and read thos pargraph.

So are you thinking about joining the Seagoing Cowboys? Also jut think about it you are helping some one in need, you are helping countrys and this program can cahnge your life. Also you might have a fun time helping others and going around the world. so what is better than helping others and exporling other countrys and having fun when you are helping others. Just ask Luke Bomburger he would might say he had a lot of fun and he helped others and countrys. Luke Bomburger had an awesome time and he helped others and countrys. You might makes some new friends and you can work with your friends also you can bring a friend along to the program. Also you can bring a family member along. Luke Bombrugher brought his friend Don Reist well Luke Bombrugher got invited by Don Reist. Well there you have all the reasons to join. I hope you join the Seagoing Cowboys program and get some friends or family member along. Well if you join you get the exprence like Luke Bomburger did with means lots of fun and exploring new places and countrys. Also this changes lifes.

Also you should check out the book A Cowboy Who Rode the Waves by Peggy Reif Miller. In the book A Cowboy Who Rode the Waves it gives Lukes reasons why to join the Seagoing Cowboy program and his story while in the program.