Things to except when diving while using your phone.

Driving while using your cellphone should be prohibited because of the lack of focus. People in our society are addicted to their cell phones, mostly millennials which makes them a problem on the road. A main focused reason millennials are likely to use their phone while driving is because of their lack of focus which causes them to feel that it is okay and important to look at their phones to see a text messages or answer a call that is not important, maybe even check social media. It is only okay to use your phone it you know it is an emergency, but when doing so to be safe pull over into a parking lot or just on the side of the road. Being on your on your phone while driving is not okay because citizens do not pay attention to the road also cell phones cost people accidents that results in death.

People don't pay attention to the road when using their phones while trying to drive. This have been proven to be because of the lack of focus from the mind. Millennials text and drive mainly because of their lack of experience in life and thinking that their friends and phones calls are more important than themselves and others lives. Which can cause car accidents which will lead to higher insurance pay, going to court and being charged for what you may have done to the other driver and their vehicle. This may also cause to lack of focus witch puts innocent pedestrians life at risk because of you not paying attention.

People having car accidents that result in death every day for many different things but they can be avoided just by you not using your cell phone while saving you money also. Using your phone can be okay depending on how you choose to use it. Hand free is the only and the best way to go when using your cell phone while driving it saves lives and keep you extra money in your pocket from not having to pay insurance bills and for others' lives that you may have cost.

Phone using while driving should be against the law because it can cause harm to innocent people. It is also one of the highest ways people die from car accidents.   