When humans need help on a problem they can't get around by themselves, they ask for help in the form of advice. And this happens to almost everybody. That one time you had an argument with your best friend so you asked your mom what to do, that was advice. And that other time when you wanted to join the football team but had no idea how so you asked your athletic friend Generic_Name, that was also advice. But have you ever asked multiple people for advice on the same thing? This is actually beneficial because it can help you make a better choice on the problem you are facing. Seeking multiple opinions can help make a better choice because it shows different points of views and the person can choose which advice is the most optimal for the problem they are facing.

Seeking out multiple opinions on a problem you are facing can help show different viewpoints of the problem. Everybody is different in the world. We've heard it preached throughout our lives. And asking for advice just proves that more. All over the world each person is experiencing something different, it may be a small difference in reality but the each mind processes it differently. That's why asking multiple people is important. A 14 year-old who went to the nationals in robotics team is going to have a different opinion than an adult who goes to Harvard for engineering. It doesn't mean that one is more important than the other, but it does effect the advice they give. Age is another variable that changes viewpoint. Your grandfather is going to have a different opinion than your friend in high school because of the times they each grew up in. Because everyone has so many different experiences and mindsets, the person asking for advice is going to have to choose which one is the best or even combine some of the them to make the best or most optimal advice for their problem.

Asking for multiple opinions can help the person asking by giving them options to make the most optimal choice needed for the problem they are facing. The best thing about asking multiple people for advice is that you have options. Options to choose from or even combine to make the best choice. You can compare the opinions you got and see which is the best fit for your problem. And if multiple opinions are the same, most likely that is the best option. But opinions can also contradict each other since everyone has a different viewpoint and ideas. So the only thing you can do is choose which is the best. Only you know what strengths and weaknesses you have. It's your problem that you are facing, and only you know what the best option is.

So now you have chosen the best option for you. You beat the problem you where facing with ease because of the help you've gotten. Now your shoulders feel infinitely lighter as you breathe a sigh of relief. The problem which you've had so much trouble with is now gone. The different viewpoints of others and the options you had helped make the best choice for you. And now you realize that seeking multiple opinions on a problem that you are facing isn't such a bad thing and is in fact a great help.