TEACHER_NAME,

Many of us have cell phones, that we'd like to use. Even I do, but I still think it can distract our learning. Out at lunch, your only hour to finally talk with your friends, when all they are worried about is when their boyfriend is sending them a picture message or they're busy texting some random man in Florida. A lot of serious things can happen, someone gets your number and soon you give out information and all you can do it talk about it when you get back into the building to finish the school day. I, surprisingly enough, agree with Policy 2.

It is a new time, we all have something that we can show off. Why does it have to be our new phone that our parents decided to spoil us with? I went without a phone for quite a while, and it is really just teaching students to become dependent upon their little device, with what? A new feature. You now have the ability to have a seven way. Perfect.

Not only is it stealing our childhood, but we are also getting stolen of our only chance left. Instead of keeping up with your best friend as they talk about stuff that will never help you in your life, you can go jogging. Listening to the teacher instead of picture messaging a forward you got about how you are going to die if you don't forward the message to ten people. What sick person would actually try to scare that ten year old who just got the new Android? Oh right, us.

I can even remember that second month of school, just watching kids 'looking at their history book.' They're really texting that athletic boy a yard away. They have even developed a sign language that lets them know that they just received a text, instead of waiting for the vibration. Even the teachers are pulling out their phones. And if its okay to have their phone for a little while, then what's the difference in keeping it in your pocket as your playing phone tag? It is distracting kids from their learning as their partner receives a new text.

And now I can say I have proved my point. Or should I say, ware r u? Do you really want to take the blame for dumbing kids up, only for high school, even college? I think I'd be pretty embarrassed to hold the title. Principle of the year, right? TEACHER_NAME, please think about what phones could do to our community. Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME