So many planets to choose from. Have you ever wondered what it would be like to visit one? What about living there? Me too! The planet Venus could possibly be our next home. It has said that Venus still has Earth like feautures, Samples can be removed from the planet and with improvement of the rovers and other crafts they could gather more information to make living there possible. In the article the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, and in this essay I will go further into depth about how that is a true.

Astronomers are so fascinated with the with the planet Venus, considering that the planet possibly could have been the most Earth-like planet in the solar system. According the article it states that," Long ago, Venus was porbably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth. Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar feautures such as valleys, mountains, and craters. Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit." This shows that Venus could have possibly been just like earth years ago , but still has those same Earth traits left behind. These left over sources can make for surviving on the planet.

NASA has also come up with a possible solution for sending human life to the Earth-like planet with out being in danger. According to the article it states that," Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above rolling Venusian landscape. Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Farenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. Solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels. Not easy condtions, but survivable for humans." This shows that NASA is trying to create a reinovation that could help humans survive the hostile conditions of Venus.

Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow the machines to last long enough to gather sources from Venus. According to the article it states that, "Some simplified electronicas made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions. Another project is looking to an old technology called mechanical computers. These devices were first divisioned in the 1800's and played an important role in the 1940's during World War II. The thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. Modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical condtions. Just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin.

By comparison systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces." This shows that researchers are searching for a stronger metal or material that can widthstand the pressure and heat of Venus when landing , so that they can gather information.

In conclusion the authors suggestion that "Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is presents" is evaluated thoroughout the article by him explaining that Venus could have been just like Earth decades ago and it still has those same Earth traits, there could be a possible solution for humans to fly over Venus while being able to survive the critical conditions of the planet, and making it clear that researchers are searching for a new material that could widthstand the extreme conditions.     