Almost 80% of people end up needing other peoples opinions. Decision making can be very hard. Impacting you in many good, or bad ways. Seeking multiple opinions can help make better choices by having no regrets, having a healthier life, and becoming more open minded.

More opinions from others will help you in the long run, because you'll end up having no regrets. Some people end up regretting the choice they made on their own. In the moment, making a decision on your own seems much easier than asking others, but in the long run, asking others will benefit you. Mainly because you'll most likely live without regretting that decision. Most people will become stressed out on their decision making. Decisions can stick in one's mind forever. You'll be bothered about the choice you made, but you can't do anything about it because it was in the past. Lastly, the decision you make can scar them. Making a decision on your own can sometimes be dangerous, and it will effect your life. Maybe one day you won't be thinking straight, and make the wrong decision that will scar you for life. You should always ask for others opinions, or you could be living with regret the rest of your life.

You will end up having a healthier, happier life. The choice that you made, could've led you into the wrong path. Depending on the choice, there could be a serious consequence. If you only listen to yourself, and not others, it could end up with your life in the wrong path. You'll feel even happier with making the right choice. Listening to others, and making the right choice, always has a good outcome on your life. Now, you'll be worry free, which means a healthier life. Being worried about something for too long and effect your life in many bad ways. Making your life not as healthy as it should be. Having a healthy, and happy life is one of the most important things to have.

In the end, you will be more open minded. You will end up knowing what to do for future decisions. Since you got help on their first decision making, you can use the opinions the gathered, and use them on future choices. Most people will be more cautious on their decisions. You can now see that the choices you are making can impact your life, and you will come to others for all their opinions. Lastly, once you've gathered all the opinions people have said in the past, you won't need to ask anymore! Maybe sometimes you might need new opinions here and there, depending on the decision, but all the other times you'll have all this other information about good decisions, that you'll already know what to do while choosing. Being open minded is a really good outcome of getting others opinions.

You should always ask for others opinions when making a hard decisions. Asking for opinions always comes out with a good outcome. Like, no regrets, a healthier, happier life, and lastly, you're going to become more open minded about decision making from now on.  