Phones and Driving

In today's society, people have and use cell phones. Cell phones have become an addiction. People can't seem to put them down. Some people feel that people should not use their phones while driving their cars. I feel this way too. Using cell phones while driving have negative consequences in two ways. One, cell phones distract the driver. Two, cell phones are unsafe.

To begin with, phones can easily distract the person who's driving the car. The reason is that when that person is driving his car and when a notification ringer goes off, the driver would rush to his phone to see what came up. When this happens, he would then lose focus on the road and might kill someone. Whenever someone is driving his car he needs to focus on the road at all times. Distract driving is one of the main reasons why there's more car accidents in this country, especially Georgia. When the government starts enforcing no phones while driving, this will help end distractive driving and less car accidents would happen in cities and on the highway. Cell phones distracting the drivers is one of the main points why people should not use their phones while driving a car.

Next, drivers who use their phones while driving can be unsafe for the driver and other people who are around them. The reason is that when drivers are driving, they need to check their surroundings to make sure they do not hit someone or something. In the case of using a phone while driving can cause many deaths from getting run over/ hit from the car or from a car crash. This is really important that people need to be aware of what they're doing because if they make one mistake, it can cause a lot of lives. Safety is really important when it comes to using a phone because people can save lives if they put the phone down and focus on the road so that everyone can create a safer environment for people who want to drive their car. Most deaths are caused by car accidents due to using the phone while driving because people do not think about being safe not only for themselves but also the passengers who are in the car with them. Safety is one thing people need to take a stand on, because drivers need to realize that if they do not put the phone down, then it could create more deaths and less safety in the area.

In conclusion, drivers who use their phone while in the process of driving can end in an unsafe situation not only for themselves, but everyone that is around them. Distracting driving and safety are the two reasons why people should not use their phones while in the process of driving. Phones can easily take away the focus on the road because it leads to bad outcomes in the end.                           