Are you against of this technology to read people's mind? I am against it because there are people out there that suffer and want to get over their life. If that technology read their mind and the world knows it they will suffer more and never get over it. Also, there are many good reasons to agree it and there are many reasons that I disagree. The technology might ruin every person's life.

In addition, I disagree with this technology because in the text, third paragraph says in order to read the expressions your face bone has to be different, but there are a lot of emotions that people don't show, you might be happy or sad and your face still the same. I don't think that tecnology can comprehend people's emotion and people's mind. Basically, the third paragraph says that emotion are base on your bones but I notice when I am sad, happy, disgust or mind blank my face is the same: a face that's blank minded. Most people can't read my mind and I don't think the technology can either.

Another reason that I don't agree with technology reads mind is because there are people who don't want people to know what's in them. For example, if there's a girl is unhappy and in order to make her friends to be happy she do everything and maybe no one will notice and her friends will be glad for her. If the technology reads her minds and let her knows about it, their friendship might be in chaos and ends.

Also, why I am disagree with it because I remeber one time my teacher told me that science is not always 100%. I don't think this technology is accurate because I notice when one of my friend is sad I can tell by the way she talks but not her expressions. In the text says that not only your facial muscles knows your emotion but also produce them, but what if your bone is twisted and have an unhappy seems face but you are actually happy. The article says that facial muscles produce emotion, I disagree with it because when I feel sad or blank most of the time my facial bones still the same.

In conclusion, this technology shouldn't invented because it might not be accurate and says false about people expresson. This technology can only read expression only by bone but not voice or heart so I don't think it's accurate. That's why we shouldn't use this technology because science is not always 100% correct. We should get to know the person's mind better instead of use technology to know theirs. If you don't know what's in them then, that means relationship is not close and it's better to learn their minds and know each other better.          