The end of car culture around the world. Cities around the world are banning driving for weather conditions or for experimental purposes. In German suburb driving has been forbidden as well as street parking, driveways and home garages. People have been selling their cars just to move to Vauban, Germany. The limiting of car usage has been a great factor to help the enviroment, and to excersize.

The end of car culture is coming to an end because many people have been leaving their cars at home and taking the bus or walkin to work. People are driving less, and the youth have are not excited to be driving. Sociologists believe the decrease amount of driving is due to the fact that we are able to connect with our friends over the internet and no longer need to see each other in person. In many cities around the world are banning driving because of enviromental purposes. In Colombia, there is a car-free day where cars are being banned with only taxis and busses permited. The goal is to promote altenative transportation and reduce smog. In Paris driving was banned due to the amount of smog. They blamed the smog on diesel because 67 percent of the cars use diesel. Although cars were banned in Paris, congestion decreased about 60 percent in the capital of France, after the five-days of smog.

The limiting of car usage can benefit everyone. This is because around the world everyone drives, nobody thinks twice about it. Driving has been a huge part of the America can life, but it seems it is coming to an end people are relying more on walking and riding a bicycle or taking the bus. Car limiting benefits everyone because it will help people stay healthy and hike or bike to point A to point B. People are becoming more enthusiastic about not driving. Parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout cities; uneven sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rudh-hour restrictions have cut traffic dramatically; and restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.

The end of car culture is upon us, people have been selling cars, countries have been banning driving, and cities are forbiding street parking, driveways and home garages. The amount of people driving has decreased dramatically since 2005, in the United States. People are taking the bus, hiking, biking to get from A to B. The limiting of cars can help improve your health and help improve the enviroment.    