Asking for advice from multiple people can make a better decision. It can make you lead to better life if it is a big decision, and if it is a smaller decision then it may effect you a smaller time, but maybe in a big way. Asking multiple people can help you in many different ways.

Seeing how others view the choice can help you see what you may have not seen before. Others see life and other things differently then yourself. If you want to start a sport, they may think they are athletic enough to play, but others may see different and suggest a different sport. You may catch on and find the best possible sport for them. This can help you have more fun and find new friends.

Another reason to ask multiple people is because you may lie to yourself and not make the best decision. If you ask only one person, then they may lie to you. Asking many people can make sure you get the best and maybe the most honest answer. For example, if you think you are getting over weight, you may want to go on a diet. You may then lie to yourself and say, "I'm not that big, I can go a bit longer like this." even though other people think you are overweight. You may then look at yourself and then start to go on a diet.

By asking many people then you can "average" the best decision for you. By taking a metal note of what people think you should or should not do then you can help yourself make the best possible decision. You can take a vote or just use multiple peoples opinion why not to and ask yourself again. By doing this, you may end up not lying to yourself and making a good decision. You may think your outfit is good while others don't, people might say just switch the whole outfit, switch the top, or switch the bottom. You can think to yourself again and come to a conclusion that you are just going to switch the top and nothing else.

One other is because making a bad decision can just make your life awful. For example, you may see a friend smoking. You then start to think that you want to try. If you ask yourself or that one friend that smokes, it can lead to you smoking. That just increases the risk of lung cancer and other diseases. This may lead to worse diseases or maybe death. But if you ask a few other friends or family then maybe you can will think twice and look ahead. This can help you lead to a healthier life in all.

Asking multiple people may help you understand what may happen. If we use the smoking example again, then it can help you understand what may happen to you can your life, internally and externally. Asking an ex-smoker can help you understand what happens to your life. How it effects friendships and family. How hard it may be to stop. Asking a professional about our bodies, like a doctor, then it can help you understand what may happen to use internally. How it affects our body in a bad way, or in a good way if it does produce any.

After saying all of this, we can come to a conclusion that asking multiple people is best. It can help you see in someone else's shoes. Or help you make a life changing decision. But in all, it helps you in some sort of way. 