Easy,convent,and relaxing. These three words describe the benefits of students attending classes from home. Although some students would say they would benefit from attending classes from home, nevertheless, other students would disagree because not every student would benefit attending classes online. It would mean no teacher assistance and it would increase the chances of students cheating on their assignments.

To begin, students attending online courses would have no assistance with their assignments and if they have any questions they would have to rely on themselves or the information that has been given to them. For example, if a student has to take a test online and doesn't understand the question usually they can ask the teacher for help,but in this situation they can't because the computer is the teacher. The student would have to use the information that is given to them as their resources and they would have to use their knowledge of what they have learned without the help of the teacher. This shows, that by the student attending classes online they are more likely to struggle which would likely lead to the student to picking the incorrect answer during the test because if they have a question their is no teacher their to assist them. clearly, students attending class online will struggle with tests or assignments because their is no teachers their to answer their questions.

Furthermore, students attending classes online are more likely to cheat on exams because they are home alone and their is no adult supervision. For instance, if a student were not to understand a question on a exam for one of their online classes they will most likely look it up on the internet for the answer and when they find the answer it. It will later become very easy for them to cheat on their exams or assignments because their is no adult supervision to make sure they are not cheating. This shows, that students are more likely to cheat on exams or assignments with no adult supervision. Obviously, Students who are attending classes online will more likely cheat in their courses because their is no adult supervision and they can always access another device other than their computers.

Some students say they would benefit from online courses and being able to be home while attending school from online, but others students would disagree and say they would not benefit from attending online school. Students say if they are to do online classes they would have no teacher assistance and some students would likely cheat on their assignments just to pass the course. In conclusion, schools that offer online school for students will not benefit them in any way like a classroom environment would if they were.