Should summer projects be teacher-designed or student-designed

Generic_Name

3/5/20

During the summer its our time to have fun and relax. During the summer we are allowed to hang out with friends, grow up, travel around the country and even the world in some cases. If you are going to design a project it should be student designed with an acception of a student/ teacher collab. The reason it should be student designed is to allow the students to make it fun for themselves and so they enjoy it. It makes since especially since the summer is our time to have fun. A few examples of cool, easy, and fun projects would be, to make a power point for example, but on this power point your gonna put pictures you've taken of places that you had visited this summer. You could also, do a story, you'd write about what you did this summer and you could have a paragraph for each week.

The summer is a hard time to do projects and to work on things. During the summer some kids travel, have jobs, or have plans to hangout with friends at the pool. Kids work way longer hours in the summers than the school months, allowing them to earn more money for a car. It's the one time of year were we don't have to worry about test or homework. So during this time I think they should help decide and create a project that will be do at the end of summer allowing them to chose what would be easier on them to do during their time. Having the teacher assign you something to do during the summer may not work out for most students because they don't know what each of their students will be doing all summer.

Students and teachers can work together on making the projects. If students and teachers worked together on making projects for the summer it wold allow the students and teachers to work something out allowing the teachers to make sure the students can get it done and it will not effect the students summer. The projects don't have to be easy but the must be sure to keep time in mind since the summer is the students time. The project should also be something fun to make the student want to do it and not want to procrastinate. They should also make the project due during the first week of school allowing the kids to be able to add finishing touches by letting them ask teachers what else they may need since they may have forgotten things during their summer break.

If the teacher makes the test they should keep the student in mind. They should keep in mind that the summer is the students time to Work, Party, and travel with family. They should also, keep in mind that people want to relax and enjoy the summer and a project that's not fun and nobody looks forward to doing is not something they should assign. They should assign something that students wont procrastinate on and not want to do. Cool project examples could be like creating a travel information sheet about what you did during the summer, a cool essay about your favorite place you had visited or wish to visit next summer, you could also do something were you'd take pictures of things you did and put them into a power pint explaining your favorite parts of that.

During the summer it is the students time to have fun and to relax, during this time they should have to work on something they want to do and created for themselves. This would allow the student to want to put effort into the project and make it fun for them to do during their own time. The best way to learn is to learn about something you love and want to learn about. Making someone learn something they may not want to learn about or make someone do when they dont want to shouldnt be your choice it should be theirs. A cool project that would be fine to assign over the summer would to be Assign yourself a goal and once you reach that goal write a 5 paragraph essay on it.