On May 24, 2001, a NASA Viking 1 spacecraft had saw a landform on Mars that had happened to look like a human face. The spacecraft had taken pictures of this landform and show the world a few days later in order to attract people to Mars. Some people, like conspiracy theorists, say that it's evidence of alien life that NASA has hidden from the public, but if this had been something NASA was hiding, they wouldn't have show that photo at all to the public. Scientists and astronaunts have denied this by adding titles that suggest otherwise on there photos, showing the photo in the first place, and going back up to space to take more pictures.

According to paragraphs 1 though 5, NASA had found a landforn that resembled a human face of an Egyptian Pharaoh located on a region called Cydonia. Mission control was surprised to see the face, but believed it was just another Martian mesa with unusual shadows, so they decided to reveal the pictures to the media, knowing there wasn't anything "top secret" or alien like about it. Then, according to paragraph 5, NASA had captioned the image, "huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth," basically telling the public that it was just a quirky looking natural landform, not a big alien conspiracy theory. People defending the NASA budget even claimed they wished there was an ancient civilization on Mars, basically meaning there wasn't life that they knew of. Finally,

in paragraph 7, another NASA spacecraft went over Cydonia on APril 5, 1998 and took better, sharper pictures, showing that it was just a natural landform that didn't have a civilization in it.

In conlusion, NASA was not trying to hide a whole big alien civilization theory from the world. They had just saw a cool natural landform with weird shadows that made it look like a human face and decided to share it with the world. If there was a conspiracy, NASA wouldn't have showed the picture to the world, added a title stating that it was an artifact, or have willingly went back up to space to take another picture of the landform. Therefore, NASA is not hiding any ancient alien civilizations from the United States, or any other part of the world.   