"I just have no clue what to do!" Generic_Name exclaimed. "I don't like how Generic_Name has been treating me recently, and I heard all the horrible things she's said about me!" she cried. "Then get rid of her," Generic_Name scowled, "Tell her you don't want to be friends with a liar." "Well I wouldn't want to hurt her," Generic_Name said with a tears rolling down her face. "Who cares? She deserves it." Generic_Name claimed, encouraging Generic_Name. "Then it's settled, I will confront her tomorrow." Generic_Name stated boldly. The next day, Generic_Name struts into school. She is like a solider ready for battle. Generic_Name stomps right up Generic_Name's locker and slams it shut. "Hey! What was that for?" Generic_Name questions. "We are done being friends. I can't be around a liar and a cheat!" Generic_Name snaps. "Wh- What are you talking about?" Generic_Name whimpers with tears in her eyes. "I know you have been talking trgenGeneric_Name about me, and I'm done. I should've known. You have been jealous of me from the second we met at that dance center. I have always been better than you!" Generic_Name says with a grin across her face. "Generic_Name, we've been best friends since we were two. I would never do anything to hurt you." Generic_Name sobs. "Not anymore!" Generic_Name shouts as she turns away. Seeking multiple opinions when asking for advice is better because it will give you better judgment, help you see the other person's perspective, and could prevent you from saying hurtful things you might regret.

First off, talking to different people when seeking advice is better because it will give you better judgment. For example, if I thought that someone was being fake towards me, and I asked two different people, one might say to confront them, and one might tell me to ignore them. From there, I can decide which path to take. Secondly, a situation could be interpreted two totally different ways. For instance, one person might think that the person you are having an issue with meant to hurt you, and another might think it was an innocent mistake. My last reason is, after hearing multiple people talk about the situation at hand, you can decide which one is true to you. Picture this, two people tell me totally different ways to handle something, and I pick the non-confrontational one, this way I'm choosing to handle the situation my way. Overall, talking to different people can give you better judgment and clarity in the end.

Next, talking to multiple people can give you perspective. For instance, it could help you understand someone else's side of the story and what you're upset about may be false information. Furthermore, you could realize that the other person is the one that needs help. For example, if I am upset that someone has become distant with me, maybe it is because they are unhappy and want to be alone and it isn't your doing after all. Lastly, you have to understand how the other person feels in certain instances. Specifically, If someone came up to you and started screaming like at you like Generic_Name did, you would be upset too. In summary, talking to two or more people when seeking advice could help you understand the other person's mindset.

My last point is, talking to different people can prevent you from saying something you might regret. For example, in the story above, talking to two people would've stopped Generic_Name from calling Generic_Name those mean names. Secondly, people could take the mean things you say to heart and feel very offended. In fact, they could feel so upset that they start believe the things you said in spur of the moment. Finally, you could be saying all these mean things just because you are angry. In fact, 87% of things said in arguments aren't true, they just come from the anger in the moment. Therefore, you could just be angry at what this person did, so you say everything that is on your mind, instead of stepping away and biting your tongue.

Now let's look back on the beginning of the essay with Generic_Name and Generic_Name, but with our new outlook on asking for advice. "I just have no clue what to do!" Generic_Name exclaimed. "I don't like how Generic_Name has been treating me recently, and I heard all the horrible things she's said about me!" she cried. "Then get rid of her," Generic_Name scowled, "Tell her you don't want to be friends with a liar." "Well I wouldn't want to hurt her, I will probably talk with Generic_Name about it, I want to her advice too." The next day, Generic_Name chats with Generic_Name at lunch. "Hey Generic_Name, can I talk to you about something?" Generic_Name says nervously.

"Sure, girl! You know I have your back no matter what," Generic_Name smiles. "Well, Generic_Name has been treating me weird and I don't like it. People have been telling me she has been talking bad about me too," Generic_Name whimpers. "Generic_Name, that's crazy. You guys have been friends forever. I know Generic_Name would never do anything like that. Just talk to her about it." " I just don't want to lose her" Generic_Name whines. "You won't," Generic_Name says, giving her a tight hug. "Thank you so much,Generic_Name." In conclusion, talking to multiple people is a better choice because it will give you better judgment, perspective, and prevent you from saying things you will regret. Overall, talking to multiple people clearly was the better choice for Generic_Name, and it will always lead you to a more peaceful solution.                  