Summer is all fun and games right up until you see the big 100 problem algbra 2 packet Mrs. Generic_Name left for you to do over summer. You had dreaded the day to do it, but nect week starts school.

Although this is frowned upon through most sutdents eyes and wanting to determine what they have to get done, their teachers know what they have to achieve to ready themselves for the next grade.

Schools should require teacher designed assinmnets over the summer to ready their students for the upcoming year.

Schools should require teacher designed assinmnets over the summer to ready their students for the upcoming year. Even though many student believe they are mature enough to assign and design student based summer prjects, they do not know what is in store for them in the upcoming grade. My aunt had always been a straight A+ student athlete, getting great grades while playing a sport, she had also had a job working at a restraunt down the street from my grandparents house. She had always had an idea of what to expect, because of the mnay assignments he had been assigned to complete before the school year started. Many students go into the school year blind and have to figure a way out of the darkness, but if teachers create summer project for their students to complete, students will have an idea of what to expect from their teachers and the work load that carries over with them.

Schools should require teacher designed assinmnets over the summer to ready their students for the upcoming year. Most summer times are used for having fun and hanign with friends in a teenagers mindset. But as teens get older they are needed to be more responsible and act as young adults. My uncle had struggled with school through highschool wanting to succeed but could never. He had always turned things in late and procrastinated until the last second. Until he had to figure out that the adult life is coming around the corner, he had started to turn things in on time and get the good grades by teachers personally assigning him stuff to work on over the summer to help him get ready for the school year and showing that being responible and orgnaized will help you succeed through life. Teacher designed summer projects will help students prepare on how to be responsible and complete their work on time and not preocratinate until the last second and prove that being responsible and completing work on time will help them through life.

Schools should require teacher designed assinmnets over the summer to ready their students for the upcoming year. Many student will not have the right abilites to challenge themselves as hard as they should be, even though they are asked to design challenging student based summer projects. Most kids in school do not challenge themselves as academically as they should. Kids goof off until the last min until assignments have to be turned in late and asking for mercy to their teachers what can they do to get their grade up. Students are never up to challenge their academic capabilities and could not create student based summer projects. Students would try and find the easy way out. Teacher designed summer projects will help students prepare to be challenged through the upcoming years and work around the problem instead of trying to hit right through it.

Being responsible, turning in work on time, expectations for the new year, and being challenged through summer assignments are a big take on how students will preform through their school year. Even though teacher based summer assignments are frowned upon, they will help the age of students ready for their school year and strive to working harder, faster, and smarter. 