PHONES & DRIVING

In today's day and age, technology has drastically increased. People now days seem to rely on their devices more than anything. People surely can't get their eyes off the devices for more than at least a minute. They look at the phone while walking, eating at a dinner table, or even in class while their supposed to be learning. But the main problem that is occurring is people texting on their phone while driving an automobile. This brings up the question if drivers should or shouldn't be able to use their cellphones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

In my perspective, I believe drivers shouldn't be able to use their cellphones while driving. For starters, you're taking your eyes off the road. This is extremely dangerous because it only takes five seconds (minimal amount) of your time taken away from the road for an extreme accident to occur. For example, if u is driving at 55mph while texting or looking at your phone; within them seconds you could have easily got into a car accident with major injuries. This reason is only one reason you shouldn't be able to use your cellphone while driving.

Another reason that you shouldn't be able to use your cellphone while driving is it puts your life at risk and put other innocent lives at risk. When you make the decision to text and drive, you make the decision to risk the lives of those around you and your life as well. That simple action of "answering a quick text" or even glancing at a text means that you are selfishly putting other people's lives in danger. It is one thing to put your own life in danger, but it is unfair and unnecessary to risk the lives of others. These innocent people; young children, friends in your car, pedestrians, and fellow drivers, did absolutely nothing wrong and are forced to have their lives at risk solely due to a poor decision that you made.

The last and final reason is that it's illegal. Regardless of the all the harm caused by texting and driving, it is also illegal in many states. Fines and punishments for texting and driving range greatly depending on the state that you live in; for some states, the fine is merely $20, however, in others, it can be up to $500. And, if the action of texting and driving ends in injuring any other individuals, you can actually end up in jail, depending on the severity of the injury. This right here is just the icing on the cake as to why you should stop texting and driving!

In conclusion, people shouldn't be able to operate a cellphone while driving a vehicle because it is very dangerous and also illegal. Taking your eyes off the road for one text can take a life. So please keep your eyes on the road and don't pick up the phone.    