Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Cell phones are one of the most important things to us kids these days. I think that we should be able to use them during lunch and our free time because it's completely understandable to want to have kids focused during their class time. The hours during school are some of the most important when it comes to developing an education, but why not during our free time when no one is teaching? When nothing important is really going on in our free-time?

I think that during lunch and free times during school is a perfect time for cell phone usage like texting. It's not in the way of our education process and its the time when we like to have connections, and talk with our friends if their not right there next to us having a conversation. I understand why teachers don't like their students to have their phones out in the middle of the classroom- because it distracts them from learning in class on things that will help them to succeed in life to fulfil their dreams of what they want to be in life.

Teachers are always getting on to students about talking to loudly or talking to much, but you know maybe during those lunch times if we text our friends instead at lunch or a little in between our classes, maybe things would be a little more quieter and possibly more organized instead of us running around like crazy, screaming for our friends- you dislike that behavior- so why not try to make things a little more organized? A little more quiet?

Students and most kids with cell phones usually try to text during class and hide it when something important comes up- and yes most of your staff ( teachers ) would say if its that important write it down and tell them when you see them. But there's the dilemma, what if you don't even see that person in your classes? What if its a friend of yours and they missed something in class because they were absent that and they need to text them during their passing period to say "Oh hey buddy you missed the quiz on ecology." or something along the lines of " Hey you missed a few work sheets in math today, ill pick them up for you and bring them to you after school." They should be able to use a phone during free time or lunch, or some other time when their not in class learning.

Also to have this privilege on the way in to any of the students classes they have their phones checked. To ensure the teachers that their phones are off- to respect the policy and its guidelines to having that privilege.

These are some reasons that we should allow kids to have their phones out ONLY in free time, lunch, passing periods, anything that's not during their class time that can disrupt their learning process- if its a friend missing school, some one being late, trying to be more organized, or if you need to tell someone something really important and cant wait until you see that person 3 hours later? And have them be checked to make sure their off on the way in to class? Maybe these reasons can help you pick the better policy ; policy one: to allow students to bring phones to school and use them during lunch periods and other free times as long as the phones are turned off during class time.