Driverless cars on coming soon, and most people aren't worried or see the danger of any of this. To have many self driving cars on the street is dangerous and unless the cars have been tested and are fully operational with no common errors or bugs.

Before creating driverless cars, it is very important that they have been vigerously tested and confirmed to be safe. Regulations in most states state that it is illegal to test the computer-driven cars. Safty is a huge factor in deciding weather or not the driverless cars should be everywhere on the street, however they won't be "everywhere" for a while. The technology is well known to be expensive, but this can still be at a great risk.

Google's self driving cars are still in development, but recently in the last few months they've gotten into wrecks, and in one case, hit a man on camera, however he is fine now. A situation like that scared a lot of people and changed their mind on these cars. Whether or not the car was still in development doesn't matter, what matters is that these self-driven cars have the ability to do this damage. This isn't even my greatest fear about these cars yet.

Buying a self-driven car has what benifits? Bragging rights? It's a two-hundred thousand early adopter fee, because it's very enforced that you don't fall asleep even if your car is driving for you. The driver still needs to pay attention to the road because at a time that the car doesn't know what to do next, as it goes onto an unmapped road in it's data base, it will alert the driver to take over. In a similar case, the system fails, because computers fail everyday, the driver is not paying attention because his new car can drive by itself, then the system fails as the car is going sixty miles per hour on a road with many other cars. Accidnets can occur if the driver believes that their new car can do everything by itself.

My main issue with these cars is what if someone hacks your car? It sounds silly and far fetched at first, but it has already happened. Some kids in their parent's basement decided to hack a car, just to see if they could, and they sucsessfully did. There was a bug in the software of a particular, non self-driving car, took control of the steering and disaled the breaks. If this can happen to human-driven car, then the odds of this happening to a fully computer operated vehicle will be more copious. If some kids had the ability to do this, imagine all of the car crashes and injuries that could occur if many or most cars on the street were self-driven.

The rise of self-driving cars is a bad idea, it's going to happen, many companies are working hard to be the first, and there is money to be made. There are a lot of problems that rise up with cars that drive themselves, being the drivers themselves not paying attention, the computer shutting down, malfunctioning, or being hacked. There is too much risk in a rise of this caliber.