The face. A pop icon, a very controversial topic, an alien landform. Those are some of the most common pieces of discussion surrounding this mysterious landfrom captured in 1976. Is it a hub for aliens? Is it a landform much like the ones we study in the American West? There are many theorists that believe the landform has alien origins, but they have no substantial evidence. While many continue to believe given the reality, there are no alien origins to this landform.

There was no alien life form ever captured in any pictures. In 1998, the picture was retaken 10 times sharper than the one released in 1976. It showed, absolutely no signs of any alien life at all. Still, many believed NASA was covering up some conspiracy surrounding aliens, or blaming the weather, which happened to be cold and cloudy. Since the weather could have been a factor, they reshot the picture in 2001 on a sunny and cloudless day, with a better spacecraft, and Jim Garvin, the chief scientist at NASA stated that it looked like a butte or mesa, landforms common in the midwest. He called it a lava dome that had taken the form of a mesa, having the same height as the face, proving there to be no alien origins, just a natural landform.

If there was alien life form on Mars,NASA would benefit from it. They would go down in history as the first people to have discovered alien life, get funding for years of research, and become more popular than ever, increasing their livelyhood. A few scientists believed the face was an alien artifact, showing that the scientists had also been hoping for any chance of alien activity, but hadn't found any. They released pictures to the media, asked for feedback, and kept everyone updated on their findings. They themselves seemed optimistic in the first two expeditions to Mars, hoping to find any signs of alien life, reshooting repeatedly to get the best picture. It would be useless for NASA to not release information that could be beneficial to themselves.

They took multiple sets of pictures in different years. They performed multiple trips to Cydonia, snapping multiple pictures. They went in 1976, when it was first discovered, 1998, revealing no alien life form, and 2001, revealing it to be a lava dome. Each time, they took multiple pictures, studying and publishing them for the world to see. They had found absolutley nothing in 1998 and 2001 that could point to any life forms existing on Mars, proving the theory of aliens on the face to be false.

While many people continue to believe that the face is proof of aliens, they have no concrete evidence. They are using old tales, myth, and folklore, with little to no evidence to help their argument. All the arguemnts made against the pictures were silenced, making it impossible to find strong evidence to prove alien origins. After snapping the picture in 2001, it became clear the face was just a mesa, nothing more than a natural landform with odd shadows and ridges, resembling a face.                 