Over the last few decades, technology has been evolving rapidly, and it has helped society in numerous ways whether it be from making transportation or communication easier. Technology has even made it possible to make the opposite corners of the world seem close, and this is mostly because of electronics allowing everyone to be able to communicate through online chatting and video conferencing. Some of the few thing it has managed to do is help companies on different side of the world form deals with each other and allow people to meet others who they would of never meet before if it wasn't for the internet and other technologies. One of the areas that technology has impacted the most is in education. Now days, notes can be put up online, so when a student is sick, they can just check their teacher's website. Also, it allows for books reports and research papers to be a lot easier to do because student no longer have to go all the libraries searching for a specific book for support on their report. They can just go online and look up some information or read e books. Technology has already taken society this far in education, but it can go another step further. School should give students the option to attend school from home because it has so many benefits such as allowing sick students or students who are away on vacation to still attend class and enable students who want to learn the same curriculum public schools teaches but have the same environment as home school does.

One of the biggest reasons student are absent from school is because of sicknesses, and this, a lot of the time, leads to students getting behind in their classes just because the student was not able to get out of bed or was contagious; however, with schools enabling their students to be able to attend class from home through online chats or video conferences it allows the students to be given another opportunity to still attend class from the comfort of their own home. In addition, students also sometimes miss school on behalf of a family emergency or vacation. Usually when a family vacation is planned, it is not a decision made by the students but rather their parent. A lot of time the vacation can last about a week or more, and ,consequently, lead to the student getting immensely behind in their classes. In some cases, it can take weeks for the students to catch up on all the work causing the student unnecessary stress. With schools allowing their student to attend class through video conference this takes preventative action from the student getting too behind in their classes.

Another great benefit of schools having an option for their students to attend classes through online chats and video conferences is providing those who like the environment of homeschooling to have the same opportunities academically as those in public school. A sufficient percentage of American students every year prefer to be home school because of the low stress environment and flexible hours. Sometimes, a students could even want to be home schooled because they have social anxiety; however, those who are home schooled are limited to whatever subjects their teacher , who is usually their parent, is able to teach. This puts them at a disadvantage because they would be missing out on opportunities to take higher level classes such as Advance placement and Duel Enrollment classes. This make them have a harder time getting accepted into college. If schools had the option for the students to attend school via the internet, this would give those who want to take challenging classes but still want to learn from home have an opportunity to be able to achieve their goals academically.

Having schools provide their students with another way to attend school will have considerable positive impacts. It allows for students to not get too behind on their work just because they were sick or on vacation, and it provides those who prefer a more relaxed environment to be able to learn public school curriculum. This can potentially lead to students doing even better in school because they are learning in an environment that suits them better. One concern schools might have is if they give this option of attending school online, would none of the students actually be physically present in school? However, that is not a concern that schools should worry about. Many student actually prefer to be physically present in school and to have a more competitive environment. Also, going to school gives the student more opportunities to see their friends too. The option of letting student attend schools online is just for those who are unable to make it or prefer a home environment in comparison to a school environment. Schools enabling their students to have this opportunity will have immense amounts of positive effects. Technology has already furthered education so far. Attending school via video conferences would be the next step to take.