Students are often required to complete projects during their summer vacation to ensure they are continuing to learn and practice a subject. Teachers, those who assign and grade the projects, are the experts when it comes to their course. Students need to learn to think outside the box, and having the pressure to come up with their own assignment can be stress-inducing. While some may think students would be allowed more creative room if they made their own summer assignments, I believe teachers should design their students summer projects.

Teachers go to college to earn their education in a specific field in which they would like to teach. Therefore, they spend years upon years learning how to teach that subject of choice. They become experts. In no way is this to discredit the students, as for many, they eventually become very knowledgable in said subject. However, when asked who knows more about a class, it is without a doubt, the teacher. Therefore, why would a student be asked to create a summer assignment when the teacher is the expert in the course? The teacher knows the subject material, so they would also know what would be the most beneficial towards improving a student's knowledge on the course. The students are creative; however, they aren't masters, so they shouldn't be pressured to create their own project.

While some may argue this negates the students ability to express creativity, I believe this forces them to be more open minded. I was once assigned a project in my art class that required using colored pencils to create an abstract piece. I had no experience with the medium or style or artwork; I would have never chosen either. However, this project subsequently became my favorite pieces I've ever made. If one is presented with an assignment they find challenging and undisierable, they are then forced to use creativity to work with it. Rather than recieving the option to make a project they know will be good at and find easier, they are given something they have to work with. This, alone, allows them to make controlled choices about how they choice to complete an assignment.

The ability to choose allows freedom; however, in some cases, choice arrouses anxiety. When a student is posed with the freedom to create whatever assignment they would like over the summer, they may have no idea what to do. If every student has the ability to design different projects ,all completely different, they won't be able to work together or ask questions. While school is out, they most likely won't be able to ask their teachers for help one their summer projects. The stress is taken off their shoulders if they know their isn't another option, esspecially if they don't actually want to make their own assignment.

Summer projects are beneficial towards the developement of ones knowledge in a particular subject. In order for students to learn how to think critically and reduce stress, I believe teachers should design those summer assignments. Afterall, they are considered experts in their field. 