Holding my stick, as sweat was running down my face, and my hands shaking with the ball in my stick. I ran to the goal. Using all the my strength, I shot as hard as I could in the goal. Finally, the moment I had been waiting for I scored the winning goal, breaking the tied game. I felt my whole body burst with joy, hearing the crowd and my team mates scream with excitement was a feeling I will never forget. It is a feeling I hope everyone can feel one day. Playing sports really boosted my self-esteem, with unforgettable memories. I believe everyone should participate in some sort of extracurricular activity in school. That could be playing a sport, being in a club, helping in yearbook, even being a student council, and many other activities students can do.

First, I think students should participate in extracurricular activities because it helps students interact with other students and even adults. Interacting with other students in school will be very helpful in life. Students need to learn to get along with others and respect one another. Most jobs are required for you to interact with other people. Not everyone likes to interact with others, but when participating in any extracurricular activity it gives you the chance to practice this and work on getting better for later on in life.

Next, when students do extracurricular activities they are less likely to be lazy. If they are doing a sport, club, or participating in any other activities they will be active in that activity. When doing extracurricular activities students will always be working hard in whatever they may be doing. Teaching students to work hard in life and school leads to success. The students doing these extracurricular activities will most likely to have more success than the ones who don't do any sports or activities, and are lazy and don't care about doing anything at all. Working hard in life can also help students self esteem. When you work hard you will probably be proud and accomplished for yourself. That could make a big impact on students lives.

Lastly, almost everyone has a dream college they would love to get in to. Colleges look at the students grades, but they also look at the extracurricular activities the student has done. When students do extracurricular activities it helps them. The more extracurricular activities you do, the better it is for applicating for a college and better for later in life. Some people don't always believe this is true, but it is proved that the more extracurricular activities you do the better the student will do.

Therefore, if everyone did extracurricular activities, then they would be much more successful. So the next time you see a sign-up sheet for a sport you think you would like. Sign-up for that sport. Or even when the class votes for the student president, try being the class president. Go for it and think about all the reasons it could help you. It could help you more than you think. Extracurricular activities will lead to your success.          