No Phones Behind The Wheel

Cell phones are devices that connects people all around the world and also is a main way of communication. Through the use of social media such as twitter, snapchat, and instagram many can interact with each other electronically rather than in person. Not only did these devices create a new platform of communication, but also expanded the idea of social interaction. However, cell phones are known to become very addictive and can be considered a hazardous device when used under the wrong circumstances. It can become a major distraction and even put many lives in danger, including the driver. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones while operating a vehicle as it can cause life threatening accidents, inattentional blindness, and goes against the law in many states.

As millions of people use cars as a mode of transportation, cellular devices can easily be accessed on a regular basis and put drivers at risk of a serious accident. Not only could this affect one person, but also others in the roadway that are also in risk due terrible decision making by one person. As these devices become more of an occurrence, studies have shown,"

....annual injury and fatal reports found that the use of cellphones causes 26% of the nation's car accidents, a modest increase from the previous year" (USA Today). This comes to show that about one fourth of car accidents are caused by cell phones, very dangerous and deadly device that can change an outcome on the roadway in a heartbeat. All in all, as people become more dependent on phones, the percentage of car accidents will only increase throughout the years.

Inattentional blindness is a resulting factor from cellular devices as it draws attention away from the road and results in not fully noticing visible objects in plain sight. A main example of this is driving while texting; as the brain is focused on sending out a text, an individual can fail to perceive an object from the corner of their eye. Even though the humans brain is advanced in so many ways, it still has its difficulties," When we are driving, the is a huge amount of sensory information that our brain must deal with" (Pammer). As a result, drivers can not one hundred percent focus on driving and sending out a text at the same time due limited usage of how the brain works. Thus, by having temporary inattentional blindness drivers can put their lives and other lives at risk as well simply because their lack of attention on the highway.

In addition, not only can driving while using a cellular device lead to a fatal or very serious accident, but it also be illegal depending on the state. By texting and driving in states like Georgia, a driver can face fines when caught by the police. This law which is banning people by physically using their cell phones while driving only adds more safety precaution," Those caught breaking the rules- even tapping "play" on a spotify playlist while not parked- face a 50$ fine which doubles upon their second offense" (USA Today). Due to more and more people being prone to car accidents as a result of cell phone usage, more laws are being made to punish these users so fatalities or injuries can be prevented. To sum up, as drivers become more attached to their phones and abuse their right to drive legally, punishments are being made to keep the road safe and protected from reckless driving.

In conclusion, cell phones also has many positives as it increases the way many people interact with one another. Google maps and different other apps can be very beneficial when it comes to finding specific locations. However, with many perks comes many flaws as these devices can cause a life changing accident in a matter of seconds. It can also be a sneaky distractor in which it can take a drivers full attention off the road and minimize their vision on it. Heavy fines and serious consequences may be taken place when a cellular device is used in a state where it is illegal. In summary, as this very popular innovation develops, drastic measures have to be taken into place to prevent harmful disasters on the roads.         