seeking for multiple opinions when you have to make a decision , or solve a problem, is very useful .

its a very good idea to look for other opinions on a problem or situation. because the person, or people you ask may have been through something similar, or had to make a similar decision , or could know what youre dealing, with and the way to resolve it. they could have bin in the spot you`re in. or they know other people who have made the same design and know what you should decide or what to do.

so consoling and asking for there opinion, could be very benifishal to you , and to the design you make . so its very smart console other people about the problems ,and decision you have .

it can be very stressful to make some decisions , or to solve particular problems. and stress isnt pleasant

, so it would be smart to get stress of your back ,so that the design you make, or the problem you solve . and a way to do that is to ask someone who is experienced, and that knows what to decide.

or that knows what you can do to improve your situation , or knows how you can relieve stress and not think about what you should decide . so its very helpful if you console someone with experience , and intelligence . it can make the outcome very good , and it can help with similar problems in the future.

and this can make you more experienced with what you were trying to figure out ,or solve. you could have made a mistake or made the wrong design, and know you know what to do because you learned from the last time. or maybe you made the right decisons ,and know you know what to do . and you can help people with the same problem, or lesson , and know you know how to help them make the right one. and if you help them figure it out then possibly they could help someone in the future with the same problem as they did, and as you did . that way you and the person you helped , can help other people that also had the same , or similar problems and that is why its a good,

and smart idea to seek others opinions in tuff situations, or problems . it can change the outcome and make the decision you make a good one . 