Dear school administrator,

I do not agree with this decision at all, many of the students can not keep up with the curriculum and a C grade is maybe the farthest their effort will get them, some students are to caught up in their sport that they might not be able to keep up with the class, maybe you can lower the grade average, or think of other alternatives to get the student where they need to be.

Many students work and try hard in school, but yet still don't get A and B grades. They shouldn't be punished by penalizing them from the sport they love to play. One of my best friends plays on the school's basketball team and i see how hard she has to work to get the grades she is earning. If she worked that hard and still got a C, then i think the school should still let her play basketball because she had done all her assignments, completed all of her missing work and worked hard to try and stay on that team, and for the school to say that she cant play because she has a C would be truly unfair to her. Maybe a student is to caught up in their sport to even keep up with their homework or projects.

A lot of times a student is playing a sport, and that's the only thing their life revolves around at the moment. They put their social life on hold, they put their school work aside, and that sport is the only thing that matters to them. For example, last year in seventh grade I was involved in an after school sport. Each day i would come home at three o' clock from school. After a long day, i' d get my things ready for practice and made sure i had every single thing i needed. I would then make sure i had a healthy snack and i would leave for practice. Practice usually lasted about three to three and a half hours. When i was done my mom would pick me up around seven fifteen. By that time, i was very tired and worn out. We would sit down eat dinner, then i would take a quick shower and i was done for the day. At that point it was around ten o' clock and i was done for the day, i was completely worn out and then it was time to go to bed. As you can see, it is very hard for students to complete their work after school when they are in a busy sport. It would probably just be best to lower the grade or give an alternative to the children enabling them to make that average grade of a B.

Sometimes a student needs some time to do homework during school or extra credit. Some alternatives could be, an extra class that helps students on homework opr even just extra credit. That would definitively help a student with their work. Maybe the teachers could pay extra attention to that student or anything that will help them. All nin all, students should