The Face on Mars isn't created by aliens, it's just a landform made. There is evidence to prove that the Face on Mars isn't created by the aliens. The face on Mars isn't a creation made by the aliens. It isn't because why would the aliens want to create such a thing like that? On paragraph 8 in the passage it states "The Face on Mars is located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it was winter '98- a cloudy time of the Red Planet" is what it says. If that was true, that it was a cloudy winter climate then the aliens wouldn't have enough time to be doing a creation like the face. The aliens would have no clue on how to do a face on Mars. The Face on Mars is just a natrual landform, nothing else. The aliens didn't do a face on Mars. To prove that, evidence from the passage says "Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing...a natrual landform." the web even says that it's just a landform. When the web surfers wanted information about it the web just said that it's a natrual landform. The whole Face on Mars is a landform that scientist found on Mars. The Face on Mars from 1976 till 2001 changed a lot. In 1976 they didn't have much technology to see the face clearly, so they thought it was a face of an alien because the picture was blurry and it looked from a blur that it was an aliens face. Until now in 2001 technology made it clear to see that it's just a landform that is cracked and looks from far away like a face of an alien. Evidence from the passage states that "Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resoluion." the team took a photo with an amazing camera to make it clear that it wasn't a face. It made it clear to see that it was just a landform. As you can see that the Face is just a landform and not a face of an alien. NASA wants to make you think it was a face of an alien but it really isn't. The researchers found evidence of the Face on Mars that it's just a landform. Don't make pictures fool you, because sometimes they aren't as clear as you think.