This is an interesting topic that must be presented more. Technology has come a long way for example, handwriting, post riders by horse and delivery systems, telephone operator switchboards, house phones, emails coming from a computer and eventually we got to cell phones, smart TVs, and smart cars. With standard technology not only did it bring a lot of different ways of communicating with others it has brought many dangers to people and the community but the difference from using devices then is that it is now dangerous. In this essay I will cover a few reasons, statistics and solutions.

In this day in time we have started to depend on our cellular devices more than ever.

Nowadays some people do not like to talk on the cell phone but instead send text messages or self-gratification such as pictures and videos while driving. Texting and driving have been a leading cause of car crashes, bodily injury, and even deaths. The reasons why people should not use cell phones while driving is because you are not in control or fully focused and you are more likely to get in a car crash and most likely be at fault for it. It is one of the leading causes of deaths on the highway, and it is also illegal to use phones while driving now.

Statistics show "Texting while driving is more of a problem now than ever, as 69 percent of

U.S. drivers between the ages of 18 to 64 have admitted to using their cell phones while driving.

Statistics show "Texting while driving is more of a problem now than ever, as 69 percent of

U.S. drivers between the ages of 18 to 64 have admitted to using their cell phones while driving, during the previous month." Since texting increases the likelihood of accidents by 23 times. It is a habit that must be stopped, across age groups and geographic locations alike. It only takes three seconds for a crash to occur after a driver becomes distracted by their cell phone or any other device. "While 26 percent of all motor vehicle crashes are related to the use of cell phones. Each day the average of 11 teens die in crashes caused by texting and driving."

The solutions to preventing the mishaps from texting and driving. For example, do not use the phone for talking, texting, and social media while driving. You can turn your phone on silent or just turn it off so you can avoid getting any notifications or distractions. If you are with a passenger or more, if it is needed let them send the message for you or check the notifications instead of putting everybody and yourself at risk for something that can wait. If it is urgent you can even pull over and check it if there is no risk of dangers. If you are a licensed driver you are expected to obey the laws on cell phone usage and operating a vehicle.

These are the reasons why cell phone usage should be prohibited while driving. It is simply not worth it, you can also be arrested and fined. Also, you can cause hurt and heart ache between family and friends and it can weigh heavily on your conscience financially and mentally. This is one area my parents constantly talk about when teaching me how to drive. I can agree it is a distraction to many teenagers but one story my mom shared with me about a young girl getting killed while texting will always be in my subconscious. I have decided life is more important than a moment of inference while driving.

Reference:

Copyright (c) 2020 teendriving. com. All rights reserved.

Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress retrived 2020/4/26 2020 drivingschool. net         