Texting and driving

Texting and driving is something common a lot of people do now a day. There are so many problems with cellphone usage while driving. Many people think it's okay to use their phones while driving, but I personally think it is not okay for people to text and drive. Some people rather risk their life's than to be careful about their surrounding and how one car accident can cause so much damage all because that one person wanted to be on their phone. It doesn't just have to be texting it can be in general by just being on your phone. People get way too distracted by cellphone usage.

Cellphones make a big impact on people, who knew that cellphones can be that addicting. It doesn't matter where you are you turn your head and you see someone on their phone because it is so addicting. It almost like having a coffee addiction. When you see people crossing a cross walk you insatiately see a phone in someone's hands and half of the time there not looking at where there going they just walk and walk until they run into somethings. Cellphones are a huge addiction in today's society for everyone including teenagers. You see cellphones almost everywhere you going. You will be shocked about how many people use their phones a day.

When you're driving and you're on your cellphone is really risky. It can cause many problems as in you cashing into someone else or you can go off the road and get in an accident. There have been many different accidents because people want to be on their phone and not focus on the road. Texting and driving can many deaths as well. People die of being in car accidents when the driver is texting. People don't look on the outside of how many tragic thinks can happen in a blink of an eye. It can be life changing too because you never know what can happen or go wrong. Many people don't know how much damage can happen. People die, vision lost, no arm, no leg, an arm, etc. none of this is replaceable but every material thing can be. That's what people don't understand. People need to be careful of their surroundings and, be careful who you have in the car.

People have habits of looking at their phones once they hear a ring. They right away have to go see what it was or who it was. That's where the distraction comes from and that were people get into trouble with officers or car accidents etc. because they get distracted by the ring of a phone. There is always pros and cons about things people being on the phone. Some of the pros are if you have the sound on it is always good for important in the case of an emergency. You always have something on the side or if someone else calls you and it is an emergency. Some of the cons is that people use it for other purposes which is to text, snapchat, twitter, Instagram etc. and they think they can multi task but some people can't. That's why it's better to put the phone down and let social media wait before there is an accident.

It's better to save your life and some else's.

Being safe is one on the most important things. A text message or video call, snapchat, Instagram is not worth you in bad conditions or you causing a death to yourself or to someone else. Phone are becoming to be more addicting by the day and you would be shocked about how much technology has gone up. Keep all eyes on the road never look down and stay focus.             