Dear Florida senator,

I think that we should keep the Electoral College vote system, because it is pretty much the same thing as election by popular vote. When you vote for your canidatate, you're voting for his electors. Then those electors vote for their presidential nominee. Not often do the electors betray their canidate, so odds are the popular vote will win.

Also, the Electoral College system avoids run-off elections when no canidate wins a majority of the votes, the Electoral college produces a clear winner.

Another reason to keep the Electoral College vote is because if we had to vote by popular vote, it wouldn't be fair to some of the states. Canidates tend to visit the big states that have an impact on their election. That means that the states with a lower population don't get to see what the canidates have to offer.

Next reason is because some of the presidential canidates could be favored by some of the regions. For example, obama was elected as first African American president, and a lot of African Americans were excited, and voted for him. Some of the people didn't even care what he had to offer. The Electoral College reduces the chance of that happening because the regions vote doesn't have a big impact on the election.

Lastly, we should keep this voting system because when the citizens vote for a presidential canidate, they vote for the electors. They choose electors that are going to vote for the party's nominee. So basically, if one of the canidates wins the popular vote, and the electors go to vote, the one with the more popular votes is going to win most likely. It rarley ever happens that the elector for one nominee votes for the other.

I believe we should keep Electoral College vote because it is much like election by popular vote. It is also more fair between big and small populations of states, and presidential canidates can not be favored by regions they come from. The Electoral College system is a good way to vote.

Sincerely PROPER_NAME, American citizen.    