Dear State Senator,

After learning that the Electoral College is a process, and not a place, I've started thinking. What were the founding fathers thinking when they said that people can vote collectively onto the president when we actually vote for the state electors. People who change their vote onto the president they aren't being representing on again.

Say I wanna vote for Barack Obama but I actually vote for a Elector that is represented by Barack Obama. The elector votes not for Barack Obama but his opposing competition, and now our president, isnt the one I voted for.

In the Electoral College ther are so many loop hole we dont even see. We aren't even voting for the person we want. We are just voting for a person in the house who votes who they feel is the better president. Better yet, the can just represent kennedy and just vote the competing side if he really wants.

To make things worse, the good representatives dont have a chance depending on the state you represent in. so all the republican representatives can go over to the democratic side and vote for their president of choice because they have taken over the voting. Totally taking over the right to vote for president freely as a nation sorta thing.

More or less our vote does matter. In 2012 the popular vote was very close in Florida; even so Obama won the vote and got 29 electoral votes. If he represented Wyoming instead of Florida he would have got only 3 electoral votes because of the Democratic and Repubilic electors.

Larger states get the more attention tho, and when the president represents the larger state that votes toward his kind of Republic or Democrat field it is more likely that he will win of popular vote. If we dont vote for him his state representative electors wont get the chance to vote for the presdent or vice president we want, and then we wont be able to vote collectivly as a nation.

Now to the more and most important part of this letter. I implore you to change the rule so that the people as a whole can vote for their elected president, not for a elector of the president. I feel that when the founding fathers spoke of "people of america with the right to vote", we will get to vote without cheats and without backdoors in the law. So as a citizen of the united states, I wish that you will do the right thing for the people of the nation of freedom and give us a choice. Give us a chance to vote for OUR president and take down the electoral collage process.

Love, PROPER_NAME aka student            