People who drive while texting or on a call put themselves and others in danger while being distracted by the phones.

It is very dangerous and irresponsible for people to be on their phones while driving. It always causes and accident which leads to death, laws being broken and innocent people having to suffer the consequences of others. Texting while driving will always be dangerous to everyone involved making it a hazard to anyone.

When people start to text or call their focus starts to drift away from driving and keeping an eye on the road. When driving you must keep focus on the road and making sure you do not run into anything or anyone. But once you start to text someone else or talking on the phone you start to become more involved with the phone instead of the road. That is when accidents start to accrue and people begin to get hurt. Many people have been victims of people who are on the phone texting instead of watching where they were driving. There has been Multiple of people, families who have been hurt or even killed due to people texting while driving. Not only do the people who get hit get hurt most drives also die as well in the accident because it was so intense and horrible. This is such a huge cause of why it is so dangerous to use your phones while driving. It takes so much risk to do it because ne second you could just be sending one little text then in less than a second your about to drive into oncoming traffic. Many people who are just walking the streets or driving home suffer due to people on their phones while having one eye on the road.

Because there have been so many incidents where people get hurt due to texting while driving that laws have and still being made to stop this. Many states one by one have all agreed that people on their phones while driving must come to an end. Laws are said that it is not allowed to use your phone while driving. The consequence or doing this can lead people to be pulled over and even arrested. There is still a good amount of states that still let you use your phones while driving but, the increase of the laws of being made for that is going up fast. There has just been so many problems and accidents that people and the states are starting to really make a change with those laws. It is taken very seriously due to so many people taking action and protesting this being put to creation. Not listing to the states that have up that law can cause major problems for people. It is a very serious issue that is trying to be controlled and stopped.

Even though people do die every day due to problem there are some who do live but affected by it for the rest of their lives. When some people are hit by a car it may not kill them but it may permanently damage their bodies. Many people have been left to use a wheelchair the rest of their lives because of the car crash. There have been cases that some victims have been left in comas because of how hard the car hit them. These are all the causes of what could and what have happened to people who have been a victim of people driving while on the phone. Plus, the families and friends that have to deal with the loss of a loved one. Everyone gets hurt that is involved with this kind of accident. It affects everyone you do not have to dead for that. It kills people it leaves people broken, and it just leads to pain. All of this is due to people using their phones when they are supposed to be focused driving looking at what is in front of them.

All of these reasons are why people support the laws saying people should not use their phones while driving. It is beyond dangerous for everyone, it should not be allowed and should be stopped. It affects everyone whether you are the driver or the victim or even the family. It hurts everyone involved and that is why there are many laws being made to stop any more accidents to happen. Using your phone while driving will never be safe no matter what someone does or says. It is always going to put yourself and other in harm ways.                                           