To begin my explanation on informing fellow citizens about the advantages of limiting car usage is that cars are changing the way we live today by harming the ecosystem, harming us in ways that we dont even realize such as health and financially.

Many have been stunned by the effects that our vehicles cause to our world making it a less substainable place for wildlife, us and our children polluting the air we breathe increasing the percentage of smog that over takes our fresh air and taking down natural areas for our doings such as highways and new roads for example europe has a day of no car use for a whole day because of the greenhouse effect and for that smog is starting to decrease as to congestion went down 60 percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog. But diesel fuel was blamed for the smog because of the tax policy that favors deiesel over gasoline. deisels make up to 67 percent of vehicles in france. Paris has more smog than any other european capitals but not only is it affecting europe, beijing china which is said to be one of the most polluted cities on earth. Much harm is being done to our wolrd but many of us are to blind to even notice that is why we have to make a change in limiting car usage the facts are staring at us in the face and we have the power to make a difference.

The way our vehicles are harming us physically is making us more lazy to even jog a couple blocks without grasping for air like a fish out of water, turning us into obese unhealthy individuals. Many people prefer using cars to get to a destination which is in walking distance than to use their own legs which is pathetic. For those that dont mind the stroll are making the difference for example, A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009 for that being many people getting a license is not a priority and by that being those people organize their lifestyle to have a social life around them they can walk to work, the grocery store, and home by not owning a vehicle making their lives more healthier and social. The individuals that were mentioned earlier are the opposite they are harming their health by sitting in a car for a couple of minutes or hours which could lead to a chain of events as in stay home all day watch television,become more social through technology but be less social outside and become more of an obese person.

Many people are having problems paying off there cars because of it being too expensive causing them to have financial issues making them live in their car for not having enough money to even buy a place to live or eat and by that it causes them to lose their car which would make them homeless which would have them struggling even more in life with all the situations that is going on in todays world and for that being persuading people to buy the                                                                                                                                                                    