Have you ever been extremely tired or bored? Well extracurricular activities will help you with that. This is one of the many reasons why the principal has chosen to make people participate in extracurricular activities. Further more extracurricular activities are an essential to any school. The main reasons for why we need extracurricular activities are that they will make students more active, they promote working with others, and they will help students make friends.

I agree with participating in extracurricular activities because it will make sure people are active. Some students find school to be too easy. Also many students finish their homework too quickly and don't know what to do after. Extracurricular activities will help students with that. Students will always have something to do when they participate in extracurricular activities; whether it's participating in a sport or helping with the yearbook extracurricular activities will make sure students are active.

Another reason why I agree with the principal is because extracurricular activities promotes working with others. Working with others is an essential life skill that must be taught because you can use it your whole life. Further more many people use teamwork almost everyday and these activities will help show students how good it is to work with others. Also these activities will help students learn this skill in many ways. Also extracurricular activities can help students learn teamwork by collaborating in a sport to talking with each other about what the next school activity should be. Extracurricular activities will promote the most important life skill, teamwork.

Lastly I also agree with the principal because it will help people make friends. I believe people will make friends because I met some of my best friends through extracurricular activities. My friends and I were in the same extracurricular activity together and the more I went to it the stronger our friend ship grew. Extracurricular activities can help teach people how to make friends. These activities can help people make friends that they will keep for life.

Extracurricular activities are essential because they will keep students engaged, they will show the importance of teamwork, and they will teach students how to make life long companions. It's important that students are active and extracurricular activities does just that. Also we need to make sure that students know how to work with one another and that is taught in extra curricular activities. It's also important for our students to make friends which they can do through extracurricular activities. Extracurricular activities are so important that are schools would not be the same without them. 