When people ask for advice, they sometimes ask more than one person. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because more opinions means more reasons why you should or shouldn't do something. Another reason you should ask multiple people is because if you have more reasons, you can choose which ones you like or dislike. Also, when you make your decision, you can make it with every perspective of the idea.

Let's say two people are having an argument on whether math or english is more important and they ask you to be the tie breaker. You have until tomorrow to make you decision and you decide to ask for other people's opinions. Many people think that math is more important than english. Their reasons are that math is in everything you look at from tables to school to video games. Many think that english s better because you can communicate from large distances or at all without it. Some think that math is more important because you need to at least know simple addition to do a lot of things. Some others believe that english is more important because you need to know english when you grow up. Multiple opinions can help you make a decision of why you should say math is better or why english is better.

Now that you have your reasons, you can start to eliminate what you don't agree with. You decide that you don't need to know math because that is what calculators are for. Then you decide that you don't need english to communicate through a text message. You can just abbreviate and misspellings are corrected by auto-correct. Now that you put in your own opinion, you have less choices. The final choices are that math is in everything and english is necessary when you're an adult. When making a decision, remember that your opinion is what matters most. Most likely when you make your decision, someone is going to ask you why. You need to say why you so, not why someone else thinks so.

Finally, you make your decision. The people who were fighting come up to you to hear your decision. You chose math, You reasoning is that math is everywhere and there is no escaping it. You say the smartest person in the world could be terrible at english and still be the smartest. The best author in the world could be terrible at math, bet then that person would never know what people think of their book because they can't figure out how many people love the book. Your decision is made through multiple perspectives and your reasoning is valid. The argument is over and you may feel proud. Now you know that next time this comes up, you can give your honest opinion.

Advice is important. Advice from multiple people is more important. The advice you get from people can persuade you to do or don't do something. After hearing people out, you can add some of you opinion to it and eliminate what you disagree with. Then, you can make a decision with your's and other people's perspectives. What advice do you have?