What do you do when you need advice/opinion about something? Do you go ask the advice of one person or multiple? For me, seeking advice from multiple people would be a more reasonable thing to do than to ask one person their opinion on a topic, and many other people think the same for the reason that it helps them make a better choice. Asking more than one person for advice will help you make a better choice, because you'll learn from people lives, grow as a person, and get reassurance.

First off, you learn from the lives of others. People have different life stories and when you take the time to listen to them you can learn from them and have it influence the choices you make to be better. If you ask multiple people for advice about something you'd get a diversity of responses, because of things such as age, gender, cultural background, religion, ethnicity, and class which effect the way people live daily. My grandpa was a poor man from Honduras who smoked, drank, and did many other things. He died many years ago from lung cancer. I never got to meet him, because he had made the decision to smoke when he was alive. I'd hear stories of him from my mom when I was younger and I've been using those stories of my grandpa to help me make better choices.

Secondly, you grow as a person. To me the brain is like a seed and opinions are like water, and seeds need water to grow. So when you receive advice/opinions from others you brain grows, not literally, but it grows in wisdom and knowledge. Especially receiving advice from people who are older in age and people who have who have been through a lot, such as people who've been in war are much more wiser, because they've experienced more things than others. Getting advice from people will help you build character. In the way that you will mature, because you'd learn more things about life. Also it would help you learn to be able to see different peoples point of views, which can help you make a better choice, by being able to see the outcomes of the choices you pick.

Lastly, you will get reassurance. Lets say you like this dress and you try it on. You ask your friend for their opinion and they say it looks good, but you'd also like to know what other people think about the dress so you ask the workers at the store and they politely say that is doesn't look good on you. Would you have taken the dress based on your friends opinion or the workers? I'm pretty sure no one would have taken the dress if they got negative opinions from people. Honesty, when I get a compliment from someone I ask other people if its true, because one persons opinion isn't enough for to me believe something, So basically I feel that people ask others for their opinion for the same reason.

In all things considered, receiving advice from multiple people can help you make a better choice, because you learn from others, you grow as a person, and you get reassurance. Getting opinions from people of different backgrounds and ages can effect the way you think and can influence the choices you make to be better and to feel ensured that something that the choice your picking is a one that will benefit you in the long-run. So next time you are in need of advice or need peoples opinions go ask your friends, family, teachers, and others, because they will help you make a better choice, and just know that you don't always have to do something because you feel the need to satsfy people do it because you feel it will do good for you.