Some schools offer ways that the student could attend class by being online or through video conference. This could make it less difficult for the student to learn. It would also make it simpler to attend classes. Though, because the student would be at home, they might be more easily distracted. Another reason why this would be a bad idea is that, school is a place of learning ,but it is also the place people learn valuable social skills.

Learning through video conferences might make it easier on the student especially in certain situations. If the student has discomfort in social situations or just being around people. If the student is movement troubled or is in a wheelchair. If the student is in a location that they can't go to school, or is to far away from a school. All these situations it might be necessary or useful to learn through video conference.

If a student were to miss their bus and their parent or guardian could not drive them to school, they would normally just use up a sick day. With video conferencing they would not have to use a sick day. In fact they could use it during an actual sick day, and spare others from getting sick. In situations where there are major outbreaks of a new type of disease why would you go to school, where everyone gets sick. They could also use it if they just don't want to leave their house.

Though, if they learn from home they would have more things much more interesting than school. What's going to keep them focused. They could focus on learning because of their grades. Or they can go focus on that random shiny thing in the corner. Learning basically the same things every year gets boring, yet the shiny thing is new and ,because it's new, it's interesting.

There are many good, valid reasons why schools should incorporate video calls into their learning systems. Though there are also many reasons not to. Doing it because of the students that want or need to learn is the reason they should. The reason of debate is because, you're teaching teenagers they are easily distracted, you should know you were one once. taking this all into account, it would be a good idea to have video conferences, just in case.