"

One nation under god", they say, so why do we still have other people determine our nations future? we should be able to have say over our country, atleast when it comes to picking the president. Yeah, We vote for the Electorals that are going to vote for our president, but how do we really know if they are. There are alot of schemes now a days regarding the government, our Electorals can just get paid off to promote one president but then vote for another.

On source 2 " The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong" Bradford plumer says" Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always. Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong canidate? Sometimes."  I mean not only is the Electoral college unreliable but it is also confusing to some. At the end of the day even if we have some say in picking our president if he doesn't have enough electoral votes, he is still going to lose. It doesn't even matter if we vote anymore. On source 2 "what's wrong with the electoral college?"  Bradford explains " in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the demcratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. (So that a popular vote for Kenneddy would not have actually gone to Kennedy.)" This, is what I mean by unreliable, we can't trust our Electorals, we should be able to vote directly! who we want as our president and not some shady second party.

Another thing i would like to address in source 3 "Big States" Richard says " A large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state doess..." Exactly, if we do popular votes, candidates can just go to states and try to win them over as oppossed to Electorals taking claim of one state . Also if we approve popular votes, that one smalll state

, could just make a difference on who wins so in other words, every state counts and every vote counts.                                             