With all this talk about greenhouse gasses, you think to yourself "What can i do to change all of this?". It's not as hard as you think. Some cities in foreign countries and this one are actually giving up their licence (short term or long term) so that the can walk, bike, carpool, or take public transportation rather than taking their own car. This is a great thing, especially with global warming and such. Some advantages of limiting car usuage can be: a less stressful and safe life, a reduction in harmful gasses, and a healthier lifestyle.

When you walk around your town (depending on the size of it) you see a lot of cars. You have to walk around on the sidewalks and worry about the fact that a small mistake by a driver can end your life. But in a city that has no cars driving around, you don't have to worry about that at all. You can not worry about how much the gas prices are because you may be car pooling or taking the bus. In "

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars"

by Elisabeth Rosenthal, she asked a citizen on what she thought of the no car law, she said "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." (line 3), she saw how having no fast-moving hunks of metal can be a very stressless situation. A community that doesn't have this stress can worry about other things now.

It's often talked about in the news. Greenhouse gasses. Global warming. We hear about all the time and how it's affected by emissions of cars. How could we avoid it? Simple, we stop driving around so much. Cars in Europe are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions, and we in the United States make up 50 percent of it (Elisabeth Rosenthal, line 5). It's especially bad in Paris, where the gasses are so bad that there was 5 days of smog, only rivaled by Beijing, China the most polluted city in the world (Robert Duffer, line 14), which it's so bad in Beijing the citizens of the city have to wear masks covering their noses and mouths to protect themselves from the harmful gasses. It's horrible that people have to live in such horrible conditions.

If you gave up driving to everywhere you go, you wouldn't just help the world with greenhouse gasses, you'd also be helping yourself. People nowadays sit at home watching TV and snacking. But do you know how much walking and biking could do to help the health of people. This would be the case if there was a limitation on driving cars. Getting exersize is also a great stress-reliever. Also it helps with the nasty smog that's been mentioned. People wouldn't be breathing in harmful gasses if there was a limitation or ban to car usage in most contries. Air pollution effects all of us as human beings.

Most of us can't think of a society without cars, but it's very possible. We can, however, make a society exactly like that to some extent. Running around screaming about global warming won't do much unless you take action. Not only will it help the Earth to have better air, it can help lead a more stress-free, safe life and a healthier one that'll only need you to walk or bike to some places.    