Dear: Principal

I know that you have been struggling with the idea of weather to assign kids to do community service or not. Well i can help you, Here are my reasons. I think that kids should do community service so that they can help people,

help the environment, And help make a better word. Because i think that helping is very important. I mean if i had the kind of money that i could pay people to save the environment i would.

For starters, They can help people because there are a bunch of home-less people that need a safer place to live. If kids and grown ups helped we could make the streets a better place for people that need help. The kids can clean up the streets so that the home-less and people passing by can admire the beauty of our country and it can help the environment to. For people that just come to visit we want them to come back no go around and spreading the word that our country is a dirty place for anyone cause its not. The world didn't dirty its self up we the humans did.

Also they can help the environment by cleaning up the beaches and that's one place the places tourist like to go mostly when they come to the U.S.A. Plant plants so that we can have cleaner air to breathe. Stop companies from polluting our rives and lakes. Pitting a law that could clearly state that anybody that pollutes has to do some time in jail, I

mean they all ready have the community service for people that pollute but lets be serious to our selves there aren't many people looking out for them. We can take this job serious and help our community.

Clearly we can help make the world a safer place and not just for home-less people. I mean we see little kids running around and playing and we see them with out shoes and we don't stop and give them ours. No what we do is turn our backs to them and there are even some of us that talk bad about them like "cant their parents take better care of those kids" or "oh, those pore kids have no money" but we don't stop and help them. That is one of the worst things a human beings can do to another person. Just help out when ever you can. It doesn't have to be every day or course if you could that would be great but it doesn't have to be like that just help around.

My conclusion is that kids should help out the environment. Well not just us kids everybody should but since you are the principal just count us kids. Yes it will do some good for us kids to help out the environment and to see another part of the world. Not just how we see it but hoe others see it. Let us kids help out and you will se that you will be very happy that i sent you this letter to help you with you're choice and that you wont regret it.

You're Student: STUDENT_NAME