Growing up as a kid, you had all your friends that you would hang out with everyday and always have a smile on your face, don't change that now. School can be stressful at times and when it was, you would make plans to go out with friends or just spill your thoughts to them, sometimes you just need a break. There is no reason to isolate yourself from the world, you will not benefit from that. always live your life to the fullest. The idea that students can benefit from taking classes at home is invalid because students need a social life, friends are always useful when you need them and another reason is that being home schooled can promote laziness, with no clubs or sports in your presence, students will have no interest in anything and lose motivation to do anything after they're done with their classes.

Having a social life can help you in many ways, why get rid of that? When taking classes at home, who are you gonna talk to? Once you're done with your classes, you'll be alone with no one to socialize with. Socializing is probably one of the most important things for teenagers. Having a social life will help your mental state and give you something to think about that isn't school. Having a friend can help you have someone to talk to when you need to, everyone has their bad days and you just need to let it all out, not everyone is comfortable with their family so having a friend can be very useful. Also learning with friends or even people just around you can help you learn better, you won't just be hearing yourself but you will also hear other people's thoughts which can help you gather more information and create more ideas. Lastly socializing can help students grow their character, you won't be able to grow without people being there for you and helping you.

Being home schooled can promote laziness which can affect students in many ways. If you're home schooled, what are you gonna do after you are done? There are no clubs or any activities for you to join, with nothing to catch your interest, you are more likely to end up staying home and do nothing that involves physical activity. With nothing to do, you will end up being lazy to do anything. If students are not active then their health will end up bad and could possibly start some bad habits. Students are too young to be facing any health and mental issues. Students need to be active everyday and taking classes at home does not help with that and can start them to be extremely lazy.

There are some people that claim that being home schooled can be beneficial. A reason why taking classes at home can be beneficial is because there won't be any distractions, so that means that students will mainly just be focused on their work which will help them maintain high grades which helps the student feel accomplished. Another reason is that students don't have to worry about what to wear, students don't have to fear about getting bullied for what they wear or what they look like and bullying can harm students really bad at the point where they can develop depression. The last claim is that students don't have to eat school lunch which some people don't like and they can just eat home cooked meals.

In conclusion the idea that students can benefit from taking classes at home is invalid because students need a social life and taking classes at home can promote laziness. There is no need to stay home and learn from home all by yourself, you can't learn a lot by yourself and you also can"t develop as a person. Being home after being done with classes will make you lazy and eventually get worst, students need to be active and experience new things. Being home will not help you discover new things. Never isolate yourself at a young age.