Imagine being in the comfort of your home learning the material for a class while being stress free. Your learning environment plays a big role in how much learning you actually do. The more difficult the class, the more comfortable you should be while taking it. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they can learn at their own pace and it can improve their character and work ethic.

Students often benefit entirely from learning at their own pace. It has come times where teachers speed up their lessons to get caught up with the curriculum which is not beneficial for the students. Students do not respond as well to unfamiliar material when they feel rushed so they tend to give up. Also, in a room of twenty or more kids students lack the one on one help needed from the teacher. In harder courses full understanding is a necessity for students. Online courses or video conferencing from home on these difficult courses gives you that individual attention without causing the disruption of others. Being behind in a class while struggling to understand the material and turn in assignments on time can be very overwhelming and stressful. In the end it will do more harm then good. Distant learning can take you one step at a time with no rush into full understanding of material for a course.

Taking a class from home can improve your character and work ethic. When you attend class from home you do not have a physical teacher there to monitor you; therefore, the lack of dictation will cause you to be more responsible in regards to staying on task and being efficient with your work. While in the comfort of your own home, you will have to decide how productive you will be in getting your work done and what you choose to do will show your character as a person. Your integrity will be challenged and your work ethic will increase because you have to be productive on your on terms.

There will be many moments where you face distractions or procrastination. Some may even say you will not get the proper help you need; however, those same distractions and procrastination feelings can still occur in the classroom with a teacher. The environment change is the big difference in the act on taking lasses from home. People may be more productive in an environment their more comfortable in. The learning habits of each individual are different. What may work for one person may not work for the other. What one person takes as to be easy may be very difficult for the other. Home held courses can ensure that your personal needs in regards to the academic field in a particular course are met despite of everyone else's preference.

Distance learning can be beneficial in so many ways. People often find it in their best interest to take this route. Despite all of the concerns, attending classes from home can be very beneficial for students. Not all may benefit from such; however it is a good option for students who are in need of an alternative method to benefit their learning, help out their personal situations, or even just build up their work ethic. It is an experience that should not be taken advantage of but truly used in the best interest of the students.