The Dangers of Your Cell Phone on Roads

Communication is something that has been given to the human race ever since the first man was coined and has been ever so crucial for our development to how we are today. We come so far as to create a device to communicate at great distances with a single tap, this device is known as a cell phone. The device has gone through many alterations time after time to satisfy the needs of the average user. Cell phones are used on a daily basis and most spend up to nine hours a day, this behavior can be described as addicting. This addiction causes many people to not be aware of their surroundings which leads to many accidents; most of accidents occur on the road. Drivers should not be allowed to use their cell phones when in use of a motorized vehicle because it increases the chance for an accident and decreases focus during the ride.

Cell phones require much focus in order for one to operate it correctly, the same goes for using a vehicle so when you come across someone that is using a cellphone and a car at the same time, the chances of hitting something massively increases by almost 900 percent. The obvious reason why so many end up in an accident is because if you're in a car traveling at 60 mph then that would suggest that for every second you don't see the road you miss about sixteen meters of distance, sixteen meters is enough distance for anyone to be involved in an accident. Safety councils report that anyone operating a cellular device while driving leads to approximate 1.6 million crashes per year. Most of the crashes are generated by younger adults who are just beginning to explore the world but end abruptly caused by the foolish act of using a cell phone while driving. Some states are now combating this problem by being stricter on what is allowed in during the ride and may lead to a chain reaction for all state's decisions.

Government has had enough of all vehicle users to put innocent live at risk so they have passed bans for drivers so they would be punished if they are caught using a cell phone. About sixteen states have banned all drivers to have a cell phone in hand while in use of a vehicle including the District of Columbia, Guam, Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. In Georgia, the law has been effective since the first of July last year (2018) and with the ban in place, less drivers are causing accidents because of the incentive to pay 50 dollars on their first conviction. This is a very good method for reducing the amount of people getting into crashes, it gives the tempting drivers to stop using their cell phone while driving. There are many more reasons why you should not use a cell phone during a use of a vehicle but these are two that could be major in rank.

Many people use the skill that was given to us since birth and communicate with others around the world, it is very useful and can grow your social life as well as your culture. Many take advantage of this and use their cell phones while driving and putting many lives at risk including theirs, hopefully this helps other in grasping the seriousness of doing such action and will rethink how they drive. When someone calls you while you're driving please be smart and don't use your cell phone, this is why you shouldn't use your cellphone during the use of a vehicle.            