Bang! a crash of thunder and I awake from a horrible dream, sweat trickling down my forehead. With my knees trembling, I sulk to the bathroom to cure my dry mouth, murmuring under my breath never to take only one persons advice ever again. When I was younger I asked my friend for advice on what fun games to play at my birthday party, she recommended a few spooky games that I was not so sure about and my other friend was frightfully disagreeing. I finally gave in thinking people would have more fun, but everyone, including my friend, got scared and we had to cut the eerie games short and my birthday was ruined. That night I had a nightmare about it and vowed always to ask more than one person their opinions and advice on such a matter. Having more than one person give you their advice is important because not everyone's ideas are going to be the best option, everyone's opinions are going to be based off of their experiences so finding someone with little or no experience in what you are trying to ask can change the whole situation, and if you go to someone not as personal to you they may not put forth as much effort to give you their best advice.

As you heard from my horrific story, not everyone's ideas are going to be fit for you and you have to be patient and take your time to find the really best option. Just because an idea sounds cool doesn't mean it's going to turn out the way you hope. What my mother tells me and your mother probably told you is that, "If someone jumps off a bridge, you would do it too?" What they're telling us is if someone says it would be a moment to remember if you guys jumped off a cliff, just think how great that idea really sounds and where you'll end up. I'll wait as long as you need. Are you ready? The hospital, that's where you'll end up, or worse! How does that life changing adventure sound now? Still wanna jump off a cliff? No? Your welcome.

Did I have any experience in those heart-stopping games? No. Did I listen to someone who had no experience in those regretful activities? Yes. Should I have listened to more people who had experience in that area of witch craft? Absolutely! Now that I am older I know that what we did was not that scary and wasn't even haunting but I sure regret ruining my once exciting birthday party. If you are in desperate need for advice go to someone with experience and not someone who doesn't even know what a ghost is. Let's say my friend who was opposing to the idea did have a say in the matter, I would have a much more pleasing party and all the kids wouldn't be sent home with their nails digging into their parents' arms. One wrong statement can change the whole situation and one pleasing eight year old appropriate idea can save parties.

Finding someone who cares about you can also affect the situation. If someone cares about you than they will think more about it and give you their best possible opinion. If you go up to someone you're not as close with or not fond of they won't put in any effort to make sure their option is safe or won't even give you their opinion. Years later and my friend that suggested that dreadful idea and I have drifted apart like a broken magnet and if we were close enough than maybe we wouldn't have gone our separate ways and she would've given me a less spine-chilling idea for my birthday party.

My nightmares are no more but my regret is still there popping up every once in a while to remind me to not make the same mistakes I made back then. To make better decisions in the future I will(and you should too) find the best option that is right for me, find someone with experience in what I am asking for, and ask a friend not a foe. Trust me, ask around, don't agree with anything you might regret. Take my advice, or don't, or multiple, just pick the one that's right for you.