When people are asking for advice, they often turn to multiple people to get a better perspective. When you ask just one person, they will usually just tell you their side of the story and how their experience was wiith that situation. People can differ and so can their opinions.

When you go to eat out at a new or fancy resturaunt you often check the reviws to see how bad or good it is. But you often check more than one or see how many of those total reviews are five star. This is just one common way people can take advice from others and learn about an experience they had. People have a different stories on their time pent there. If 8/10 people say it was bad, you would likely look somewhere else to eat. That is how it is with asking for advice. If you ask three or four people and more than half of them say it's a bad idea, you won't do it.

But you can also learn from others mistakes. If you want to try vaping and you are about to start, getting advice from someone who has actually vaped and had to deal with the addiction is definetly a useful way to deter yourself from starting. Most of the time they will tell you to stay away from it and not to try as they hate being addicted to cigarettes. It's things like these that make it important to listen to others as they give you advice. You can see that things aren't always as good as they seem.

There are also good ways to get advice on what to do. If you are falling behind on school and someone gives you advice on what to do to get your grade back up, you should probably follow it, as it can help you succeed. If you want to try to do something new like skydiving, you would ask someone who has done it to see if it is right for you. All of these things can be positive influence, from grades to finding a new activity or sports team. It is good to get multiple viewpoints to help learn and overcome fears or find a new favorite thing to do.

This is why getting different outlooks on what we want to do and getting advice on them is good for learning what you want to do. Even if it is small, it is always important to get a second opinion. You can learn more by doing it and get the right advice and help you make a more informed descision. Even I like to make sure what i'm about to do is a good idea, even when it is clearly not. But when I do ask, I ask more then one person.