Driverless cars. A helpful thing for our future, or the destruction of it? Google, the BMW, and more have been trying to create affective driverless cars for everyone to help shape our future for the better. It's been debated for a while, especially with accidents and saftey but in the end it's really just about what's best for us all.

Though not all of the fifty states in America agree with it, Google and other companies have been trying to create and improve our future with something useful; Driverless cars. They've created a car that can steer, break and accelerate on it's own therfore, virtually calling it driverless but, the assistance of a human is still very much needed. In order to make the idea more fun and appealing they've placed entertainment technologies into the cars, which can be very useful at times, but the most important and useful thing about these new cars is their saftey.

Thousands of people all around the world get into automobile accidents everyday. But what if over half, if not more, of all those accidents could be avoided? When it comes to driving, safety is the most important thing there is. With the new driverless cars, that's no longer a big problem. With it's abbility to sense and see everything arround you, it's able to break or accelerate if needed and they have warnings that they give you to help keep you from hurting yourself or inncocent pedestrians and when it's your turn at the wheel it signals you to do so with a special feature, some cars' different than others.

Although it's not completely driverless yet, they're slowly progressing towards that bright future. Just imagine a day where you can wake up and almost never have to worry about anyone getting in a crash again. This eveloution is bringing forth a saffer and more prosperous future for all of us and not all states agree with these terms but i'm sure they will. We all have the same goal, wanting a safer enviornment for us to live in. Their evolving creation of driverless cars is slowly, but surely, helping us get there.