Hello, my name is Luke Bomberger and I am in the Seagoing Cowboys program. Here in the Seagoing Cowboys program you are able to help people, travel the world, and also have fun a long the way. Now I will tell you about the experiences I have had as a Seagoing Cowboy and why you should join.

First I am going to tell you why I became a Seagoing Cowboy. When I graduated high school I had no idea what to do. Until my friend Don Reist invited me to go to Europe on a cattle boat. I couldn't say no. I knew it was an opportunity of a life time. Then I started my journey.

It was 1945, World War 2 was over in Europe, and many countries were left in ruins. These countries needed food supplies, animals, and more to recover. Thats when 44 nations joined together to form UNRRA. UNRRA was an administration that hired "Seagoing Cowboys" to take care of animals that were shipped overseas. Thats when Don and I signed up for the Seagoing Cowboys.

After the Pacific War ended in August, 1945. We received orders to report to New Orleans. The orders were to ship a corgo of 335 horses, plus enough hay and oats to feed them to Greece. The cattle-boat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a small-town boy. Besides helping people, I had the side benefit of seeing Europe and China.

When you are a Seagoing Cowboy you have to opportunity to travel to many different places. I have crossed the Atlantic Ocean 16 times and crossed the Pacific Ocean twice to help people affected by World War 2. I have also been to Europe and China. But seeing Greece was special to me.

Most people think being a Seagoing Cowboy is all hard work and that we don't have any fun. The people who say that are very wrong, Seagoing Cowboys have a lot of fun on their spare time. When we finish our orders we take some time off and do fun activites. In Venice, Italy, I took a gondala ride over a city with streets of water. In China I also toured an excavated castle, and marveled at the Panama Canal. Another way we have fun is on board. When the ships have been unloaded we play baseball games, vollyball games, fenceing, boxing, and many other fun things to help pass time.

In conclusion, you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program to help people in need, travel the world, and have fun a long the way. Being a Seagoing Cowboy has been much more than an adventure for me, Luke Bomberger. It has opened up the world to me.                         