Public schools are very high-maintenance and have a fast-paced atmosphere. A lot of kids tend to already have busy and stressful lives outside of school, and having this thing they have to keep up with for multiple hours every day doesn't help. Kids also have their own ways of working through problems and difficult situations, so school adds a lot of stress to that aspect. They can't keep up with the other kids that work at a faster pace than they do. Schooling at home can benefit kids a lot in the long run considering they won't have to get up early everyday and work with others that they aren't comfortable with.

Generic_Name is a 10th grader at Generic_School and has very bad social anxiety that affects his everyday life in a negative way. This disability causes him to not speak up to his teachers and peers. He finds it very difficult to speak up when he doesn't understand something or has to works in groups. His teachers have reached out to him, but he just can't bring himself to speaking up when he needs to. Working from home would be very beneficial to Generic_Name, because he wouldn't have to worry about being around other people the whole day, which is a big part of his anxiety.

Generic_Name had always been an outstanding student, until her mother got into a horrible accident paralyzing her. Her mother isn't allowed out of the house unless she is with a trusted and trained adult for this type of situation. Generic_Name has taken care of her everyday since the accident happened. Her grades were suffering and she would always fall asleep in class, because she would stay up all night to make sure her mother was okay. Going to school everyday for 8 hours makes her very anxious and forces her to text her mother all day to check in. If she was home-schooled, she would be able to be with her mother all day, and still be able to succeed academically.

Some would argue that kids need to be exposed to social situations at a young age and that it benefits them to be forced into socializing. While this is valid, it's still very stressful to have to do something you don't want to do or aren't comfortable with. In addition to that, the students might become lazy and not do all the schoolwork they're assigned when they're at home. They could easily get distracted and not complete what they're supposed to. They need to have people around them to encourage them to get everything done on time and accurately.

Overall, having to go to school everyday is very stressful for kids with busy lives, disabilities, or that just can't handle all of the pressure that is put on them on a daily basis. Public schools are just too much for young people to handle at such a vulnerable place in their lives. They should be out enjoying their childhood instead of being forced into going to some place they probably hate everyday. Kids can still get their education without having to physically go to school and be uncomfortable for twelve years of their life. Homeschooling is beneficial to everyone and should be more common and accessible. 