Summer Projects

Summer, one of the greatest times in a high school students life. A chance to take a break from school and sit back and relax in the warm summer heat. There are many ways teachers try to find a way for students to be able to keep up some of the things they learned during the break, one of the ways is assigning projects, should these projects be teacher designed or student designed? In my opinion they should be student designed. There are many reasons why but there are three reasons that really stand out to me .Students will find a fun and inspiring way to make a project, students also know what its like to be a teenager in the summer and not only doing the project but designing the project will help the student learn.

Firstly, students know what it's like to be a teenager in the summer. Just the thought of the warm sun, cool water and late nights gives me chills down my spine. Just the idea of summer gives everyone a light happy feeling in their stomachs. Summer is a time for freedom, and many students hate the idea of the freedom taken away by a project a teacher gave them, which makes them not want to do that project at all. If students were to make the project they would think about what they do in the summer and how the summer makes them feel. They would most likely design a project that kids would do because they have an idea of an teenage life in the summer.

Secondly, Designing the project will also be beneficial for the students to learn. They will learn how to design something and also, while designing the project they will learn more about the information inside the project. The students that usually do better in classes are ones that when they get it and understand what to do, they then teach it to someone else in the class that is struggling on it more. That is basically the same concept for students giving the ability to design this summer project.

Lastly, in my opinion I believe students are more creative than teachers, especially when they are given a teachers task. I believe that when designing the project, the students will make the project fun and inspiring along with educational. I believe that students will make a project so fun an interesting that in the summer when kids sit down and do their project they won't even realize they are doing an project. Earlier this year my teacher gave my class a project over Christmas break that students made the year before. She also gave us a project for over Thanksgiving break that she made. The difference between the two projects was unbelievable. The one over Christmas break I actually wanted to do, while the one over Thanksgiving break I did not want to do at all. The one over Christmas break was fun and I actually did that one to my full abilities, and learned quite a bit doing it . Other than the one over Thanksgiving break where I just half did it and barley learned anything. I also saw a diffrence of people turning in their project. The one over Christmas a majority of the class did it, while the one over Thanksgiving break just a few people did it.

In conclusion, I believe that students designing the project over the summer will cause more productivity in the projects getting done, more students will keep up their education in the summer and students who get to design the project will learn so much just from designing it.