When searching for advice, do you ask more than one person? If not, here are reasons on why it is better to ask more than one person. Asking more than one person for advice can help you in numerous ways. When in need for advice, it is best to ask more than one person because it helps you be certain that one person is not just trying to make you feel better, it makes your options more clear to you, and helps your make up your mind faster.

Firstly, asking more than one person is best for you when you are doubtful of your decisions. Sometimes, there can be a case where a friend will not know what to say, and may just lie to make you feel better. Although, some people may not lie to you when you sat in gum or if your hair is messed up, it is always safe to ask multiple peers. When getting help with multiple people is best for multiple other reasons too.

Second, having multiple friends give you advice makes your options more clear. At some times, you may over think your problems and may need someone to break it down for you. In addition, with your thoughts being more cleared out, you may have more room to think and may be more comfortable to talk with others about everything. Altogether, When you have more than one person to help talk things down with you, your options will be more open to think and tell others.

Lastly, when asking multiple people, you can make up your mind faster. Having multiple people help you break down your problems lets you see them more clearly, letting you get through them faster. Also, when you have help to make up your mind, you have less weight on your shoulders. In general, when you have multiple people by your side for advice, it makes you feel better altogether.

In conclusion, when you need advice, it is best to ask more than one person because it help you make up your mind faster, makes your options for clear for you, and helps you make sure that one person is not just trying to make you feel better. It is not right when somebody fakes advice for someone just to make them feel better for example, "Your dress looks really pretty!" or "You have nothing on the back of your pants, just keep walking.". This is why it is best to ask more than one person. If you ask only one person if you sat in gum or ask if your hair looks good, then it is probaly best for you to ask another peer. What do you think?