The year is 2041, and astronaut Jeff Goudard has just landed in the region of Cydonia. He is extremly exited becouse he will be the first human to see the only alien artifact known to man. As soon as he lands, he sees the face. Jeff's jaw drops practically to his feet. He relizes the "Face on Mars" is really just a plain old mesa, just like the ones out in the American West. Now just like this astronaut, there are probably hundreds of people that think that the "Face on Mars" is some sort of alien monuent, but in reality science and logical thinking has proven that in reality, the "Face on Mars" is really just a Mesa almost identical to the ones found out in the American West.

First off is the logical thinking portion. In the region of Cydonia mesas are incredibly common.

Now this particular mesas is oddly shapped, I will give it that, but it is just a mesa. What gives it human fetures is just the shadows. Just look at

1976 Viking one photograph. You can clearly see shadows Just look slightly below it, you can see a long shadow protruding from the mesa. Now on the flip side, look at the picture captured on 1998 when it was cloudy out and there were no shadows at all. The image just makes it look like a weird rock, not like a human face at all.

While still on the topic of the photographs, the one snapped on 2001 also proves that the so called "Face on Mars" is really just a mesa becouse of not the actual formation, but the surronding area. It was taken by a very high quality camera. In fact, it's pixles spanned 1.56 meters whereas the best Viking photograph the pixles spanned 43 meters. That ment that you could zoom in around the area of the mesa to scan if there was any other evidence of alien life. So scienteists and analysts could scan the sourrounding area for pyramids or buildings, but they found absolutly nothing that would sugest that aliens are present in the region.

Lastly, lets all say that the so called face really was an ancient alien structure, why would NASA keep it a secret. I mean, NASA is really short on funding, but if it was proven that there was aliens on Mars, then that would mean NASA funding probaly would go through the roof. What better goal could NASA have then to make conatact with extratrestrialls. This must mean that the "Face on Mars" is just another mesa. What organization would pass up the opprotunity to get through the roof funding.

So just face the facts. The "Face on Mars" is just a mesa that had well placed shadows that are one in a million. So don't be Jeff the astronaut, and just face the facts early on as oposed to having high hopes and dreams just to have them crushed by even more scientifically proven evidence. If you don't remember anything from this article, remember this: don't be Jeff.