Schools requiring students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break isn't a bad idea, but should the projects assigned be teacher-designed or student-designed? I personally, as a student would much rather prefer a student-designed project over a teacher-designed project. A lot of benefits come from letting students design their own projects. The continuation of students learning during their break is in fact important, however, students should be given the option to design their own projects that they will enjoy constructing during their brake. Students including my self don't always tend to understand instructions given to us by a teacher, so, who would students go to if they were ever confused about a certain task that had to be done on the projects designed by their teachers?

Students designing their own summer projects benefits students, teachers, and schools. As students are designing their projects, teachers have now saved time. Teachers no longer have to take time out of their day to plan these projects for their students over the summer. Students are gaining knowledge by practicing their creativity, planning and organization. While students are constructing these projects they're always learning something new whether it's from the research the student did or the materials used, the point is, students are benefiting from these projects as well. Schools now have teachers with more time to make the school a better place by being prepared for when the students come back from break and they now have smarter and brighter students who've been learning new things over the summer.

Yes, It's true, a student would much rather prefer not doing ANY projects over the summer, but if they were given the option to do a project of their choice that they design, they will complete it and they would enjoy doing it. No one wants to have a boring summer break and if students are assigned projects they should be at least able to design there own so they can have fun completing them. You'd be surprise about how creative students can get and that's what makes it fun for students. Students have a variety of choices to design a project, like online projects, poster board projects, try fold projects, etc. Learning and having fun at the same time during their summer break doesn't sound too bad after all.

Who or where would a student go to if they had a question about one of their projects that was assigned and designed by their teachers? Yes, now a days we have technology that helps us communicate, but not all students can purchase a device or their parents/guardians can't afford to purchase their children an electronic device. A student designed project would prevent all of those problems. It saves busy parents' time from having to drive their children to the school to ask questions about the projects they were assigned over the summer. With a student-designed project students would be able to put all their ideas on their projects with out having any questions because they designed it.