There are many advantages on limiting the usage of cars in many Country's around the world. For example, the United States, Paris, and even small areas like the German Suburbs. Because of the usage of cars we are starting to get a lot of pollution, and lots of tax money going towrds our roads.

According to source 1 "In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars" says that "In Previous bills 80 percent of appropriations have by law gone to highway and only 20 20 percent to other transport." Beaucse of this many expect public transport serving suburbs to play a largerrole in a six-year federal transportation bill to be approved sometime this year. also, as found in paragraph 5 "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 pecent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe . . . anfd up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." there for is causing problrms to our invierment.

Paris is also having problems with pollution. From reading "Paris bans diving due to smog" by Robert duffer. tells us reads that after days of near-record pollution Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air in the city. And that the congestion was down 60 persent in the capital of France, after five days of smog. In Reading paragraph 17 "Paris typically has more smog than other European Capitals . . . [Last] week  Pairs had 147 micrograms of particulate matter (PM) per cubic meter compared with 114 in brussels and 79.7 in London, Reuters found." from reading that you can tell that Pairs has a high level of polloution.

foud in source 4 "With all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result to the habit." Meaning if everyone walked or biked instead of using cars we would be use to it and not depend on them. From the same source in paragraph 36 you can infer that in New York that many people are starting to use bikes insted of cars, as found "New York's new bike-sharing program and its skyrocketing brige and tunnels tools reflect those new priorities, as do proliferation of car- sharing programs across the nation." Then in Paragraph 38 ,

it tells us that the population suggest that the trend of demographic shifts in driving may accelerate.

From reading the sources and adding up all of the information it is vary easy to infer that we would have a lot of advantages if we didnt use cars. we would have less polloution and would be paying less for roadways.    