Generic_Name is a excellent student, because he has online classes at his home; however, if he only takes classes in the school, it would not benefit to him because he can get distracted by talking with friends during class, and sometimes he likes to mess around with his friends during class. Students would benefit from being able to attend online or video conferencing classes from home, because students can get distracted by talking during class, and some students likes to mess around to get the attention of the other students.

First, students can get distracted by talking during class. For example, my friend Generic_Name has bad grades, because he is working with a group, so everyone in that group are talking instead of working or paying to the class, so Generic_Name needs to attend online or video conferencing classes at his house to recover back his grades. Another example is that my cousin Generic_Name does not like, when the students of his group are talking because he starts to pay attention to the conversation instead of the class, especially when the teacher is giving details about the next test. Furthermore, my friend Generic_Name does not like when the students are talking, so she decided to attend online classes at home and now it benefits to her more than she was attending to classes at school. But unhappily, some people believe that students can work well in groups of class, but they are incorrect because students can get distracted by talking during class.

Second, some students likes to mess around to get the attention of the other students. For example, my friend Generic_Name it is not able to mess around one more time, because if he mess around again, the teacher will get rid of him, so he actually is waiting for his parents to accept the request that he will be attending to classes at home, so he cannot get in trouble with the teacher and his parents. For instance, my neighbor Generic_Name it is a sarcastic guy, he always is trying to get the attention of the other students during class or during a test, so his parents said that he will be attending video conferencing classes at home, and it would be beneficiary for the students and also for Generic_Name. Another example is that my friend Generic_Name does not like his friends Generic_Name and Generic_Name, because Generic_Name and Generic_Name are always trying to mess around with Generic_Name, sometimes Generic_Name and Generic_Name does not let Generic_Name to work alone, especially when they want something from Generic_Name; however, Generic_Name is thinking if it will be better that he will attend online classes at his house, so he can have some progress.

In conclusion, because students can get distracted by talking during class, and some students likes to mess around to get the attention of the other students. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Tell to the State Lawmakers to vote against

Students would not benefit from being able to attend online or video conferencing classes from home.