Dear State Senator,

This is a letter to you to discuss an issue that many people may have had problems with in the past. I would like to make a suggestion in trying to change the Electoral College system to popular vote. Changing the system to popular vote may be the best thing for the citizens who want to make their votes count.

I think that it is also not fair that a big state gets more attention than smaller states. According to Richard A. Posner he states that bigger states gets more attetion from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does. I think it should all be equal, all states should get as much attetion from presidential candidates no matter what size they are.

According to Bradford Plumer, he states that that sometimes the electors decide no to vote for the party's candidate and vote for who ever they want. That is not fair for the citizens! Voters should be able to have contol on who they vote for because it's their vote, it shouldnt be depended on someone else who might even trick them and end up voting for someone that the people didnt want. Bradford also states that "500,000 voters would equal 55 representatives who represent 35 million voters, that amouint of voters vote one party for president and another for Congress." This shows how the House's selection doesn't need to be expected from the will of the people.  If we change the system then people shouldnt have to be depending on who their elector votes for, it would just be their vote that counts.

The winner-take-all system is the worst thing about Electoral College, making it unfair for the voters. Since there are states that candidates know they dont have a chance of winning, they just dont spend time at that state, so they only go to the states they know they will get their votes on. Bradford Plumer also said that during the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't get to see the candidates at all, and that 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad. which doesnt make fair for those states becasuse they wanted to see who they wanted to cast their vote on. The candidates should have to spend equal time in each state even if they know they aren't going to win it there might be people on those states that might like that candidate.

These reasons should suggest that the Electoral College system should go away, and popular vote would be a better idea. The candidate shouldn't win cause of winner-take-all system, or cause some electors didn't listen to the voters. It should be on the people's hands and what they think of that candidate. The people's votes should what really count.                                                                    