"On your mark get set GOOO!!!" Some people would miss the sound of NASCAR or other racing events. I personally feel that not having any cars would make the world a better healthier place to live in.

First off I feel that not having any cars would save people a lot of money. Just think what you actually need to pay when you have a car. Once a month you have to pay for a car payment (if it isn't payed off), insurance, and gas. Now think that you also need to have a lisence and have your car registered. In VAUBAN Germany residents don't have cars due to the fact that it costs $40,000 just to own a parking spot. 70 percent of the families there don't own a car and 57 percent sold their car just to move there. Now that is a way for the world to survive and now your wallet.

Next I will say how having less cars will affect the world's pollution. The people of the world rely on using cars wether it's to go to another state or just for a drive to the corner store. People have burned so many fossil fuels into the air that smog levels can reach record highs everyday. In Paris their was a day where they almost reached a record high and thye had to take half the people off the road and if they used their car anyway they would get fined. This caused the smog level to go down to a safe level after just five days. Smog can't go away over night do to warm daytime hours and cold night time hours and it would get trapped in an air pocket. But i guess this was just a close call.

My final reason to write would be due to the level stress driving has on people. Just think everyday you have a chance on dieing in a car due to an accedent. You just drive a metal cage at high speeds and have a chance of running into each other. When you are riding a bike you don't ever have to worry about runing into oter people all you think about is that you're having a nice time. Even when you're walking you don't have to stress about people running into you because its just walking. Besides walking is just human nature so why would we stress over it?

In summary I feel that not using cars is helpful due to not having to pay as much, their is less polution in the air and you tend to just be lessed stressed in general. Wouldn't you want to leave this a clean and stress free place?    