When placed in school, many students discover early on that learning in a public setting works best for them. Having the option to work in groups and chat with friends can help certain students astronomically because they thrive off of human interaction. however, this is not the case for everyone. Most students actually happen to perform worse on their assignments when attending class at school. Because of this, more students will benefit from being able to attend classes from home instead because working at home minimizes distractions, helps students with deadlines, and allows a student to learn how to teach themselves material that they will later use in life.

It is a known fact that, if given the opportunity, most people would chose to partner up with a friend to work on an assignment. Working with peers, especially in school, may seem like a good idea at a first glance, but studies show that when surrounded by all of their friends a majority of students tend to get less work done. If a student were to switch to online classes at home, this would not occur. When students work alone they are able to actually stay focused on the tasks at hand. Self working students do not have to deal with the distractions of talkative friends and also won't feel obligated to engage in their friends' conversations because they will be by themselves. There are also other factors in a school setting that distract from a students leaning that doesn't happen at home like the temperature of a classroom, or the white noise of air conditioning. Both of these things can make the leaning experience uncomfortable for students because the environment around them is not ideal. If the a student was to attend online classes then the problems of loud background noises and inconsistent temperature wouldn't factor in negatively toward some students' performance on school work because they are in the comfort of their home.

Additionally, Student that attend classes from home are better at meeting deadlines. When doing online assignments there are usually due by dates that show when the student needs to turn in work. Although in school teachers also require work to be turned in by a specific time, teachers tend to continuously extend a students' work period. Teachers are also more likely to extend dates of quizzes or exams for their students. If teachers are always pushing back dates for assignments to be turned in, then a student will never fully learn how to meet a deadline when they are out of school and get a real job. An online course would not provide this feature. When students attend online school, all of their given assignments have to be due on a specific date that will not change. Although it can be stressful at times, this concept helps students in the long run because it allows them to learn how to adjust their time schedule to be able to get their work done on time in order to meet the deadline.

Furthermore, when students take classes at school, it is more likely for them to get a teacher that does not teach well enough. There has been many cases in multiple schools where students are failing classes solely because their teacher wasn't the right fit for them. Students who complete assignments at home, on the other hand, do not face this problem at all. When students are given a task that that they have to learn, it is more likely that those students will succeed in the lessons they taught themselves because they are able to use a method that works best for them instead of having to adhere to someone else's way of teaching. Students that are in the habit of teaching themselves school work will also figure out how to successfully learn other life skills on their own like cooking or learning a language. Being able to learn different skills by themselves is more beneficial because it allows people to rely on themselves instead of always going to others for help and possibly getting the wrong information.

Most people would argue that students do perform better when working in a social environment. Some believe that it provides students with more opportunities to better their social skills. However, it is more beneficial for students to attend online classes at home because it minimizes distractions, helps students meet deadlines, and it allows students to get in the habit of learning life skills to help them in the future.                  