There is a debatable path in the future between the use of cars and driverless cars. This is shown throughout the article, "Driverless Cars Are Coming." Although driverless cars are a huge step in the development of technology, there are numerous potential negative aspects that can arise.

Driverless cars should not be used in the future due to the possibilities of a significant increase in the amount of accidents, and the failure of technology.

To begin with, driverless cars should not be used due to the fact that driverless cars are still dependent on human activity, in some situations, which could increase the amount of accidents.

When a person or driver is in a driverless car they may think that the car is in complete control and fall asleep or participate in other activies that would normally distract a driver.

However, this can cause a problem because driverless cars are still dependent on human activity in some situations.

In the text it states, "This means that the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires."(paragraph 7).

If the human driver does not remain alert this can result in an accident.

This is a negative aspect of driverless cars because they are made to be more simple, however, they can result in accidents just as easy as a normal human driver.

Additionally, another factor leading into the idea that driverless cars should not be used is the potential failure of technology causing problems with the law.

In the text it states, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault - the driver or the manufacturer?"(Paragraph 9).

This is an interesting point brought up in the article because the possibility that the technology fails and results in an accident can cause numerous problems. As seen in technology today; it is not perfect and problems arise daily.

This would not change in the future.

If an individual's driverless car got in an accident due to a technology error, the individual would blame the manufacturer causing an increased amount of dissagreements.

More laws would have to created due to this possibility.

In the article it states, "...even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident."(paragraph 9).

This shows that the use of driverless cars are not as easy as it sounds due to the potential failure in technology.

In conclusion, the use of driverless cars should be prohibited due to the fact that it would increase the amount of accidents and the potential failure in technology. Although it is a major stepping stone in todays technology, it risks the saftey of individuals all across the world.