What comes to mind when you think about school? You tend to think of a big building, filled with other kids, that your parents made you go to when you were younger. Well now schooling has changed a bit. Some schools offer distance learning as a schooling option, however; many kids aren't getting the social interactions they need. With distance learning there are benefits and concerns.

First benefit of distance learning is you can learn at your own pace. School may be easier or harder depending on the subject and the person. With this being said, there is plenty of different ways students learn best. Whether it is visionary learning, group work, textbooks, or even in the comfort of your own home.

Another good outcome of distance learning is there is less drama. In typical school, you are normally in a class with 15 to 30 other students. As a growing teenager, hormones are a powerful thing, especially in school. One day you get into an argument with your friend, next thing you know, the whole class is mad at you; regardless of knowing the full story. It is hard to deal with drama of your own, others drama, and school on top of everything else. Also, we tend to bring emotions and take our frustration out on people who don't deserve it; including teachers and other students.

Distance learning also has concerns of using too much technology, not interacting with peers, and missing out on school events. Schools have evolved with better and easier ways of learning; technology playing a large role. Although, typical schools limit technology usage in class. With distance learning you are using technology constantly. If you are at home attending classes, you are missing out on school events and interactions. There are dances, clubs, pep rallies, and sports to get involved with. There are just a few concerns with distance learning.

While most people have had only public school opportunities, schooling has advanced. Some schools have given students an option to learn by distance learning however; kids are not engaged in interactions with peers. With all this information given, I personally would consider distance learning. I encourage students and parents to try out distance learning.        