While there are many speculations between whether the use of "Driverless Cars" is a good idea or not, I believe that it is a good idea to have them.

The use of the driverless car can be very helpful as long as there are guidelines that go along with the use of the car.

Guidelines such as how there must be a licensed driver in the car and at the wheel at all times.

The reason that a rule like that should be put into place is because if the car is having a mechanical issue and stops working it could put the owner of the vehichle and others outside of the car at risk of injury or death.

Another useful way that is a possitive for the car is that if you are injured from the waste down and can no longer use your legs or feet you would still be able to drive.

The person with the issue would have to go to the BMV to get special approval of getting your license so in case of an emergency you would be able to control the wheel of the car to direct it towards safety.

If you were unable to use your legs you would be able to drive the car with the steering wheel as long as the rest of the car, as in the brakes and accelerator, would still be monitored and controlled by the car itself.

In paragraph two it states that google has had a car that can drive itself but it is not truly driverless, it alerts the driver to pull out of the driveway or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents.

I believe that a car like that should be the vision for all car manufacturers because it also states in paragraph two that google cars have driven over half a million miles and not a single crash has occured.

If all manufacturers had this vision it would be a good starting point that could later on help pursue the vision of making a car fully autonomous.

In essence the world needs to set goals to help get them to the vision that they truly want to reach, which is a fully autonomous car so that anyone blind, paralyzed, or just not licensed can be at the wheel of the vehicle.

If the car were to be made Sergey Brin will fulfill his idea of having a fleet of public transportation that can take people from place to place.

He forsees that it could make split the price of fuel in half since his design for the car only uses half the fuel a normal public taxi would need.

That is why i believe autonomous cars are the future.