Although some might say, online classes would be the worst decision a school could make, but others believe it could be the best decision any school has ever made. There are many benefits from long distance/online classes. The benefits could improve society as we know it many high school drop outs or older immigrants could get there degrees without going to night school or even a high school.

Long distance learning could be helpful to the country; lots of people in the United States of America are high school drop outs or haven't even been to school, but with this opportunity to take classes without going to an actual school could really help everyone. with out a high school diploma most people are being taken advantage of by doing lots of labor for little money. Most of them have to work more the than two jobs to live from check to check. Not looking forward to retirement living with depths until they eventually leave the country after raising there kids. Most immigrants come to America from different countries to give there children opportunities that they didn't have so they just work for a little over minimum wage because they have no education. Education in the United States should be free for people of all ages if online class were open for local schools everyone would be able to join and learn.

Online classes should be limited to people who need it because there are always people that would try and take the easy way out. The online classes should only be available for a selected few such as working student's, high school drop outs, or student's that have failed a course. The online learning could get in the way of free time some teachers could send out too much work and cause the student's to work even harder with no breaks. Students could get over whelmed especially when someone just came from work. If the teachers send the right amount of work; then there would be no problems with online learning.

At this time and point with technology and where it's at right now we should have flying cars but we don't the reason why is because many people in the USA don't even have there high school diploma, but if high school classes were online and anyone who wanting to join could we would have flying cars. Fredrick Dugles a man that was born into slavery was able to become a great writer once said "if someone wasn't educated they could be taken advantage of but if they are educated the world could be his" what he means by that is knowledge is power in order to succeed you must have knowledge. Having online classes in local schools for everyone would be a great idea and should be done.    