Cars thery're every where, and people use cars to get from point A to point B. Cars are very important in the lives of many people all over the world. Cars are efficiant and help to get the job done. People often only seem to look at jus the postive sides of cars, but yet tend to oversee the down falls of how the use of cars can have in a persons life. the use of cars many have a few postive aspects but the negatives out way the good. The use of cars effect the enviorment negatively in a big way, also the use of cars tends to cause people stress that a person might not be aware their going through. The limting of the use of cars is something people must take upoon themselves to look at.

The envorement its all around us, it provides us with the basic nesscities we need to survive the envoirment provides us with oxygen that we need to breathe and food that we need to eat. The use of cars is threating the enviorment. Cars realse Co2 or carbondioxy into the enviorment causeing the air to be come polluted. Accoriding to an article tittled "paris bans driving due to smog" writen by Robert Duff. Duff writes about how Paris Frances air had become so polluted due to the realse of co2 admsions  that the govenerment had to enforce a band on the use of cars until the smog in the air cleared up. The main casue of the smog in the air was the diesls found in the cars used in France, due the fact that France has a Tax policy that draws towards the use of diesles over gasoline. Accrording to Duffer "diesels makes up  67 percent of vehicles in France, compared to53.3 percent average of diesle engins in the rest of Western Europe, according to Reuters."

In the article Duffer explains how the most ppopulated cities are the ones with the the smog or air pollution. Cities like Beijing and China have alot of smog in the air is because of the use of cars. The use of cars have a very negative impact on the enviorment. Countries all over the world are taking a step foward towards limting their use on cars due to effcts its has. In an acrticle called In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars writen by Elisabeth Rosenthal talks about an upscaled coummunity in called Vauban Germany where people have given up theirs cars. In Vauban's 70 percent of the families that resided in vaubans don't own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move into the community. Even though alot of the resdients of Vauband dont use car some still due. Ownig a car is still allowed vauband uses large garages where people can  store thier cars,but a person must first pruchase a parking space for $40,000 first. While some cars are still used in the comuntiy walk or bycicle as thier means of transportation. Vauband is a prime example of of a postive growing trend. Vauband helps to reduce the green house gas emissions cars give off.

While cars can cause harm to the enviorment, cars can also cause people stress that they themsleves don't know they're dealing with. Accoriding to a a qoute found in In german Suburb, Life goes on without Car. Heidrun Walter exprees how without casr lifes is happier "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." another qoute found in Car-free day is spinnig into a big hit in Bogota says "Its a good opportunity to take away stress an lower air pollution" said a businessman Carlos Arturo. Carlos was speaking about a day set aside where the use of cars is not permited in Colombia. Cars casue people to feel as if thier lifes revole around cars. Pepole didnt notice the effect that cars had on thier lives until they didnt have to undergo the use f cars.    