"Benefits of Online schools"

Students should attend online classes, for there are more benefit and opportunity for students than there are at school.

Online school include many benefits like higher chance of grade, having much more time on your schedule, and a faster way to receive credit for the class.

Online school increases student's time, so they can save more time and set up their schedule to get important things done and be able to go other places. Many students work especially in high school and college. Some students quite their job or stop going to school, for their work schedule and school schedule don't match. Also, Online schools are helpful for unemployed students, who want to volunteer or participate in sports. Instead of going to school, students are able to go on a vacation in different countries or visit their relatives in different states, by taking online classes. In conclusion, schools waste many students time and stop them from volunteering, working, and traveling by taking much of their time, for not all students have the same schedule or daily routine.

Schools can be distracting and frustrating for many students, but online classes help students have more silent and focusing environment, which helps them keep their grade up. Many fights or argument occur at school, for some students don't get along. For example, someone's conversation or actions can be distracting to others, for there are students, who truly want to learn their lesson while there are students who don't. On the other hand, some students work late at night and don't get enough sleep because they have to go to school early in the morning. Eventually, they end up receiving low grade for sleeping in the class and not being able to focus on the lesson. By taking online classes, students understand and learn the lesson better by repeating or reread the lesson online at home, where it's silent and less distracting. As a result, students receive higher grade attending online classes because students have more time to sleep, have more personal space, and it's much easier to learn online than at school.

One of the best benefits of online schools is that there are no delays, and students don't miss any lessons due to any weather condition, viruses, or sickness. Many schools cancel or delay due to heavy snow, hurricanes, or viruses. For example, schools in Generic_City are closing due to Corona virus. Besides, students, who have Corona or any other illness, don't miss any of their assignments or tests, for they can do them online while resting.

In conclusion, online schools are faster way for students to finish their class with high grade and without any missing assignment.

Some students might argue that going to school is much is easier than online schools, for you can ask your teacher questions and get personal help from them. They also might argue that you can't meet other students and discus the lesson with them attending online classes. Most of online classes contains teacher's email or there is a way to send a massage and ask questions relating to the lesson. Sometimes, there are group chats for students to attending the same online class to communicate and discus the lesson. But however, communication between students are not necessary or a way for students to learn more about the lesson. Though, being able to ask your teacher questions relating to the topic can be helpful.

Attending online class has many impact on student's time. Being able to get enough sleep and have your personal space, students can be focused, which helps them to keep their grade up and learn more about their lessons. last but not least, attending online class at anytime, students can do other things like working, going to vacation, and attending other classes or events keep them active. At last, students don't miss any assignment due to any delay or sickness. 