Americans in the world are using cell phones in every hour of their lives. Cell phones allow connection with the world. However, it is now considered more fashionable to carry a phone and less about what benefits cellphones actually offer. Cell phones offer multiple characteristics (in addition to communication) including cameras, TV games, texting, music, social media etc. As a result, because cell phones offer so much more other things to do besides communication, cell phones should not be used while driving.

Cell phones are a big distraction while driving. Drivers can easily lose focus on the road and switch lanes without noticing what they are doing because their eyes are not on the road. Therefore, it is not safe for to use cell phones while driving because kids will grow into teens and think it is cool to use their phones while driving because their parents did it. There have been more accidents with teens than ever before. Phones take your attention from the road and you can endanger citizens. The greatest disadvantage of using cell phones while driving is that it distracts away from the road.

In my state of Georgia, there is a new law called the hands-free-law. The hands free law says texting while driving is banned. Also, drivers cannot use hand held devices when driving. Therefore, drivers should not be able to use their cell phones while operating a vehicle. Since this law bans the hand-held usage of electronics devices while running a vehicle, drivers should use hands-free devices. Some hands-free device options include: blue-tooth devices and or GPS devices.

In closure, I believe that drivers should not use cell phones while driving. Using a hand-held device and driving isn't safe for the driver, other drivers, or even nearby civilians. Using a hand-held device takes more effort while driving than having a hands-free device. When driving, you should not have to multi- task. While driving you need to concentrate on the road. However, you cannot focus on the road if you're trying to use your phone at the same time.       