All over the world, major cities are trying to reduce their use of cars. From Germany, to France, to Columbia, and coming back to the US, people are limiting car use to reduce pollution, or live better, or even to save money. In some places, there is one day every year that doesn't allow cars. In other places, there are whole communities that dont allow cars year round.

In Germany, there is a community in named Vauban that doesnt allow cars unless you have the money to pay for a parking spot that is on the outskirts of town. The revolutionizing community makes peopl epay $40, 000 dollars just for one parking spot. This wonderful new place has reduced the amount of greenhouse gas produced in the last few years drastically, with 70% of the population not owning a car. This has encouraged many other countries to start somehting just like it.

The city of love may not be so lovely if it's so smoggy you can barely see. Paris was gaining so much air pollution from the amount of gas that was released from driving hta tthey put a ban on driving. This ban consisted of a few new rules to help prevent the smog from overpowering the beauty of the city. On Mondays, even numbered license plates were not allowed to use theie car for anything. This same rule applied to the odd numbered license plates on Tuesdays. This helped limit the amount of driving, in return limiting the amount of smog. Smog is created when the area has cold night weather and warm day weather, causing the air to trap car emission. Diesel can be a big contributer to this and is the main gas type in France. France favors diesel because of their taxing system, but it seems they don't care too much about their environment.

What would happen if every country had a day with no cars? The city of Bogota, Columbia has had a Day without cars once a year for quite a few years. Just recently, other Colubian cities have joined in and even Paraguay's captial has participated. What this day is supposed to do is promote the use of other types of transportation, for example; walking or biking. It also reduces smog and the amount of air pollution, in retalliation, improving the city. In Bogota, there is a $25 fine for those who do not participate in thsi environtmentally helpful day.

Although the amount of driving in the US has decreased since 2005, there is more we can do to help the situation. The average number of miles driven did peak in 2005 and drop from there, in return, dropping other statistics as well. As of April of 2013, the number of driven miles has dropped 9% below the peak, being the same as in January of 1995, says  Doug Short of Advisor Perspectives. The roads have even become safer  due to the amount of young drivers dropping 23% between the years of 2001-2009. Even if the number of miles hadn't peaked, there still wouldn't be as many drivers on the road because of the recession. Americans couldn't afford to but cars due to the amount of money lost during that horrible time.

All through the world, people are trying to slowly save their environment by reducung car use. From one day to a whole year, everything helps to save our world. The German community of Vauban has made it nearly impossible to own a car. Paris, at one point, had to put restrictions on their driving. Columbia has an annual day of no cars. The US is working on lowering thier use of cars and dropping their average miles to help clear the air surrounding them. Even if it is walking from point A to point B, it helps the community and lowers air pollution.    