A decline in the use of motor vehicles would greatly help the whole world in many unique ways. Most importantly, cars have an awful effect on the enviornment. Eliminating motor vehicles all together would remove many of the polutants effecting the eviornment. Also, removing cars has a great effect on the community as well by helping places to grow and prosper. Finally, the thought of limiting car usage is trending rapidly with the common man as well as higher ups in the government.

Cars produce up to 12% of Europe's greenhouse gases and up too 50% of America's greenhouse gas. High levels of greenhouse gas absorb heat and prevent it from leaving Earth's atmosphere causing a rise in temperature better known as global warming. Second, the carbon monoxide and other noxious chemicals that are released by vehicles can come together to form a thick smog. This somg is very bad for people's health and can contaminate land and water with toxic chemicals. In order to prevent these two things a lack of usage of cars is necesary in today's world.

Just like the enviornment, reduced car usage also can benifit your very own community. Citizens reported being "much happier this way" as well as being less tense after restrictions on cars were imposed. Second, a lack of car usage would caue much denser cities. In turn, buisness that were staged on highways would become local and  city centers would allow friends to live close by. Finally, in cities that imposed bans on motor vehicles parks and sports centers were not only revived but began to completely flourish.

Finally, laws about car usage are smiled upon by both pedestrians but by people in legislative positions. Fist off, European places like Switzerland and France first adopted these types of rules. As a result, events like car free day in Bogota became a big sucess with many supporters. Therefore, even president Barack Obama revealved a plan to be imposed that limits the usage of cars in America. Finally, sociological professors like Mimi Sheller have noticed people accepting and embracing the new anti car policies.

In turn, restricting car usage has nothing but good to offer the majority of cities. From helping reduce the global problem of polution. Or, helping to build bigger more tightly knit cities. The new very popular laws will be imposed in many Eurpoean countires and sonn the U.S. As a result, the positive effects will be embraced by communities for generations to come.    