Most people make good choices, but when they do not, some people seek for advice, while others continue to make bad choices. When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Seeking out multiple opinions can help someone make better choices, for it influence them to do better, , and many people most likely have experience.

To begin with, humans will follow anything if they are influenced by it. In this time and age, lots of human's opinions matters to others. For example, Generic_Name made a really bad choice, and asked her friend for help. Her friend gave there opinion to her and Generic_Name is now making better choices.

Also, people like to get different intakes on things. They wanna see what other people think, and how they would do it. Just one person's advice might not be enough. For instance, Generic_Name got a F on her test, and chose not to tell her father. She asked Generic_Name and Generic_Name what she should do, Generic_Name said, "tell your father, for he will help you, and maybe even find a tutor for you." While Generic_Name said, "do not tell your father, for you will get punished for your bad grade." Generic_Name did what Generic_Name told her, and told her father. To her surprise he was not mad at all and found her a tutor.

Furthermore, asking a person with experience will help you out a lot. They will help you stay away from what terrible things could happen. The quote from a commercial, "we know a thing or two, because we have seen a thing or two," is very valid, for someone who has knowledge on the choices you have made, will try to shift you on the right path. For example, my uncle does not have a job, and did not pay his rent for three months. He asked my mother for advice, and she said, "I was in this predicament last year, and I found a decent paying job to help pay for my rent," so he took her advice and looked for a job, and once he found one he was well on his way to pay his rent.

In conclusion, asking multiple people for advice will make life easier. It will help in the long run, and also help make better decisions. Different opinions is not always such a bad thing; receiving advice from many people will increase your knowledge. 