People often ask multiple people for advice and opinions and think it's a better choice, why though you ask?

I'll tell you my reasons why.

People mostly ask more than one person for advice so that they can ask the next person for good advice if the other person didn't have any, you can take one person's advice and ask another person if it's good or not, and they can use advice that's commonly used.

First off, people ask the next person for advice because if one person doesn't have good advice or just didn't have any, they can move on to the next person who does. If someone doesn't tell them advice, they don't think of just standing there, doing nothing, because of one person that didn't tell them anything. They tell another person, and another person, and ask as many close people as they can for advice.

Secondly, if you asked someone for advice, you can take what that person said and ask if other people say if it's good advice or not. People do this to test if they can trust another person or not. They tell what they said to a trustworthy companion and say if it's good enough opinion that should be taken, or poor advice that shouldn't be taken. If it's good they're trustworthy, and if it isn't they're not trustworthy. Being trustworthy is essential for asking for advice since you can take it knowing they're not lying.

Thirdly, if someone asks a lot of people for advice and they say the same thing, they shoud take that advice since it's commonly used, which is a good thing. It's a good thing because why would a lot of people be taking the same advice if it's bad? So, it has to be great advice. It also depends on how much they trust that person or not, but if they do trust that person, then they should take that advice seriously.

People ask multiple people for advice because they can ask more close friends if one person didn't tell them anything, they can compare that persons advice to other people and see if it's good or not, and they can use advice that's mostly used. Those are my reasons why seeking multiple people for advice and opinions are a better choice.