Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I think we should be allowed to use out cell phones during lunch or when we have a free period, because if we need to call our parents to come pick us up because we're sick, or we've gotten hurt,

we should be able to.

Or if we just want to get in touch with friends, who also have a free period.

If we were able to use our phones when we have free time, there wouldn't be as many kids trying to be sneaky about texting in class.

To begin with,

the nurse has a lunch right when we do.

She wont let you into the clinic unless you have a pass from your teacher.

Except, if you fall outside on the patio, or you get sick, there isn't going to be a teacher to write you a pass.

There also isn't going to be a nurse to call your parents for you.

This sounds like a pretty good time to be able to use your cell phone.

Just last year, when I was in 7th grade,

I was running a all day and I was trying to wade it out to see if I could make it through the day.

I tried to go to the clinic, but she wasn't there, and I threw up on the patio.

Had I been able to use my cell phone, I could have had my mom come pick me up.

Also, what if you get hurt out on the patio, such as a fall the cuts your knee wide open.

when there's no nurse, what are you going to do?

I believe this is a reason to think about when considering the cell phone policy.

Teenagers love to communicate.

What better way then with a cell phone?

Now, I know what you're thinking, but I'm not talking about allowing us to have out phones out during classes.

We need to focus on out education.

That's what those core classes are for.

But during lunch, or an elective, if our friends have a free period as well, what would the harm be in texting them?

It's not like we're distracting them from learning math, or science, or another important class.

Just by allowing us to have our phones out for the two or three classes plus lunch we have that aren't core classes, you wouldn't have near as many problems with kids texting in their actual classes.

I believe kids would actually focus more in their class knowing that they don't have to risk getting caught now, when they know there will be a time for them to text later.

When thinking about the cell phone policy for SCHOOL_NAME, I hope you'll take my ideas into consideration.

If kids are sick or hurt, and the nurse isn't there, what are they going do?

Be sick all day?

A quick call or text to mom or dad would help a lot.

Also, during lunch if we could text friends, but turn off the phone during real classes, you would have less of a diciplin