Have you ever wondered about space travel? Maybe even on planets that might be closer than it seems? What if it was one of them in The Milkyway Galaxy? You might be thinking about Mars but you may think too yourself "We've already explored alot of Mars." But what if I told you that Venus is the planet we are talking about visting? The author in the article, " The Challenge of Exploring Venus" agrees with exploring one of our planetary neighbors Venus. It's conciderd Earth's 'twin', We have tecnology that can help us explore the planet, and that studying Venuses atmosphere atmosphere can help us lern more abut our sister planet.

Venus is known for being one of Earth's "twins". Venus is known for it's density and size that is quite similar to Earth's. "Astronomers are facinatedby Venus beacuse it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Long ago, Venus was probaly covered largely with oceans and could have supported forms of life, just like Earth." (Paragraph 4, Challenges of Exploring Venus). Astromomers are saying that venus is very similar to Earth, by its size and that in the past Venus might have had life forms on it and that might be a good reason why it would be a good reason to explore Venus.

Another reason why exploring Venus would be a good idea is that we have the proper tecnology to go and explore our sister planet. "NASA has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to go study Venus. NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientist to float above the fray... blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the rolling Venusian landscape." (Paragraph Five, The Challenge of Exploring Venus). With the tecnology to be able to fly over Venus and using a blimp to help humans fly over the harsh conditions of Venuses surface. So we have the right tecnology to fly over Venus and safely get humans from Earth to our sister planet Is another reason why we should start exploring Venus.

A final reason why we should explore Venus is that we know about Venuses weather and condisons are harsh and we know how to help explore the planet. " a thick atmosphere of almost 97% carbon dioxide and clouds are highly containing sulfuric acid... Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like errupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting stricks to probes seeking land on it's surface." ( Paragraph 3, The Challenge of Exploring Venus). Scinetist are discovering Venuses waether like conditions and the planet's conditions. With knowing these we can make tecmology that can help us explore the planet. And we can study these weather conditions and learn more about our sister planet.

So traveling to Venus is a good idea to travel to Venus even though the conditions on the planet are not so welcoming and the resaoning for traveling there is that, the planet is Earth's "twin, we have the correct tecnology to travel there and we know a lot of the planet's atmosphere and how we can take that to help make human travel safe to get from Earth to venusand how we can help humans survive the conditions that come along with Venus. Traveling to venus would also futher our minds on how our neghboring planets are. Do you think that traveling to Venus would help humanity as a whole?     