Some schools provide distance learning by home or by going to school and getting the information in class. In other words, I believe that learning in class is more efficient. Some might believe that learning by distance is better because they can stay at home and do the work. They believe this because its probably easier for them, or they don't want to learn it in class. I believe that learning in class, at school is better because some students may have small group classes, It is easier to understand the information the teachers give us, and teachers will physically be with you while you learn the information in class.

The first reason is that some students may have small group classes. For example, if youre a students that takes a small class it would be better for you to learn it in class because its makes the information much easier. This means that the information you receive will be more efficient and understanding. Another example is that students in small group classes may be in that class because when they are learning at school with everything about the subject in the room they may find it easier. This conveys that being in a small group class is better than learning in a video conference, for some students.

Secondly, it is easier to understand the information that the teachers gives us. For example, being in a video conference wont let you get extra information by the teacher. This is important to note because what if you dont understand the subject and that teacher isnt their to help you because the class has ended. Another example is, while the students are at home they can get distracted or zoned out while the teacher is explaining the information to them, so the teacher will have to re explain the whole lesson to them. In other words, this means that the students will have to learn the lesson again.

The third reason is that the teachers will physically be there while the students are working. For example, imagine students in a classroom with a teacher that is there to help them understand and work through the lesson, while a student is home learning. The students wont be able to ask the teacher for extra information about the lesson, instead they will have to figure it out themselves. This proves that being in a class room with a teacher in the room will be more efficient and helpful. The last example is if student has a very important question they need to ask the teacher and the video conference has ended the student needs to find a way top contact them, so they can answer their important question on the lesson. This proves that if a student needs more information or they have extra questions they wont be able to ask the teacher without another way of contact.

In conclusion, learning at school more efficient and important than learning from behind a screen. I still believe that is easier to work in class because some students may have small group classes, It is easier to understand the information the teacher give us, and teachers will be with you during the class. Others may still believe that learning from home is better for them because they can take information in that way, but learning in class, at school is very important and better for your brain.   