Driverless cars are a newer technology that has greatly advanced in the twenty first centuary, but they are a long way away form seeing them on the road. It is evident driverless cars have a negative impact on society through safety harzards, lack of legal laws, and unreliable technology.

It is guaranteed driverless cars will be a safety threat to everyone on the road becasue they can not be trusted. Driverless cars would rely only on the car itslef to get you somewhere, and people who no longer have to drive themselves. In doing this people are no longer able to be held responsible for any crashes caused by these vehicles, because they would not be in controll of their own car. It is known that crashes would be much more likely, and this too means more death would occur. Many people will become turned away from driving on the road if they know others are not in controll of their own vehichle.

In todays society there are very few laws put in place about driverless cars, which would create many conflicts if these car were to exist on the roads. It is said in article about the intentions of traffic laws that "the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." This means it will be very difficult for new laws to be passed which support driverless cars since a human would not be in controll of it. New laws would need to be put into place because it is evident when it comes to accidents with driverless cars people would need to be aware of whose fault it is.

Technology will always have issues where it fails to do its intention, and this is why we can not trust it with our lives. The human brain has the ability to think in a much different way than a machine would becasue they are just robots. If these machines which run off technology were more effictive than the human brain then everyone woudl have robots doing daily activites for them. As you can tell this does not occur in our socity today, because they are unrelliable. When driving a car you have to think and predict what could possibly happen. With the human brain we have this ability, but the technology driving the car has the ability to suddenly break and then the person in the vehicle would have there life potientally harmed. It will always be more reliable if you trust human knowledge over technology.

The safety hazards, lack of legal laws, and unreliable technology are all ways driverless cars will have a negative impact on the roads. Driveless cars may seem appealing becuase of the convience of everyone have a personal taxi driver (the car itself), but the negative impact outweights the prositive impact. 