Asking others for advice is like studying before the night of a test; it is a fantastic idea! When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Asking many different others for advice is a wonderful idea, for it can boost ones confidence, gives you more than one opinion, and be less stressful.

To begin with, asking others for advice is a marvelous idea, for can boost confidence. It may help you feel very good about the decision you are going to make, also if you ask others and they give good feed back on your decision. There will be many times where people you ask for advice on may tell you that you are picking the right choice. For example, my younger brother is playing basketball for a travel team. On this team they have an A team which is good and the have a B team which is not as good. My brother was placed on the B team and he wants to woke hard and be able to get on the A team, with him having many different others to support his decision that will boost his confidence and he will want to do better.

Another reason why asking others for advice on something is good is, for it gives you more than one opinion. You can get many different perspectives from this, you can see what they would do and what they would not encourage. You can also see the many different options you may have during the situation, and you can decide on what is best for you. For example, if your mother told you to clean up and you do not want to and you ask more than one person for advice on what you should do. The many different people may advise you that cleaning up is the best decision to make in this situation.

The last reason on why i think asking others for advice is the best decision is because it can be extremely less stressful. You do not have to stress for days or even hours on what the best decision is when you can ask others for advice. You also do not have to think the situation is all on your hands and that you can not deal with it. For example, say your school loaned you a computer and a charger for it at the beginning of the year. It is coming to the end of the year and you lose your charger the day before you are supposed to turn it in. This situation has became very stressful and you may not know what to do, but you can ask others for advice and you can make the best choice on when you will buy another charger.

However, while many people ask for advice from other people to make the best decision, many other people would rather not ask for any advice at all. Not asking for others advice can be good, for you do not second guess yourself or your decision, it shows your independent and do not need others input, and shows you can keep everything under control without people telling you what you should do.

In conclusion, people all around the world recommend asking others for advice and sometimes it is the best choice to do in some cases, for it boost confidence, gives more than one opinion, and causes less stress. I personally think that asking for ones advice helps you make a better choice.