Have you ever wondered what someone is feeling by just looking at their face? Now, scientist have discovered a new technology to read emotions. The new technology uses recognition of muscle movements in the face. This new technology would be valubale in a classroom with students because you could tell how the students really feeling, you could tell if they are faking emotions, and it could be a learning tool.

First, you could tell how the students are really feeling. In paragraph 9, the author states "According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them." This means if a teacher sees an upset student, the teacher can tell them to make a happy face and eventually the student won't be as upset. It would help everyone be happy because everyone will "... unconsciously imitate another person's facial expressions."

Second, it would help show if anyone is faking emotions. In paragraph 8, the author says "...these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling" politician or celebrity isn't being truthful." This would also be helpful with students in a classroom because if student his trying a student is trying to hide being upset a teacher could know and then ask them whats wrong. Also, it would work the other way too. The teacher would know if a student would be faking being upset.

Lastly, it could be used as a learning tool. It could be a way of showing how facial muscles work and the emotions that are shown by them. In paragraph 6, the author states " Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." This shows that it would be able to help students learn based off of their emotions.

There many things in the new technology that would be valuable in a classroom with students. For instance, it help tell how students are feeling. Also it could tell if a student is faking a smile and is really upset. Finally, it would be a helpful learning tool by changing lessons by the students emotions. Next time you see a facial expression try telling what emotion that it applies to.