Dear Senator,

I know that you have many issues to think about and havee a lot of decisions to make, but I think it the subject of the Electoral College is a very improtant subject for you to ponder.  The Electoral College needs to be changed, we need to vote for the presidency with the popular vote.  I believe that the Electoral college needs to be taken away because it's not the peoples president when voting with the Electoral College, the legislature could approve people to be electors that are all against a certain candidate, and it is a very confusing process for people to understand.

First, the Electoral College should be changed because it is not the peoples president when voting with the Electoral College.  The people ar evoting for the president, but not really.  They are actually voting for a slate of electors, who then choose what canidate there electoral votes should go to.  The whole point of a democracy is to let the people of the country have a say in who is in charge, but with the Electoral College this is not happening. The people are saying who they want for president but if the slate of electors does not agree, then the votes go the other way.  This was expressed in "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong" by Bradford Plummer.  In the passage he says, "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for aslate of elctors, who in turn elect the president. If you lived in Texas, for insatnce, and wanted to vote for John Kerrry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. On the off chance that those electors won the statewide election, they would go to Congress and Kerry would get 34 electoral votes."

In addition, the Electoral College should be abolished because the legislature could approve people to be electors that are all against a certain candidate. The Legislature is technically responsible for picking electors and theycould very well pick electors that are all against a certain candidate. Everyone says the system is so strong but is it really? The fact that a group of people opposing one candidate could be the electors for that state and could totally changed the votes doesn't make the system look so strong. Plummer adressed this situation in his passage, he stated, "Back in 1960, segregationista in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors wiht new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. (so that the popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy)."

Finally, the Electoral college system needs to be taken away because it is very confusing. The whole system is just a jumble of different things. There are so many different steps and processes that tend to confuse the voters. When the voters get confused they often end up voting for the wrong candidate or making a mistake. If the voting system was just, the voters voted for who they pleased, then the votes were counted, then all the votes from states are added together, and then whoever had the most votes won, the whole thing would just be much easier.  I belive that when the situation is as impportant as voting for our president, it should be as easy and flawless as possible.  For example, when I was in seventh grade, I learned about the Electoral College in civics class. learing about the Electoral College was one of the hardest and most complicated thing I learned that year. How are people supossed to vote, if they have no idea how the system works?

In conclusion, I believe that the electoral college needs to be abolished because it's not the peoples president when voting with the Electoral College, the legislature could approve people to be electors that are all against a certain candidate, and it is a very confusing process for people to understand.

Thank you foy your time,

PROPER_NAME    