Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? students have their own way on learning, in school and at home. Students still should attend school for valuable reasons.

Students can get more help and experience at school than home. I know some students have different ways of learning, but its way better to get more hands on than seeing it online. Students wouldn't have interactions with teachers or students. Being social is good and communication is key in today's society. Students voices should be heard and how you going to do that if your doing online classes. Some kids have trouble some time speaking or afraid to speak to some people, but school is a place where you can speak your mind and have an opinion on things and get help so you could be heard.

Hands on is important so you can have an experience. Instead of just seeing it and observing it you be can doing it yourself so you can learn how to do things in life. School has many things so you can be prepare for the real world. Like high school, you have multiple schools that does hands on like carpentry, cooking , doing hair , and child and development. All of this is in school so you can have an experience on what you want to do or want to learn in life. I rather have hands on so I can learn how to do it instead later on in life I'm not struggling doing what could been taught in front of me.

You have to take some things for granted because a lot of people don't get the chance to go to school and do these type of things. I don't like school, but I rather be here getting my education than be home doing nothing watching time go by. Take this for granted because one day you want the best for your kids and want them to learn and be successful in life and be their own boss. School in important can' t stress it enough. Looking at a screen is not going to help get the actually help you need.

Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? students have their own way on learning, in school and at home. Students still should attend school for valuable reasons. Students can get more help and experience at school than home.