Do you think extracurricular activities are fun? Well, there are many extracurricular activities to choose from such as sports, serve on the student council, and work on the school yearbook. Many people think it's a great idea to have extracurricular activities after school. Having extracurricular activities are important because it allows you to make learn a new sport or game,allows you to spend less time on your electronic devices, and to get you homework done at school so that you can seek help when needed.

Have you ever tried a new activity? Extracurricular activities are fun to get involved in because there are many different activities. Like, basketball, volleyball, and many other enjoyable sports. Extracurricular activities that involve physical activity, are more likely to have kids join. You can even bring your competitive side out in extracurricular activities. Some students however prefer to do non athletic activities. Like, design the yearbook or serve on the student council. Whatever activity you are interested in is most likely available. Most extracurricular activities provide a bus for you to get home with out your parents having to pick you up.

Have your parents ever told you to get off your phone or your video game because you have been playing on it for to long? Well, your parents wouldn't have to harp on you all the time to get off you phone or device if you were participating in an extracurricular activity. In extracurricular activities, you might even be allowed to go on your phone for educational uses.

Its been proven that the more time spent on electronic devices, the more brain cells that are being killed off because you are not doing anything with meaningful. You might even learn something new!

Have you ever gotten to school and realized you didn't complete a homework assignment? Well, I have and thats not fun at all. When there are extracurricular activities use the chance to go talk to your teacher if you dont understand something. Most of the time a teacher would be happy to assist you with your homework or give you another practice worksheet to make sure you understand the topic in class. In most extracurricular activities, there are computer labs that they use as study halls for students that want to work silently. This is a perfect way to make sure all of your homework is completed by the assigned deadline.

In conclusion, extracurricular activities are important because you can learn new sports or other activities, have less time on your electronic device, and get time to complete your homework assignment at school with the help of your teacher. All in all, doing one extracurricular activity is good to do!