Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online classes or video conferencing. Online schooling has become more common over the past several years, especially for college students. Many students may excel from this opportunity, while others may not. Being in a school building is more beneficial for students. Reasons being, a stable learning environment, extra help, and social skills.

Being in a stable learning environment, can help students get their work done or turned in on time. If students participated in online classes, they would be more likely to procrastinate. Procrastination can also cause students to become lazy and not get their work done. Students may also feel like they can cheat on tests, classwork, and quizzes. Cheating is prohibited in a local school building and also receives severe consequences.

Extra help is also beneficial to students' grades. If students result to online schooling, there isn't always a teacher or professor present. Resulting in if a student needs help, they have to email their teacher which could take several hours. It is more efficient if the student has a teacher present so they can ask for help anytime they need it.

Many students and children lack social skills. Being in a school environment can help teach students to communicate more efficiently. When working at home for online schooling, students aren't communicating with their fellow students or peers. Instead they are staring at a computer screen for five or more hours of the day. Social interactions can also benefit students' well being. Having the proper social skills allows students to be more likely to make friends.

Several students and teachers may argue that online schooling is more beneficial for students. For reasons such as free time. Students that do online schooling are more likely to have free time at the end of the day. Many students have different learning paces and may get their work done faster than what a teacher teaches in a school environment. Online schooling students are also allowed to leave their house whenever they need to. Either to get lunch or take a break from their work.

However, attending a school environment can award students with more opportunities. Several schools offer clubs, sports, or extracurricular activities for students to participate in during or after school. These activities also allow students a better chance of getting into a good college. Graduation is also a major accomplishment after finishing senior year. As a result in doing online classes, students don't get to walk across the ceremony stage or graduate with people that attend a local school.

Several students over the past several years have resulted in online schooling. Many students may benefit from being able to work from home. However, being in a public school environment is more beneficial for students, reasons being, a stable learning environment, extra help, and social skills. Local schooling is more beneficial to a student's overall character.