Is Venus exploration safe?

"The Evening Star," although being the brightestplanet and "twin"of earth , proves to be a very challenging place to exiamine. "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," is an article written by the author explaining the reasons of why exploration to Venus is very dangerous and why it wants to be explored by scientists. The article explains in much detail the dangers and possibilities that that could happen if th exploration could happen. It also gives brief information about how Venus is made up and the history of why is an intruiging planet. In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," The author supports his idea by using data based information, question and answer responses, and the history of exploration in Venus.

In the article, the author uses a lot of data based information to support his claims about the challenges of exploration in Venus. One of the most mportant pieces of information being about what type of planet Venus is and why it is dangerous. The author says "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience o our own planet"(Paragraph 3). This briefly gives detail of how dangerous it is for humans to visit Venus knowing that the atmospheric pressure could easily crush a submarine that can withstand high pressures and liquefy many metals. This also supports his/her claims of why it is likely that the idea of exploring venus is impossible for these very reasons. Not only does this help support his claim; the information informs the reader about Venus and lets them know more about why it is a plant that NASA is very intrigued in.

In the article, the author uses a good amount of question and answer responses that help to inform the reader and support his claims of why exploration to Venus is dangerous. A good exapmle of a question that most readers will thnk of would be "Why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface?"(Paragraph 4). This question not only supports his claim but also gains the readers trust knowing that the author is very informed about what he/she is talking about and knows what the readers want to know about. Knowing that the author can recall much information about the dangers and expectations of further exploration to venus benefits his argument by gaining their trust and support on his claim.

Using the history of exploration in Venus helps support the authors claims in many ways. Knowing the history falls back into the subect that the author know whae/she is talking about and also allows the reader to know more about the subject. "Vensu was probably covered largely with oceans and could have suppported various forms of life, just like those on earth,"(Paragraph 4). This piece of information breifly explains the reasons of why scientists value the research done with Venus knowing that it is very comparable to earth. This information also explains the now leading dangers of Venus because of its physical changes and leads to the possiblilities given by NASA of ways that Venus can be explored.

The author supports his idea of Venus's exploration being impossible by using data based information, question and answer responses, and the history of exploration in Venus. Giving the data of how Venus's state is and the leading dangers that the planet could give if explored supports the authors claims and allows the reader to now then make the decision or to be informed if Venus should be explored or not.    