The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. I argue in favor of changing the Electoral college to election by popular vote for the presidents of the united states.

"Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In this case, the election would be thrown to the house of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president." (The senate would choose the vice president). Given that many voters vote one party for president and another for congress, the House's selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people. For example: If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for someone, you'd vote for a slate of 34 democratic electors pledged to him.

At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. "And if anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters in Ohio, they have yet to make it". For example: In 2012's election, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only  51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney.

I dont like the way they did it, the senate suppose to vote not the people because some people just vote for a reason or to get a job. "It's official; The electoral college is unfair ,outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis  in reality, and the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best." The electoral college requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region has enough elestoral votes to elect a president.

"The electoral college is widely regarded as an anachromism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be Overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner." It can be argued that the Electoral college mehod of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their states- democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California." Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by populars vote."            