"The Cowboy Program"

This isn't just any type of cowboy program, this is a cowboy who rode the waves. I think it would be good for kids to come helpout at this program. It can make you smart and learn about things you might not know.

This boy named Luke went with his best friend. His life totally changed. I'm now going to tell you why you should come. What they did their was they helped people. The boy boys played fun games like, table-tennis, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling. They did that to help pass time.

Being a Seagoing Cowboy was much of an adventure. Now here are some places they went that I think you might like. It took the group two weeks to travel across the Alantic ocean. They went to China which took a month. Also the program went to Greece to get their Military service. For World War ll in 1945, they went to Europe.

Now I'm going to tell you things they did to help out that you might like to do, if you like to do chores. Luke served as a night watchman. Also he went and checked on the animals every hour. Also to keep Luke busy about the animals is they had to be fed or watered two or three times a day. Another thing is bales of hay and bag of oats had to be pulled up from the lower holds of the ship. The stalls also had to be cleaned.

Lastly I'm going to tell you why Luke went on this ship and why you might want to. Luke went on this trip because he wanted to help out is best friend. Also he knew it was possibly the only chance he would ever get to get to go. Another reason is Luke thought it might be good work him. I think he also went on this trip to help out 44 other countries to recover their items. This was a very important job and Luke did a good job. I bet if you tried this, you would too.

Do you think you would ever want to go on this trip? I would, it sounds like you have to do work, but you still can have a lot of fun with the trip. I think it is also important to help out with other things. Maybe some day you should try this some day if you ever get the opportunity.         