Some people believe that the electoral college should be abolished and some people believe that the electoral college has helped us throughout the years. But I believe that electoral college should be abolished.

The reason I believe that the electoral college should be abolished is because I don't believe it is benefiting any elections at all. And a lot of people do not believe in it either. In source two Bradford Plumer said ''what have Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and the Chamber of Commerce been trying to do, abolish electoral voting.'' I think that the electoral college makes the president elections to close to tie, and that could be a catastrophe. However source three has made some pretty good points on the electoral college. Saying that '' if there was no electoral college there would be no winner-take-all system.'' this would a terrible problem for the canidates and the voters, and would ruin the whole election.

Therefore sources two and three makes some pretty valuable and good points, but I still think source two makes more sense to me. In source three Richard A. Posner wrote '' it is the electors who elect the president not the voters. When your voting for a president canidate your actually voting for a slate of electors. I dont agree that electors decide what we voted for, because then whats the point of voting for a canidate if your not even choosing at all. America is a democracy and having someone choose your president for you is not showing that we live in a democratic nation. We need to choose so we can learn from our own mistakes and then we won't make them again.

This just shows that the House Of Represenatives and the government don't trust us at all and that we cant make good decisions. Source one doesnt say anything about being against or with it but it did point out some interesting facts about the electoral college. The office of the federal register wrote '' the electoral college is a process, not a place. The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens.'' What their saying is that we might not have huge say on the election but we do have a pretty big say on it. I don't that we have any say on it what so ever, and that is because of the slate of electors.

In conclusion, I agree with what source two had to say because of the great points they made and the facts that led me to belive that the electoral college does not work at all. Read the sources and then tell me if you think i'm right or wrong.    