Driverless cars coming soon are they dangerous. Having driverless cars can be dangerous to both drivers and pedestrians. Manufactures could go under. Drivers would have to be alert at all times and the car would need to be quick on response to road conditions.

If we were to have driverless cars it would present a huge hazord not only to the sdrivers but to pedestrians walking. Can be harmful to drive if the breaks go out and the car wouldnt stop. Say that someone is driving down the road and they have an electrical problem. Well the person or persons in the car may not know about it until its too late and the car is on fire or spinning out of control. Can be harmful to pedestrians because the car could lose control and maybe hit them. Say if a little kids ball goes out into the middle of the street and a little kid runs after it how would the car know to stop. It wouldnt so in that case the kid would get hit and then whos faul;t would it be the divers or the person who made the car.

Having driverless cars would hurt manufactures because if they are too expensive then people wont buy them so they wouldnt be making money. If an accident was to occur who would be at fault. Some may argue the diver for buying such a car. Others may argue that the manufature didnt make it right and it needs better saftey features. If they get so many complaints then people stop buying them and then there bussiness wouldnt be making money so it would go under.

In the passage it states that it means that divers would have to remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. This is talking about when you have to go through work zones and or around accidents that the driverless cars dont know how to navigate thrtough such road conditions. IT states that the car would need to be quick enough to alert the driver and get his/her attetion. "What if the car isnt quick enough?". Then we come back to the situtaion about getting into accidents and who is to blame.

All in all having smart cars or driverless cars is a huge hazord and is very dangerous not only to the passengers but also to pedestians. Having such cars could put bussinesses and manufacturs under. We would be having the risk of something going worng all the time. 