Who doesn't have a car now days? It seems like everyone is dominated by these four wheeled creation of technology. On the other side, many places and countries in the world have decided to put a stop to the use of cars. This idea of giving up their cars came with many advantages to everyone, some of this benefits are the following. When cars are used less or left completly unused, this helps stop pollution, people feel better, and it improves the economy of car users.

First of all, the most important advantage is that being car-free can stop pollution. One city that had to ban car use for a few days is Paris. Due to all the smug the action that they took is, as stated in the article titled "Paris bans driving due to smug", on monday motorists with even-numbered license plates had to leave their car at home and not use it or else they would get a fine of 22 euro, which is equivalent to 31 dollars. And the same thing had to be done for the odd-numbered plates the next day. As the article says "The smug cleared enough Monday for the ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday". This shows how much damage the cars cause in the air, in just a day there was a huge improvement in the amount of smug. It's a demonstration of how much we can help by just taking public transportation and leaving our cars for a while.

In addition, another benefit is that people feel better. The source called "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" has this quote that businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza said "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution". And it is true that cars can cause drivers a lot of stress, for example, the simple task of driving to work on the mornings can cause stress because we have to be constantly preocupied of not having an accident or even hitting a pedestrian. In Bogota this measurements has been taken really well by the community and it has worked just fine. Taking stress away is something we are always trying to do but we dont realize how simple it can be if we just used our cars less, they are a cause of this stress after all.

Another advantage is that it improves the economy of the car users. Based on my personal experience, my parents can spend over 80 dollars a week just in buying fuel for our car. Imagine all the money you can save if you didn't have to spend on fuel anymore! Another very expensive thing than comes with the use of cars is that, when it breaks, you're going to have to spend hundreds and even thousands of dollars on the repairs.

To conclude, there are so many benefits we can recieve by limiting our car usage. Three of those are the ones I talked about, it can stop pollution and smug, it can make people feel better, and it can improve our economy.                    