Venus is an intesresting planet that has been studied very little. Venus may be close to the Earth, but it is hard to discover more of the planet, because it has conditions that are different than on Earth. However, this doesn't mean that we should stop discovery. There may be challenges along the way, but scientists will have to find ways to overcome those challenges. It is safe for spaceships to travel, the advanced tecnology, and human curiosity.

Many people may think that since Venus has 97 percent carbon dioxide and tht its over 800 degrees that it's not safe for people to travel because those are extreme measures the human body can not take. However, NASA has a study that scientists will be able to use a vehicle that can hover above Venus. This keeps people safe and helps us discover more of Venus. Also the temperature from 30 miles a way would only be 170 degrees. Its still hot, but it would not be too hot for the human body to withstand. The air pressure would also be close to sea level. Overall, the conditions would not be comfortable, but the human body would be able to take it.

The advanced technology we have today also makes conditions safer to travel. The knowledge we have gained from technology is incredible. Tecnology makes it possible to make spaceships possible to travel to Venus. However, the conditions may be too much depending on who goes on the spaceship. Also when we look back on the old technology to see what worked and what didn't work. Using mechanical parts can help with the spaceship to withstand the heat. There are also many researchers that are working on making machines that can last long enough to find information about Venus.

Sooner or later human curiosity is going to get scientists to go to Venus, but they have to go up with safe equipment. Most of scientists discovery is because of human curiosity. That is why it's worth going up to Venus to get the answers human curiosity needs. The dangers and obstacles shouldn't stop scientists or people from discovering new things. Finding ways to overcome and expand our knowledge on what's out there is what we need to do. Using imaginiation and innovation to be able to discover new things is what is really imporatant.

Venus is a place that needs more discovery. There may be some dangers to discovery and challenges in the process, but that's made to be overcome. With all the progress scientists have made in discovery there is no reason to stop now or ever when discovering something new. What will help scientists get up there is the improved spaceships, the advancements made in tecnology, and the curioisty we have as humans.    