Smog, acid rain, high carbondioxide levles, all of these things are due to pollution. In many contries the leaders have put a ban towards cars. Paris France, Vauban Germany, Bogota Colombia, and even the United States of America have/are thinking about putting a ban on cars or other transporting objects. Their are many advantages to limiting car usage; limiting pollutians in the air, saving money, and having a healthier life style.

Cars can cost a pretty penny espically if their new, and many low/middle class family's have trouble keeping up with the bills that come with a car. Car payments alone can run up to $300 a month. Then theirs insurance, and if your car happends to need a change of oil, or breaks theirs another 200-300 dollar  payment. That's why people are starting to buy fewer and fewer cars each year. After the peek in 2005 car percheses have droped tramendiously, with less people deciding to get a license.

Not getting you license dosn't mean you cant get around, it just means that you have to find other means of transprotatin. Biking, walking, even riding on your skateboard can get you from point A to point B. Cars are bigining to become obsoliet, not being used in larg suberbs, or highly populated cities. People have started to walk to work and that has a large impact on health. With people having privet cars they dont feel the need to have phisical activity every day. This could be contrabuting to obeasity. With cars being out of mind people are starting to get exersize just by walking to work. Cars have also contrabuted to many deaths all over the world. With new technology comming out many drivers get distracted. Wether its talking on their phones, trying to pick up something thats' dropped in the back seat, or even trying to dig something out of your purse. Not all drivers are a fault tho, many other accidents happen because of padestrians not paying attention. These accidents could be prevented though, by just getting rid of the use of cars.

Passenger cars cause 12% of greenhouse gass admitions in europe, and up to 50% in some car-intensive areas in the Unites States. If we got rid of most privetly owned cars though, it world bring that pecentige down tramendously. In Paris the record high pollution finally had them pass a partial driving ban untill the thick smog cleard the city streets. congestion was down 60% in the streets of paris, and after 5 days of intensifying smog it had finally cleard.

Cars all over the world are slowly becoming less and less used. This could help the pollution, health and save money. these advantiges to getting rid of cars is going to become a topic thast we will talk alot about for ages, until cars become compleetly and totaly obsolite.             