There are many advantages today of limiting car usage. This accounts for car usage limits in Europe, United States, and many other places. Limiting car usage around the world isn't just good for society, but also for yourself. Limiting car usage helps to separate suburban life from over usage of autos. It's good for people to separate themselves from cars also because many people get stressed about their gas money, whether or not they will be late for something, and also because many people worry about their own driving, and may think they will injur somebody.

Reasons why limiting car usage has been discussed throughout many people and regions. Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe, and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States. There has been efforts in the past two decades to make cities more suitable for walking but it's basic percepts are being adopted around the world in attempts to make suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation. From the passage, David Goldberg, an official of Transportation for America, says, "All of our development since Wold War Two has been centered on the car, and that will have to change." Mr. Goldberg describes how everything pertaining to where places are built, how many roads built, and not enough sidewalks is because of the car being the center of everything, that people are not focusing on anything else.

Advantages of limiting car usage varies on different places. Some of these advantages include the ban of driving in Paris to help clear the air of the global city. Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France after five days of intensifying smug. In Bogota, Columbia the streets of this capital city, eerily devoid of traffic jams. Banning cars also cause less accidents around the world. Not using a car for one whole day limits stress on people and greatly lowers air pollution. Limiting the usage of cars in Bogota has also helped the construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths, the most of any Latin American city.

Limiting car usage in many places even for one day has put a good effect on society, people, and the world. Limiting car usage in Germany suburbs opens the streets for tourists on trolly's or just people who need to be to work on a certain time who cannot afford cars. It also reduces the air pollution by very much. From the passage Heidrun Walter said, "When i had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Opening the streets from cars allows isolation between suburban life and auto use. Greenhouse gas emissions will decrease by decline of car use which is good for the planet. Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals due to their high usage of diesal gas. Causing the decline of car usage will remove smog due to not as much diesal going into the air. In Bogota the Day Without Cars is held to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. The turnout was large, despite the gray clouds that dumped occasional rain showers on Bogota, Antanas Mockus, said, "The rain hasn't stopped people from participating." He also stated, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution.

In conclusion there's many ways to reduce air pollution. There's also many advantages to banning usage of cars. Not only are people stress free and feeling good, but air-pollution decreases and Greenhouse gas emissions stop.     