Over the course of time, NASA has developed the technology that is capable of taking pictures of landforms found on other planets. Recently, NASA unveiled an image of a landform on Mars that looks like a human face. Some people believe that it a real face of an alien and make conspiracy theories about the face and spread it throughout the public. Even though that the "face on Mars" is just a rock landform shaped like a human face.

Firstly, humans would not be able to survive on Mars. The gases and lack of oxygen would kill them. The reality is that the picture is an actual human or alien face is just made up by conspiracy theorists . NASA has revealed this to the public so that they could some attention to mars."The authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars (3).They just wanted conspiracy theorist to make people think that there was some sort of ancient civilization on Mars or some kind of aliens. Which was proven not to exist.

After NASA getting all attention on Mars from the "Face on Mars" debate, they went back upto space to see if they could capture more photos. NASA was using high-tech cameras to prove their theory of seeing a human face. "MOC team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when then image first appeared on JPL website, revealing... a natrual landform(7)." The face is just a landform not an alien monument nor a human face.

Later on, after taking the pictures of the proven landform on Mars, the topic started to quite down. Some conspiracy theorist still spread their theories to the public. This is all how NASA researches foreign landforms on other planets. They take their camera satillites and capture a picture of the landform and continue to study it. NASA uses the knowledge they have about Earth to study the landforms on other planets. "It reminds me most of the Middle Buttle in the Snake River Plain of Idaho, say Garvin. That's a lava dome that takes place from an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars (12)." The process just starts all over again.

After looking at all the scientific knowlege, you can conclude that the "Face on Mars" is just a landform. NASA does this so that they can get public attention about their research, until the theory is proven wrong. It is just like any other buisness that wants publicity. Aliens are currently proven to not exist, so most people like to try to change that theory whenever they find a small peice,of what could be eveidence. Even though it is proven to be a landmass.