Cars have been noted to be a big contributor to being a big problem to the enviroment. They are also known from stealing money from other means of transportation. Since people can just use a car people neglect the other means of transportation such as taking a bus and things of that nature. The advantages of limiting car usage is that it is betters the enviroment. It also economically better for other transportation. This is why limiting car usage benefit the world and the enviroment as a whole.

One of the advantages of limiting the car usage is that it betters the enviroment as a whole. An example of this is that is in "In German Surburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" it states that "Cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe." This shows how cars have been a big contributor to being a big problem  to the enviroment. Also as well in the article "In German Suburb , Life Goes On Without Cars" it states that "...and up to 50 percent in some car-initentisive areas in the United States". This is one of the benefits of limiting car usage.

Along with this, another advantage to limiting car usage in general is that it  is economically better for other transportations. An example of this is, that in the city of Colombia called Bogota are doing fining of people one day a year on Tuesday for three years already and been getting good revenue out of it from other transportation(Selsky). This shows how limiting car usage contributed in a great way. This is  causing a change that could only be describe as revolutionary(Riera). This why it is advantageous to limit the car usage as much possible.

In conclusion, this why limiting car usage is advantageous. Since, it can help the enviroment. As well as economically benefit alternative transportations that may included one of the following buses,taxis, and transportation. This is why it is not only imperative but necessary, no a duty to human being alike to better  the enviroment and economy as a whole. Unless one wants the future generations to starve, and  not have clean air to breath  in future years.                                                                                                                