Driverless cars have many good thing going for them, but there need to be a line drawn when it come to the safety of our family and friends. Google's effort's to make a driverless car is very interesting, but we need more time to explore the field before it is available to the public. The article states that their are waiting on the law, manufacturing, and the technology/safety for everyone to create a driverless car. We must wait for all of these thing to be finalized before it is in the hands of the public.

The article states that it is "Waiting on the Law" to make sure there is liabilty in the case there is an accident with this robot-like car. This is going to raise all kinds of problem involving the manufacturer and the driver. The best way to control these types of problems from occuring is to just stopping the idea of driverless cars. Although, we cannot stop the idea of driverless car we can control who gets to use them. I think the the traffic law is just the beginning of new laws involving driverless car. The only thing that is needed is time and time is what they should be getting.

The manufacturating process in driverless car is very new. This comes from the beginning of the article when "Google has had cars that could drive independently under conditions since 2009." Well it is 2016 and there are still laws (specific conditions) that needed to be in place and the manufacturating is can still be updated before it is release to the public. Also there are not yet completely driverless car. The company incharge of driverless car should go the completely mile instead of stop half way. The manufactoring still needs to make the car safe for people to driver in. The new sensors for the car were able to become more advance in a decade. The sensors could be more advance if we wait and the laws for the car will be ready by then.

The most part of not have driverless car and waiting is to increase our safety. We need more time for the technology to beccome advance. Our safety is more important and robot car can be flawed. There should not be any problems with the car when it is released to the public. A robot-like car needs more time to be reviewed by the government and other assoications. Safety for our family and friends is more important.

The idea of driverless car is interesting, but there are still some unanswerable questions that needed to be answered before there are in the publics hands. The time for the driverless car is in the future, but the only stopping them from being released is the laws.    