Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I think that students will benefit more from distance learning than from going to school. Not everyone agrees that going school is for them. Distance learning is gives a better chance to learn all your education.

Here are a couple reasons why I support the idea of distance learning.

First, reason why I think that distance learning is more beneficial to you is because you can manage your time better with class work and classes. You have the opportunity to work on your own schedule. Separate the classes throughout the day instead of all bunched up at once. More time for you to focus on either classes you kind of struggle with or classes most important. All work does not have to have a due date or time limit. You can take your time to understand the material at hand and do all your work when capable.

Secondly, the more comfortable the environment the better you work. Schools environment isn't so good for students, sometimes we sit in classes where its hard to learn. Hard to learn because a lot of kids do not take there work serious, stay off task, and distract others from learning. That harms the learning environment makes kids get a little frustrated at times with there work. Its not easy to do your work while not being able to concentrate correctly and being distracted. When you are in a comfortable environment, work is not so complicated. You can relax, think straight, and focus on the task at hand with no problems. Being able to attend class from home keeps you away from the bad environment.

Last but not least, the safety of the students is always important. While in school kids can be harmed in different type of ways. Some get bullied others get into altercations. This is hard to stay away from because you are in school and it surrounds you. This can definitely throw off a student and get them off track. When kids start to think about many other problems instead of there school work it is not good. Attending your classes at home, online, or through video conference is the safest way to attend. You wouldnt have to worry about the school drama or the bullies. Your mind will be strictly focused on the work you have to do and nothing less.

In conclusion, the idea of students attending classes from home, video conference, or online. Is most beneficial because of there safety, work environment, and schedule. I agree with my reasoning and support them to the max because distance learning is the best way to learn. Your student should give distance learning a chance its worth it. 