In my opinion I feel students should be allowed to have phones in school. even though it could be a negative thing it could also be a positive thing. The positive thing is that if you bring a phone to school you can call your parents and tell them about school clubs and things like that. You could also find out if there is things after school from friends. I feel students should be allowed to carry phones because what if you don't see your friends during the day but you have to get in touch with them. Well that's why we have phones to, to get in touch with other people.

The other reason I feel we should be able to carry cell phones in school is because school is supposed to enforce what we're going to do later on in life. Well later on in life we are allowed to carry cell phones around work, and even college so why not now? Although I feel very strongly about being able to carry phones around school, I do agree with the statement that they should be turned off during class. Not only are they going to distract you and your work but they could also distract other people. What about the other person you are texting? you think they're getting proper education they need. Probably not. Cell phones are a distraction out of school why would they be any better in. I guess you can say im pretty torn about the situation because on one hand I feel cell phones could be positive and could enhance the working field later on life but on the other hand I feel they are a huge distraction. Not only are they a huge distraction but texting 24/7 is not healthy. It can hurt your neck, wrists, and give you problems later on in life.

Being a teenager myself I know how it feels to love to text I've been there before but I also know that cell phones can get you in trouble and are distracting. Also what if you get a really sad text then what happens to the rest of your day that is probably the thing that frustrates me the most, when i get a sad or annoying text it can ruin your whole day, and what about when your in class waiting for a text and you miss important material. I do text while doing homework so maybe me personally wouldn't be as distracted as someone who loses concentration easily. I personally feel kids in middle school should NOT be allowed to carry cell phones but kids in high school why not? Its not that bad. Especially if your mature enough to turn it off during class. So my final statement about the issue is try it . If too many kids are starting to decrease in grades and too many are not behaving with them then end it. With freedom comes responsibility. If your not responsible you shouldn't have the freedom right? So that is my final statement. Give it a try. Maybe it will benefit the school.