Summer projects should be teacher designed. And for a multitude of reasons. But a couple of these reasons are Student designed projects wouldn't be challenging at all because they'd make them for their own conveinience if they'd even design one, and also the teachers know what is going to be taught in the future for the class so they can accurately design the project to cater to that, and the students can't.

I'm a student and I know if I was ever given the opportunity to design my own summer project I'd try to make it as easy possible, and I know many of my fellow classmates would try to do the same. It's just how teenagers think matter of fact it's how most people think. If you can design your own work for yourself why make it harder for yourself that's just simple logic. In class students often say things like " If I was in charge there'd be no school" or " If I could make the test I would make evry question 1 + 1". Comments like these that I hear everyday in class are exactly why students can't be responsible for making they're own assignments, because they won't learn. Some of my friends are always looking for the easy way out of things and I presume that their are other kids out there like them so them designing their own work wouldn't work. I feel that kids should think this way simply becaus we're kids and this is how our brain works. This is a very important reason for why kids can't can't design summer projects it wouldn't make tham any smarter because they'd be designing the projects to their own convenience.

Teachers know what they are going to teach in that year the lesson plan for the entire year is provided to them by the state. The student's do not, they're there to learn and to learn only. So the idea that the students would design a project is absolutely ludacris! Why would they do what their parents pay the teachers to do through tax money? If the students made the projects the projects wouldn't help them at all because they'd have no idea what they'd be learning and the idea that they'd know what their learning because they're in that class gets thrown out the window because its a summer project, only the teacher knows what's taught in that upcoming year. I think students should focus on learning and teachers should focus on teaching their shouldn't be any sort of role reversal because that just complicates things. Also teachers are their to teach the students it clearly states that in their job description. Having students design their own work just clearly sets them up to fail because they don't have the knowledge to know what knowledge they need to gain in order to be succesful.

On the other hand I can see how people could have an argument for why kids designing their own summer projects could be a good thing. Students know what goes on in their minds and what certain work they need to address specific issues. Essentially they know themselves better than teachers do, and them designing their own project could cater to their specific needs and problems. Also a few of my friends have told me that when their teacher lets them design their own projects and assignments they feel like they know and understand the material better. In addition studets designing their own projects could mean less backlash for the schools incase parents get mad about summer projects being too hard, because the students in that school designed that project not the teachers.

In conclusion students should not design their own projects because if it were left up to them they wouldn't learn anything and the project wouldn't be serious, and students don't know what is being taught in the class so they don't have the capacity to create their own work. This shouldn't even be a real question because it's very obvious that students shouldn't be designing their own projects they are there to learn from the professional which is the teacher not try and be the professionals themselves.