When looking for advice its better to talk to multiple people. Talking to more than one person for advice can benefit you more . Getting advice from multiple people gives you a more opinionated and/or correct answer , which helps you make better decision. Only talking to one person for advice is less beneficial then talking to more than one person , because your most likely going to get better and smarter advice if you get advice from multiple people

Talking to more people gets you different advice from different people. You get peoples opinion ,

which you may or may not agree with . You also get different perspectives and you can combine those perspectives and opinions together for better advice. For example your best friend is very mad at you and you do everything to make them forgive you , but nothing works so you go to other friends for advice. They give you advice you have already tried so you go to your mom, and she gives great advice , but its not enough so you go to your dad who also has great advice. So you combine your mom and dads advice together and use it on your best friend it works and you guys get closer. Using multiple opinions, perspectives, and advice can help you make better choices as can combining them.

While you may want to get a lot of other peoples advice on something you may not agree with it. Everyone has their own beliefs , opinions , and ways of giving advice. So you may not like what everyone says but its best to listen because you never know if they can change your mind on how you think of something. You can learn a lot from other people and their thoughts which benefits and improves your thinking on things. This improves your decision making and thinking for future problems. You should always listen to others opinions and thoughts because you can learn from them.

Getting only one persons thought on things isn't as beneficial as multiple opinions on something. When you hear other peoples opinions and advice you may use it to use on your own problems. Other opinions and thoughts you may not agree with can also benefit you in a way , because your listening to other thoughts different from yours. Expanding your knowledge and thinking smarter when solving problems , because when you put two ideas together it helps you make better choices.     