Dear Principal,

Changing the policy to having a grade B average to participate in sports or other activities is unfair. Many students may not be able to make a B average.

Sports and other activities give many students only a little time left to finish their homework and to study for test. If the policy changes then students will have to cram everything and have no time for anything else. Their lives would consist of only the sport and schoolwork. This would be highly bad for their health and could possibly make them feel angry and frustrated.

Another reason is that changing the policy could make a lot of people not be able to participate which will also hurt the team or group. If an important player could not make the game just because of getting something under a B average it would hurt the team and the outcome of the game. No school wants to lose every game.

A grade B average would also be to close of a call. If someone got a 79.4 that would average to a 79 which is only one point away. If someone was that close it would be unfair to him or her. A grade C average is reasonable because a C is technically passing, and it would allow students a better chance. Changing to a B average is to high of standards for someone who is so busy.

Also some people are just bad at schoolwork and can only manage a barely passing grade. Those people should not be excluded from anything just because they are not able to process information as well as some others.

Extra activities and sports are an important part in many students lives. It keeps students active and allows them to socialize with friends. If they were not allowed to participate because of a passing average (above 70) it could be devastating to them. For many people, they rely on sports to get them to college, and to get scholarships.

For some people sports help them lose their frustration and relax. Kind of like a cruise to get away from the world and to just concentrate on having fun.

Even though having good grades are important so is having fun and getting active. Changing the policy to a grade B average to be allowed to participate in sports of other activities is a horrible idea. Active activities should be encouraged not took away.            