Alarm goes off at 7:00 and it's time to get ready for school. I'll be there for the next 7 hours of my day, being lectured and taught new things every block. In my head I think to myself, I wish I was at home right now. Although staying home from school can sometimes be a luxury, the importance of face-to-face learning is promonate.

Being present in class everyday is more beneficial then home bound learning. By showing up to class, I have the opportunity to ask more questions and recieve help easier and quicker than it would be if I was at home. For most, we finish school and have a job to attend. Waking up and going to school everyday, prepares us to continue this in our careers later in life. If the habit of not going to school carrys into work, the danger of losing that position is great. Without going ot school, there would be no preperation for what's to come in the future. Showing up to school and trying your hardest is the best thing you can do to set up the rest of one's life.

Not only does being in school prepare you for later, it also impacts the level of motivation. School and workload inspires motivation and creativity. As I listen to my teacher, I go through my head and figure out what needs to be done in class today inorder to achieve my goals. In school, I have the space to think openly without having other thoughts run through my head. Studies have shown that when someone does work in their bedroom, their brain doesn't allow their work to be their best work because it associates the room with sleep and relaxation; where as, the brain associates school with learning and growth. When working at home, I get the feeling that what I'm doing can wait and there is no rush to have it done. Procrastination later leads to being stressed over something that you could've prevented.

Working at home not only creates stress, but can also lead to depression. School gives students a social outlet as well as the learning prospective. Studies prove that being isolated in one room for a long period of time can affect mental health. If someone were to do school from home for their entire life, their mental health could be impacted because they do nothing but sit and work and later realx and sleep but in the same area the work was being done. By going to school, students get to learn through experience as well as lectures. Making friends and relationships can teach someone more than what a textbook can teach.

Having provided help and learning from peers, school can help someone grow and experience things that can positivley effect them for the rest of their lives. School is important in growing up and being a part of activities with peers can help one exceed their goals and possibilities.         