My position on driverless cars is that they should not be apart of our future because of the negative aspects they bring. With these cars there may be a couple of positive things such as being more flexible then buses, but the negative side wins. In order for us to have driverless cars we are going to have to spend some serious money. As well as spendng all this money we don't even know if these cars are safe enough. Finally, is a driverless car if a human still has to be able to take control?

First of all, none of the tax payers are going to want to pay for these smart roads like talked about in the article. In the late 1950s they tested a car to run on a special test track, and although it worked it had a lot of expencive moving parts. Another question we have to answer is are these cars safe? Google says their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, yet it still has trouble pulling in and out of driveways. That's not the only thing either they also has a diffuclt time dealing with complicated traffic issues.

Finally, why would you want a driverless car if you still have to driver the care? They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but the human needs to stay alert the whole in-case the road ahead needs the human to navigate through work zones and around accidents. Although it lets you know when they need you to take the wheel, it watches make sure you sre always paying attention. And when the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver. In the case of the driver wouldn't they just get bored waiting on their turn to drive the car.

People can keep designing cars that are "driverless" but until they can do everything a human can do they aren't driverless. They would also have to get states to make it legal to test computer-driven cars, let alone be able to sell them to people in their states. The laws would have to change in order to cover liability in case of an accident. Like stated in the article if the technology fails and someone is injured then who's fault is it the driver or the manufacturer?