Advice has been used for thousands of years but, we can never settle for one answer, why is that? many people couldn't base their answer on what one person thinks in order to form a more perfect choice. Think about it, how many times have you ordered something online and read the reviews? And how many times did you read more than one of those reviews? Because you want to get the best deal you get the advice from more than one person. It would be impossible to function otherwise, you wouldn't get many products online, a lot of food that people convinced you to eat, you wouldn't have eaten and, hobbies such as drawing and skating would be completely off the table without you forming that intrest on your own. And that doesn't happen offen, when was the last time you got a hobby without watching youtube first, or talking to friends or family. And even when you form that intrest, do you only ask one person? The point of asking more than one person is to create better desicions based on what they say, then, you can take one idea from one person and combine it with your ideas and other peoples ideas and make the best choice. This especially comes out when making life changing choices like medication changes or buying a new house. Wouldn't it be irresponsible to buy a house without consulting your wife, mom, or even your kids? big choices like that have to be talked about with other people, like friends and family. Because if they're not then the choice may be bad or unneccesary.

In conclusion,

multi-person advice is neccesary to bring new ideas into the world, and help calm you when you need to make a big decision. Without them so many people wouldn't know they loved activities, I love art and skating, but I wouldn't have known that without consulting friends, family and the internet first. The advice of others is what leads our country and many others in the right direction. For example congress helps to give advice to the judicial and executive branches. Finally, in the real conclusion, the reason multi-person advice is so important, is so that we can make choices and have a higher chance of succeeding.