Many students get confused and bored during class. It may be the lesson, but it could also be the teacher and how the teacher is explaining the lesson. With Facial Action Coding System, computers will be able to detect when a student is slowly becoming confused or bored. The software is the latest innovation from Prof. Thomas Huang, of the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science at the University of Illinoise, working in collaboratio with Prof. Nicu Sebe of the University of Amsterdam. Dr. Huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. There are a million reasons to use the Facial Action Coding system and class is one of them.

In class, there are many different types of students. Some students might understand a lesson very easily and quickly. Although, there are plenty other types of students. One type of student that there is is the student that might have trouble comprehending a lesson. There are also students that have trouble paying attention to the teacher or lesson. Another type of student is the one that gets bored easily. When a student is bored, it may be hard for he or she to completely comprehend the lesson that is being taught at the moment.

The program "Facial Action Coding System", enables the computers to identify human emotions. The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face. This software then allows the teachers to know when the student does not understand, or what part of the lesson is the student confused on. This program can help by letting the teacher know when the student is struggling to understand what is being taught so then the teacher can make a few adjustments to the lesson.

In school, there are students that can get bored easily. The program, "Facial Action Coding System", can also detect when a student is getting bored. Students who are bored may have a more difficult time listening or understanding the lesson. If there is a part in the lesson where the student is beginning to feel bored the computer will be able to tell. Now that the teacher knows that the student (or students) are bored, he or she can be able to go back to the lesson and try to make it more enjoyable.

Even with all these benefits, there are also some flaws to the idea of having this program on the computers. Having Facial Action Coding System can be expensive to have. There are a lot of computers in a few schools. Having many computers can lead to having to spend a lot of money in order to have this program in the computer. Some schools will not be able to afford the Facial Action Coding System.

Another flaw to this idea is how students act. Some students will be able to take this program seriously, other students may be childish about it. The students that are childish about it can end up making fake facial reactions. The students will make bored or confused facial expressions to give the teacher a hard time with the lesson. There are also the students that are always bored. No matter what the teacher does to improve the lesson, the student will always be bored. Although, that is not always the case with students. Another problem that students may come across is the teacher. The teacher may not want to change or improve the lesson for the students because he or she believes it should stay like that.

Through all those negatives, there are still positives to this program. The Facial Action Coding System program can help out students that are struggling. Not every student is the same, and not every student may need the same help other students do. Facial Action Coding System can be very help if people use it correctly.    