A new source of technology haas been invented that has the power to enable computers to indentify human emotions. This is called the Facial Action Coding System. The first step of the computer is to construct a 3-D computer model of the persons face. This includes all 44 muscles on a human's face as well. They must move exactly as if they were human muscles for the experiment to work. Six emotions have been classified by the model that are the most common expressions of a person in their daily life. These would be happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. These are all also associated with each and every movement of the facial muscles. The new created technology seems to be valuable to the people that use it today and specifically would have a value for students in a classroom.

The Facial Action Coding System uses video imagery to track facial movements with the new emotion-recognition software created in the system. It weighs every unit and can identify mixed emotions. Each expression is compared to a face that show no emotion also clled a neutral face. Dr Huang commented in the artile "Making Mona Lisa Smile" that he believes " A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,". This could be a great use to teachers in their classrooms so they know what to explain more on and for which student. As a student, I can assure anyone that the worst thing at school in a class is when you can't understand something. When a student is completely confused, they can loose intrest and also motivation to comprhend what's going in in class. Dr Huang also added that "it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor,".

This new technology comes with many benifits and advatages for all people of different ages. The Facial Action Coding System is valuable for students and teachers at school during the day. It will help kids be more proactive and motivated in class knowing that if they don't undertsnad something that help from this system will always be there. It's intresting to see all the new inventions and ideas that continue to be created as years go by to benefit human life and the rest of the world. This is an idea that people need to take advatage of and use at school. For this system to be able to read the expressions of sudents in class will communicate to teachers that a student is in need of more attention than others. The help of the Facial Action Coding System could possibly change the life a kid in class and help shape him into a successful hard worker of today's society.        