Multiple students participate in extracurricular activities, but not all of them are involved in these activities. I agree that every student must be involved in an extracurricular activity. Participating in an activity would keep students out of trouble, help them make friends, and learn form the activity.

Having students participate in extracurricular activities would keep some students out of trouble. For instance, the student might get into trouble when they are home. However, the activities would keep them occupied until their parents get home. The decision would give the students a chance to not get into trouble anymore. Ultimately, the extracurricular activity would be great for the trouble makers.

I have many close friends that I have made during extracurricular activities. I can talk to them about anything because I have grown close to them through extracurricular activities. I wish that I would have participated in activities sooner so that I could have had my close friends for a longer amount of time. With this decision, other students would have the chance to get to know each other and make friends, too. Having friends that enjoy doing the dame activities and being excited to do them with each other are a few reasons why I agree with this decision.

This decision can also present a learning experience for the students. There are so many extracurricular activities that they can choose and learn from. For example, a student might want to participate in volleyball. That student would have to learn how to play volleyball and learn all of the rules that are in volleyball. Another student might want to serve on the student council. They would have to learn the positions and the rules for that activity. All in all, students will learn from anything and everything in the extracurricular activity that they choose.

All students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. This activity would keep the student out of trouble. During the activities, friendships will be made that will stick with the students throughout their lives. The students will learn an abundant amount of information, and they will want to learn more. Some students might look at this decision as just another thing on their schedules, but most of them will look at it as a chance to try something new and have fun while doing it.