If schools offered online classes regularly to students, I believe many students scores will begin to jump off the charts. I have friends and family who have taken online classes, they all scored well and loved completing assignments in their beds. Some students may like going to in school classes, but this is not the case fore everyone. Students would love to do a project at home in their pajamas, it's a lot more relaxing. Although some may disagree, attending class from home could truly be beneficial.

As a student, if you were to attend class from home, this could be helpful in many ways. If you were completing your work in your living room, you would be learning in your own environment. For example, every class has one kid that is very loud. Loud learning environments can make it hard to focus; furthermore, can cause test scores to decrease. Also, if you have class and you are sitting right next to your best friend, you're not going to get much work done. While attempting to work with friends, you may begin to joke around and slack off. So, being at home can help you focus on completing your task individually. In some cases, a few students need to learn at their own pace. If a teacher is speeding through the lesson plan, it can be very hard to comprehend the information. Sometimes students need to go over it a few times to fully understand the lesson. Although, if the lesson was online, you could go over it as many times as you need to. Sometimes, students learn better individually. They possibly could learn better while working without teachers, parents, or friends. If a student was having trouble making friends at school, it wouldnt be right to force him or her to work with a group of unfamiliar faces. Also, students could like to challenge there selves by not getting any help. When they complete the task individually , the students could feel as if they accomplished something. Which may give them a boost of confidence while working.

There are a few more ways on how attending online classes can be beneficial. It can be a hassle trying to complete a project within a span of a hour and a half. Being able to work on your project throughout different times of the day will be more relaxing and give your brain a break. Sometimes, in school having a lot of work to complete in a short time period can just be tiring and hard on students.

While completing assignments sometimes your teacher does not explain it in the best ways. Taking classes online will make you available to receive help from multiple sources. For example, my mother has two degrees in math. So, if there is a new concept that i don't understand, she would be the best person to explain it to me. Also, my grandma taught biology for over 30 years, so she also could share her knowledge with me to help me understand. One of the most important reasons, it is tough to learn on a empty stomach. Certain classes in schools will not let you eat , like a science lab or computer lab. It's very tough to focus on a test if you have not eaten since breakfast and you have the last lunch of the day. During the test, you are only thinking about what you have packed for lunch. Taking online classes can fix this, you can eat all day whenever and wherever you would like.

Although some may disagree, attending class from home could truly be more beneficial. Online classes could improve scores by students being allowed to learn in their own environment, learn at there own pace, learn individually, complete work at different times throughout the day, have different sources of help,and being able to eat while learning. Students may like attending in school classes, but online classes would be a lot better. Overall, letting the students choose they way they want to learn will be the key to success, so online classes should be offered for any student who would like to request it.