Driverless cars can be a tremendous change to how our society functions.

I am for driverless cars in our future.

Driverless cars have so much potential and can be a key to saving and helping many lives.

Driverless cars will not be a fad that will fade out, but instead be a staple of society.

First, driverless cars have a lot of potential in our society today.

Everyday there are constantly people working on how to improve technology in our society, which in turn can be used to further improve driverless cars.

I personally do not think that they will be taxis, but instead still be used for personal trasnportation.

There should be someway, however, that you can switch between driving and having a driverless car, much like autopilot on a plane.

Second, driverless cars can save many mortorist lives.

Every day, many people die from fatal car crashes.

Since the invention of anti-lock brakes and other inventions, the numbers have reduced but are still high.

With driverless cars, people can be safe from disctrations that would normally distract somebody while driving, like a cellphone.

The person would now be free to do what they would like.

Driverless cars could also help reduce the numbers of drunk driving accidents or falling asleep at the wheel.

Instead of swerving and being an inconsistant driver, the car would safely guide the person home or to their destination.

Third, driverless cars can be a key to helping many peoples lives.

It could be a key to help people with disabilities get to different places to get their medicine or recieve help.

This would be a burdon lifted off of the caretaker's thoughts.

The driverless cars would also be there to provide a great way for people that need assitance get reliable assistance.

The cars would be there to provide a reliable source of transportation to those who would have to wait and form their schedule based on someone else's schedule.

Lastly, driverless cars will not be a fad in our society, but be a staple and guideline in our society.

Driverless cars can help lower the rate of accidents and possibly elimante them.

They also have the possibilty of changing a person with disabilities life.

Both of these reasons are why we should have driverless cars.

They can help change the way and the world that we live in for the better.            