In times of distress and need, people often seek advice from others, but sometimes having only one opinion is not good enough for us. On the other hand, a multitude of opinions can provide many benefits towards us. For example, have a multitude of opinions is almost always the safer option. Having only one opinion means your placing everything on the line that it is correct, however, with a variety of opinions you have all the time you need to decided which one you will side with.

When seeking multiple opinions, you can find the opinion that is just right for you. With a larger group to consult with there is a bigger chance that you will find the opinion that perfectly suits your needs. Personally, this has always worked for me because being surrounded by peers sets me to a ease of mind, where I can clearly think and communicate. Also, there is close to no chance that you will feel pressured into any opinion, it is quite the opposite of that, you may feel overwhelmed or flooded.

Another reason why having multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is that you can be assured that you are correct. With many different people all giving you opinions, it wont be hard to find someone with an idea similar to yours. You will feel that you fit in more, as people agree with your original idea, they can also help modify it to perfection. This will lead to a boost in self confidence, less hesitation, and won't start a reliance on peers. Great friendships can easily start, and they usually do, from people relating to each others ideas/beliefs. This usually works for me as I situate myself around people who think close to me.

A final reason is that you will have the benefit of peer review upon your decision. This is a great way to have your work evaluated to perfect your choice. Peer review is a beneficial tool that can be used in almost all decision making. Peer review can also help boost self confidence within someone, as you can be more certain about your choice if others agree with it. For example, before I ever turn in anything, I always consult with multiple peers in order to perfect my assignment. Peer review can positively change your decision to benefit you in a great way.

To summarize, I believe seeking multiple opinions about a single issue is a better idea then seeking only one. I think this because of the many benefits that come along with it. These include having a wide variety of opinions to choose from, not feeling pressured into anything, being assured you are correct, and peer review. Together these will provide you with a good decision to almost any issue.