Students look forward to summer time in order to relieve the stress of the school year.

Many students enjoy the summer break between transitioning into a new grade, however students dread the summer project that comes along with the break. Students are assigned summer assignments that are designed by teachers to keep students minds working, however it serves no purpose to students in their daily life. Consequently, students are forced to do summer projects that are irrelevant and do little to teach them anything. Summer projects should be student designed because students are able to express creativity, teachers are able to learn about their students' preferences, and students are more likely to complete the project.

Summer projects should be student designed because students are able to express creativity. For example, when my brother was assigned an open ended science project, he decided to build an exploding volcano with fossils hidden inside. He was not a fan of book work, and he had felt his teacher had finally given the students a chance to make something exciting that would surprise the whole school. As evidenced by the example, my brother wanted to show his creative side and give his classmates an interesting show that would excite the class about science. By the teacher letting him design his own project he was able to come up with an idea that would excite people and a display others would enjoy watching. When students are given the chance to be creative in school they take the opportunity because they want to associate school subjects with fun and show off their creative skills.

Secondly, summer projects should be student designed because teachers are able to learn about their students' preferences. For example, if a student designs a project on how height affects a persons ability to play basketball the teacher is now aware that student has an interest in basketball.

By allowing students to design their own project the teacher is able to learn about each students likes and dislikes and what they are interested in. This in turn allows the teacher to make lessons more relevant to what the students prefer and allows the students to connect the subjects to their interests. Teachers are also seen as friends to the students because the teacher expresses interest in the students lives. This also promotes high grades in the class and students are able to have a good connection and relationship with the teacher. By allowing students to design their own summer projects it could lead the teacher forming healthy relationships with students to promote a healthy learning environment.

Lastly, summer project should be student designed because students are more likely to complete the project. For example, my friend was assigned a history time line by one of her teachers and decided she was not going to do it, however her English teacher told them to create a project on any book of her choice and she finished it all in one day. As evidenced by this example, students are more driven to complete a task when it is a task of their choice and everything is determined on their terms. Students are rarely ever given an option on how to complete a project, so when given a chance to have complete control over how they do an assignment they jump at the opportunity because for once they are able to determine and decide what they want to do without the guidelines of anyone else. Additionally, students are able to convey their ideas across in their own way which makes them happy because they only have to answer to themselves and everything is done their way. Students choose not to complete work when other people assign it with stipulations, however when everything is their choice they have no problem completing a project because it becomes a way to express themselves.

Many people may say teachers get paid to create projects and assignments, however allowing students to design their own summer projects allows teachers to get to know students, students are more likely to complete the project, and allows students to be creative. It can be difficult to help promote learning over summer break, however by getting students engaged in the choice of projects it can be fun for the student and teacher. Students today are more creative than ever and it is important to help kids remain creative throughout their lives so new inventions and discoveries are made. School holds the foundation of the future and it is important to nurture the future leaders of the world. Students are the key to the future and innovation and it is crucial people let them have control and feel important. 