Do you feel that it is safe for someone to have their phone while driving? I believe that that there are reasons why you should and shouldn't be able to have your phone while driving. For example one of the reasons i believe that driving and being on your phone is dangerous is that many accidents can be caused. By that i mean when being on your phone you have no time to pay attention to the road. When driving your attention should be focused on the road at all times when looking down on your phone you can't tell who or what is coming at you, which is a easier way to cause you and or someone else to be injured.

Another reason i believe that it is dangerous for you to be on your phone and driving is because this is now another way to get arrested. By this i mean now if you're riding with your phone in sight the police is liable to arrest you. By doing this you're risking your freedom. Not only are you risking your freedom you're also putting others in harms way. By this i mean what if someone is walking in the cross walk and you happen to be on your phone and accidentally hit someone then not only is that more charges but that's also you injuring an innocent bystander.

There are also good reasons why you should be able to have your phone while driving. For example when going to a place and not knowing the directions your phone has a built in navigation system to help you get there. You don't always have to have your phone in your hand you can buy the stand where your phone can sit on that way you can see both your phone and the road.

So it isn't always bad having your phone while driving.

Another good reason to have your phone while driving is because what if there is an emergency and that is the only way someone can contact you, you don't have to hold your phone you can always get Bluetooth and or wireless headphones. By doing this you are preventing accidents from happening and your also preventing yourself and or anyone else from being in danger. Not only that but you are also able to focus on both the road and the situation that may be happening.

These are the reasons why i believe that having your phone while driving is both a good and bad thing. There are many more reasons why but these are my main three. By stating these i hope that people take caution while using there phones while driving. Now that reasons are listed i hope that people look out for themselves as well as others.         