The classroom has always been known as the main center of learning in school. Even today, many people believe that missing a day in class can set you back greatly. However, some schools are allowing their students to be able to take their classes from home so that students never has to be behind in school. I believe that students would greatly benefit from attending classes at home rather than in a classroom. Since it can be set at their own pace, allows those students that have a hard time focusing in class to always stay focus, and allows students to focus on their personal lives rather than being constantly at school.

People in life always have a different style or preference when doing things. Those things can be the way they eat, or sleep, or usually their daily routine. The same thing goes for students and learning. Students can be really fast at learning or some usually take longer than other to understand the material. Having those online classes allows students to set their own pace so they can have the necessary time needed to learn. Knowing that they can have time to learn, allows them to fully grasp the material and overall gets them good grades compared to struggling in class when you have trouble learning the material.

Online classes can also solve the problem for students that struggle to stay focus in class. Being in the classroom is extremely well since you can talk with the teacher one on on and can usually always ask for help. However, the classroom always brings disturbites that causes the student to have a hard time focusing. Whether its from friends, other people or themselves. Some students can never learn since they never have the chance to fully focus in class. Being home brings a relax feeling and can allow students to focus on work rather than at school. Compared to classrooms, some students work better at home then at school which also applies to adults that feel they do better working at home than at their job.

One thing online classes do help students with, is the chance for them to focus on their personal lives. Students are usually stuck at school the whole day and are expected to do different activities once school ends to help them prepare for the future. However, some students dont have the chance to do those things. Some of those students either have to constantly help their family or sometimes have to help their selves in life so they can keep going to school. Whatever the case may be, those situations can cause them to miss a lot of school causing them to be extremely behind the rest of their class. Online classes can help those students be caught up and allows them to be prepared and ready, the next time they can go to class. Without online classes, those students never have the chance to learn and decide what they want to do in their future. Resulting in lost potential and students that have to constantly struggle in school.

Schools today need online classes if they can provided them. Many students are struggling in class either from having a hard time focusing or not being able to understand the material fast enough. In a world of technology, attending class online works for parents that want their kids to succeed but are not able to have their kids go to school constantly because of their personal lives. If schools want all their students to succeed, then allowing their students to attend class from home should be one of their top priority's and should be available for students no matter the reason or situation they are in.