The blinking lights glared at the dark oak table, reflecting off the recently polished wood. Green fabric laid on the table, freshly glued on. Red and black cards stood at the edges, ready to attack. All around, slot machines went off.

Ka-ching

! 3 near jackpots, but none getting the big prize. Leather wallets wore nothing except worn-down receipts and old gum wrappers, the green cash flying away ages ago. At a table, a man named Generic_Name sat down. He only had 100 dollars left in his wallet. Earlier, in a fit of rage, he ran to the casino, thinking of all the money he would earn. Only thinking of the jackpot, he started playing blackjack. Generic_Name pushed in half of his earnings. The dealer passed him his 2 cards. A 7 of clubs and an 8 of diamonds. 15. "Hit," he said. The dealer passed him one more card. A king of hearts. Generic_Name groaned in frustration, slamming his hand against the table. He yelled, "Again! Again!" He pushed in the rest of his money, eyes burning with rage. The dealer passed him 2 new cards, a 5 of hearts and a 9 of hearts. 14. "Hit!" the man yelled angrily. The dealer passed him a king of diamonds. "Tough luck," the dealer said. Generic_Name dropped his cards on the table and stormed off. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it allows them to see multiple views, lets them know the benefits and downsides, and allows them to see the different outcomes.

First, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it allows them to see multiple views. Imagine a couple fighting about money spending. The husband yells, "You always spend hundreds of dollars every week for no reason!" The wife, too scared to say anything, runs upstairs. In reality, the wife used the money for a local food bank, but she was too scared that the husband would be mad at her. These fights happen everyday, and if someone knew their opponent's view in a fight, then tons of fights could've been prevented. When you are struggling with a decision, you can usually only see your side. If you ask another person, they can tell you what is really happening and not just your perspective.

Next, seeking multiple opinions can also help someone make a better choice because it lets them see the benefits and downsides. Imagine a graduate fresh out of high school, trying to make a decision about where they will go to college and what they will do in life. He knows that surgeons make a crazy amount of money, so he decides to go into surgery without knowing anything about it. He doesn't know that college is crazy expensive, or that he has to go to school for 12 years, or that surgery is not an easy job. All he can think about is the money he thinks he will earn. Odds are, he will give up before he reaches the end. When you come across a decision, you usually only see the benefits of a choice. If you ask other people, then they can let you see the downsides of the choice you were going to make and the benefits of other choices.

Finally, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it allows them to see all of the outcomes. Imagine a high school football player that can't decide whether or not he should play another season of football. If he plays another season, then he will get to do something he loves and he will get good grades. If he doesn't play then he won't be able to do what he loves but he would still get good grades. In reality, he would only get good grades if he stopped playing. When faced with a choice on your own, your own opinions cloud your judgment. It makes you think that if you choose a specific choice, then something else will happen. It doesn't always work that way, and other people can help you see that.

Generic_Name sat down at the table in his dining room, a grin resting on his face. On the table laid plates and bowls of different sizes and colors. On each different bowl lay a different soup or salad. On one there was a salad that looked like it had captured the rainbow, and on another there was a salad with lettuce that was the deepest green he had ever seen. Sandwiches stood on every plate, all changing in variety. On a blue plate there was a sandwich with the ripest cheese and on another there was brown ham that was charred just enough at the edges. It all looked like a food commercial with rows and rows of food. "Kids, get down here! Dinner is ready!" Generic_Name shouted. Upstairs you could hear bubbly laughter coming from Generic_Name's two children. His kids rushed downstairs, and Generic_Name's wife came up behind him and put a hand on his shoulder. "I'm so proud of you," she said. The kids got to the dining room and their mouths were wide in shock. "You made us a feast, Dad!" one of them said. Generic_Name nodded in response. "Yes, yes I did." It had been over 3 years since Generic_Name had last gambled. He had gotten care from his family and he had realized that gambling rarely had benefits, its outcome was usually negative, and that everyone around him was hurting because of it. In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it allows them to see multiple views, lets them know the benefits and downsides, and lets them see the different outcomes.