A few months ago, I had a simple, yet an impactful decision to make. I either hung out with some friends, or studied for a big geometry test. Obviously, I decided to hang out with my friends. I ended up failing the test. Had I of decided to seek multiple opinions, I probably would have studied, and passed. In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.

Getting just one opinion is typically not extremely helpful. By asking just one person's thoughts, it is likely that they can choose the worst possible choice. However, you would not even know since you did not bother to discover how other people feel on that certain topic. Had you asked another person, they could have shown you the best conclusive option.

Another reason seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, is that it can help you truly figure out how you feel about a specific topic. For example, I was at a restaurant with my family. However, I could not decide what I desired to eat. I gave my parents my two favorite options: the pasta or a hamburger. They ended up saying I should get the pasta, but I did not stop there. In addition to asking my parents, I decided to ask the waiter when he came to receive our order. I asked if I should get the pasta, or a hamburger. He suggested the pasta. For some reason, that enabled me to clearly see I did not want the pasta, but instead the hamburger. Having others opinions helped me see that a hamburger was the best choice for me.

One may not realize it, but some people just have more wisdom retained compared to others. For example, asking your grandmother's opinion, according to statistics, will help you choose the right option eighty-eight percent of the time. Compare that to asking a toddler, who, typically are on average not fully potty trained until the age of two and a half. They have not even been a live for half of a decade. You will quite clearly get an answer with experience behind it from your grandmother, as opposed to a toddler.

Making decisions by yourself can be very difficult. That is why discovering other people's stances on topics can benefit you in choosing the better choice. Do not settle with one person's opinion. Take the effort to make the best choice, for it can impact many others, including you. Finally, I hope you have learned that you cannot just ask one person's opinion, for that may stray you on the wrong path, which you could be stuck on, for the rest of your life.