Many today are so concerned with driving safely. There are so many things that could go wrong while behind the wheel. But can having a machine drive you around that you have little control over be less hazardous? No doubt cars that have an automatic driving system will be less work to do on our part but is that really safe? Well, what is teh definition of being safe? Safe is what you feel when you are out of harms way. When you feel as though nothing can hurt you. Like there is absolutley anything that could even slightly put you inthe way of harm. But if your driving in general, do you think you are safe? No because anything could happen. So what makes you think that "driving" a self-automated car would make you feel much more safe? Would you not feel as if you are purposely putting yourself in the way of harm?

As many say we can not change the roads but we can change the cars and make them smarter, hence the name smart cars. These cars come with many sensors within and outside of the car, including a sensor on the roof. Not only are there sensors but there is also a camera near the rearview mirror. All of the technology put into the making of this car is sure to make you want to but it. Not only that but haveing the latest technology like this in your car will also make you feel safe. There are also laser beams that update a 3-D model of the car and what it is surrounded by. As much as there are many sensors in these cars to make it safe there are still some things that can go wrong.

There are some cons to this car as well as pros. For example, what if some of the sensors begin to malfunction? This can cause an accident in the case that you are not even aware that some or one of your cars sensors have stopped functioning correctly or just all together stopped working. But another big concern is who's fault will it be if some fancy technology in our smart cars malfunction and its begins to cause accidents? As much as we may feel safe, there is always a chance that something is not right.

But lets not look at all the bad, what about the good? Smart cars are created to steer, speed up and even brake with no help from a human. So does this car require any human assistance? Yes, but only when trying to get through construction areas and other accidents that may have occured. How will someone know when to take over? Well, the car can make the drivers seat vibrate, there willtouch sensors that will make sure that the driver stays focused even if they may not really be driving.

With this information we may ask ourselves: "Are smart cars really safe?" The answer is opinion based and we all decide for ourselves. We are all given the choice to put our lives in the path of death and we are all given the choice to remove any injurous obstacles from our paths. No one can make the decision for you. Before "driving" one of these "smart cars" many should look at the pros and the cons and do much research to determine wheather he or she believes that tehse cars are safe.