You don't attend school to instruct and educate yourself, you attend school to engage in subjects, activities, and to learn from unfamiliar and familiar experiences, provided to you by a well equip and trained instructor. Teachers are their to provided assignments that are challenging, engaging, and purposeful in helping you to advance and progress further in your academics. For the past two summers of high school, I have completed three Advance Placement assignments; overall, they've provided me with some structure and understanding of what i'll be learning throughout my courses, despite the long hours and reading that was sometimes boring. Although students have a greater understanding on what issues or topics will be interesting to engage in over the summer, teachers are experienced enough to know what topics would provided useful information. Summer projects should be teacher-designed, because, teachers are trained, experienced, and disciplined about what topics would be best for their students.

To become a teacher, you must attend multiple years of college and to learn and retain rigorous information that will advance them in their field of study. With this training, a teacher can formulate a project that would provide: guidelines, broad or narrow overview of the course,meaningful and useful information about the course; therefore, it is imperative that a well trained individual such as a teacher, to design summer projects for students. A teacher will apply their knowledge of the course they have obtained and, assign challenging and well suited subjects for their students to engage in over the summer. All of these factors contribute to a meaningful and effective summer project.

"The older you get, the wiser you are", a popular quote that depicts one of life's greatest principles, experience. Simply, a student has less experience than a teacher in a course, solely because, the teacher has learned much further in depth through higher education. Teachers have completed numerous assignments, projects, and activities to know what will bring a greater understanding from their summer project. It is important for students to be protected from mistakes and failed attempts that happened to instructors in the past, hence, teachers should design summer projects.

Although students are creative and strive to do their best, sometimes, they focus and complain about the difficulty and objective of the assignment rather than, facing challenging and rigorous assignments that are needed to comprehend the course. Overall, students lack the discipline needed to self instruct the best fitted assignments that will help grasp an understanding on the course work. Moreover, it is a summer project and many students would not design a project that will be time consuming and challenging; in fact, they will design a fast going project or something inefficient to the overall goal . Therefore, teachers are to be the enforcer and designer of the summer projects for students.

Even though it would be fun and creative for students to have a part in designing their own summer projects, students must acknowledge their deficiency in areas needed to provided a well suited project. Teachers are the best and most fit for the task of designing summer projects due to numerous factors stated in the previous paragraphs. Students may know what they like, however, they lack the discipline, experience, and training to self instruct their summer assignments. Overall, Teachers are not obsolete to the learning process for students over the summer, they provide the structure and the enforcement that students need.                     