Car-free Cities

In Germany there is a city called VAUBAN and the citizens in that city have been told not to use their cars. There is a law that forbids the citizens to have a car or to use one. If you have a car then you have to put it in a large parking garage which costs 40,000 dollars. So 70% of residents dont have a car and 57% sold their car in oreder to move there. There are also other cities/countries like Paris, Bogota, and the United Stated of America who want to be car-free.

Paris is being polluted by cars which is making the air fog up. So in order to regain control of the air, they have to ban cars temporarily. On mondays cars with even numbered license plates were commanded to to leave their cars at their house or get a 31 dollar fine. The uneven numbered license plates would get the same fee the next day. 4,000 people were fined for driving on the wrong day. Since the banning of the cars, Paris was down 60% of smog/fog.

A program in Bogota,Columbia insists that the citizens be car-free. It has been three years since they have banned cars with only public transportation allowed. It has reduced smog severly and has increased finances in local shops and sports stores. Being car-free has created more oppurtunities for the government and the city.

The United States is getting more polluted every year. the use of cars have been decreasing in use because eberyone is using public transportation in order to get to one point to the other. Teenagers have stopped getting their drivers license right when they turn 16. They usually dont make it the number 1 thing to do on their to-do list. Gas prices have also been getting higher so people are using their cars less frequently becuase of not having enough money.

Being car-free has its advantages and its disadvantages. Less pollution equals a better life for everyone and everything.  People need the exercise and the movement of the body to get to one place or another. But it takes a longer to time to get from point A to point B. Using a car makes things easier and faster but hurts the environment. So being car-free is the best way to go.    