The whole point of school is to get you ready for life but some schools offer distance learning. Which is a way for students to take classes from home on online or video conferencing. Schools are killing your education before you can even get started in life.

The first thing you need to think about is the social side of things. These people need to talking to other human beings and make friends. People can't make friends if they don't talk to them. Most people in school have many friends as many as they want or can handle but if you have no friends then you starts feeling alone and depressed. Depression is nothing to laugh about it is a real thing that lots of people face and it sometimes it can be avoided and some times it can't but people help. School isnt just for text book learning it's life learning it's to show you that not every one is nice and life is tuff but you can get help from the people around you. School is the best years of your life many would say. People make deep connections to people in school. There are relationship and friendships that could last a life time but if you don't go to school how is that possible.

The next thing the you need to think about is the team work. In school we do lots of team projects and team based learning. If students are at home doing this work they can't get others opinions and really argue their point and learn from how other people think or feel. This does'nt not help the students learn that in life they will have to work with people in the real world and they need to get a long even if they dont like them . They may like to work alone it's not always possible and you cant just deal with your problems by just shutting your self in from humanity.

The last thing to need to think about is the slackers and are they going to do the work. In school these slackers have someone to push them and help them when they don't really want to do it but know they need to. If they are at home they can give up when ever they want no one is making them do the work so how are they learning if they don't want to do it and there not made to then its not going to help them it's just going to make them fail more.

I think that schools should only permitted use of distance learning to people with medical issues or mental disabilities that can't come to school but they really want to learn and can't. That maybe the only good thing that this distance learning will do. what effect could this have on the students in the long run of life?