Phones & Driving:

Technology can be one of the next step to be future but can also be the next step

To your death as it allows many teens to drive while using phones which is never

Save to do. Driving while using a phone is one of the most common causes of car

Crashes and most times the cause of death in a car accident at time can be

Death to more than just them self also to the people that are near or in the

Accident. A number of bills to regulate use of cell phones on the road have been

Introduced in state legislatures and the time has come to push for their passage.

Regulation is needed because drivers using phones are seriously weakened and

Because laws on negligent and reckless driving are not sufficient to punish

Offenders.

How many of you have sent or receive a test message while driving? How

Many of you sent or receive a call while driving? I have done of both these and I

Know many other people has done the same this is very dangerous to do this. Not

Many people realize how dangerous it is to be distracted while driving. Distracted

Driving is any activity that you do that diverts your attention away from the road

Alternatively, the activity you are doing. There are three main types of distracted

Driving the first is visual. That takes away your eyes of the road, the seconded is

Manual that takes your hand of the road cognitive that take your mind of the

Road.

One of the most dangerous types of distractive driving is texting while

Driving. Texting one of the most popular way of communication in are

World today and is the most popular amongst teenagers. It requires all the

Types of distractive driving visual, manual, and cognitive. Nearly one-half

Of the United States high school students have admitted that they have Sent or receive a text while driving. Cell phone use has come a long way in the past years

In 1995, it was at least eleven percent of people had cell Phones by 2010 that

Jumped to ninety-three percent. This texting not only Effect teenagers it also

Effects adults according to the CDC thirty-one Percent of the United States

Drivers ages sixteen to sixty four claim that they had read or sent a text message

At least once, while driving their Vehicle. Texting is a very serious issue and we

Need to take it seriously and try to end it.

The second form of distracted driving is using your hand held cell phone while driving. This distracts you from mostly manual that is when your hands are

Taken away from the wheel. According to cellphones. org, a cell phone impairs a

Driver's ability as much as a drunk driver. Although it may seem that is might be

An absurd comparison, the two activities are actually similar to one another. This

Type of distracted driving is most common amongst adults. Although teen, do

Call while there are driving sixty-nine percent of the United States driver's ages

Sixteen to sixty four reported that they talked on there cell phone while driving.

Although this might not seem as much as dangerous as texting, it is still very

Dangerous. Making call on your cell phone may not seem as texting but it is still

A very serious matter and we need to try to make calls to a minimum.

The next is hands free cell phone a lot of us use speakerphone. Studies

Have shown that hands free devices is not safer than using a hand held cell phone.

This form takes your mind off the road and gets you involved in the conversation

That's mainly where the hands free devices gets you is that you get involved in

The conversation. When you are involved in the conversation, it takes large

Chunks of your though process away and it sucks the life out of your driving

Concertation and your reaction ability your reaction time is very important

Because it helps, you prepare for what is coming next. If you are distracted, you

Are while driving you may not see that car that fixing to hit you or may not see

This child getting ready to cross the road because you are so involved in your

Conversation or you are texting someone. Reaction time also helps you with

Keeping in the lane.

No one can deny that cell phones have caused traffic deaths and injuries.

On October 10th 2014 the CDC stated that each day in the United States more than

Nine people are killed in more than 1,153 people were injured in crashes that are

Reported to involve distracted driving. Distractive driving is a serious and

Growing Hazard to road safety with more people owning cell phones. This is

Causing more Distracted driving throughout the world each day more people are

Being distracted While they are driving because they are on their cell phones or

Hands free device therefore distracted driving needs to end. The AMAs state

Some Solutions to distracted driving they are educated the public about the

Dangers of distracted driving use law enforcement to a degree and make

Adjustments before you start driving. The public need to be educated about the

Dangers of distracted driving by people who are against distracted driving. The

Law enforcement have laws in each state about distracted driving no matter if it is

Cell phone use smoking or talking to another passenger in the vehicle. People

Need to always be focused on the road and not on their phones. Using any type of

Cellular device is a hazard for everyone on the road.    