Imagine the average student during the summer. They're thriving and enjoying the warm sun and warm waters. A new school year is coming soon and the thought of summer projects loom over their minds like a dark cloud. They put it off until the very last moment and their procrastination rewards them with a barely passing assignment to turn in on the first week of school. Now imagine if the students were able to determine what kind of projects they did. Although letting students create their own projects, it defeats the purpose of assigning them in the first place. Projects should be teacher-designed because it prepares students, informs teachers of what kind of students they have entering their classes, and makes sense because only the teachers know the upcoming curriculum that the students are required to learn.

To begin, summer assignments from teachers prepare students. It can give then a feel of what they will be learning. It can also foreshadow the type of work they will receive and what expectations the teachers will have of them. Things always come more naturally and quicker when people see them coming and are able to mentally and physically prepare for them. Students can gather materials and do research on whatever topic their project is on and go into class on the first day of school knowing exactly what they're getting into. Not only that, but entering with knowledge about the course already. It can also prepare them by boosting their grades in the first week of school and start them off with a good grade to build off of.

Not only do summer assignments prepare students but they also prepare teachers by informing them about the upcoming students. The moment assignments are due, teachers instantaneously gain information about the characteristics of their students. They can see the work ethic within the quality of the work and the people who don't even attempt to do the work. They hear the procrastination in the excuses of those wishing to slide in late work. Therefore, it gives teachers an idea of who really cares about their classes and grades.

Lastly, although students designing their own projects would make it easier for them, they don't actually know what they need to be learning for the upcoming school year. Students would make up a random assignment they already have knowledge about so they could finish it quickly and efficiently without putting in any real work. But summer assignments exist to assure students continue to learn during their break. Having them assign work to themselves would defeat the purpose of doing summer projects. Teachers, however, know exactly what they need to know in order to move on to the next grade. Students would be able to learn useful information required for the upcoming year instead of wasting their time and the teachers time with work that doesn't actually teach anything.

In conclusion, teacher-designed projects prepare students and teachers for the upcoming year by introducing the qualities of the classroom environment such as: the work, expectations, and characteristics of individuals in the class. Students learn what the teachers expect of them and teachers learn what to expect about the students. Even though student input is very helpful in many situations and can improve methods of teaching, it is not required in this particular topic. It is in the best interest in all parties involved for teachers to create the projects the students have to complete. 