There's a new car coming out and its called " The Drivless Car". This cars is bad for you. The car can handle driving functions at sppeds up to 25 mph. This car can't do alot for you. It also can't help you when your lost but it also can kill people. Driveless car can get out of control, this car is not the ony car that can talk, its more cars that talk to you and take you places.

So let me tell you a few things about this so called fancy car. First off the Driveless car are bad for you because its alot of sympaths that the car can do. Not only that it have a GPS. You still can get lost with or without a GPS.It come with cameras. You can put a camera in your own car. Plus it's a Google Car. Well other cars can provide the same things, so it dont make this car no better than any other car or good.

This car drive for you, it can steer. Even tho special touch sensors make sure the drivers keeps hold of the wheel. It can lose controls while doing a turn and can kill a child or a person. It still navigate through work zones and around accident. Even tho in the passage it say while the driver watches the road the car watches the driver. The driver can get into an accident because lets say if a deer was cross the highway and the driver slows down but the car jump back. Then the driver is in trouble for killing the animal and mostly injured at the same time.

I dont think people should buy these smart cars, because sometimes these cars will take over you. you should'nt text or call anyone while driving because if you to loud it destack the driver, but some people think its stay and still put in these cars. Its not good while driving. It will tell you what to text or who to call like a smart phone a do if you press the wrong button.

Most driving law focus on keeping drivers and pedestrians safe, but why make these up to date cars that nobody know how to drive yet. I know I wouldnt because it seem dangerous. Do this car even have good senses? Do this car tells you what you need to do? In my opinion i would tell other people not to get this call neither because you can lose you life and others too.           