Imagine, scrolling through google just like you do everyday, and finding something you could only remember as a nightmare from your childhood. Well that may have been the case for some. In 1976, photos from NASA were leaked around the world, revealing a strange face on the face of Mars. But is that reaally what it was?

When scientists saw this formation, they to were astounished. Most just believed it was a martian messa, but few didn't. They believed there was truly acient life on Mars. Messa's were very common in Cydonia, the place they found the landform. So that was what it was expected to be, but there were still skeptics.

People from around the world believed NASA wanted to hide something. That they didn't want anyone knowing there really was life on Mars. But why would NASA want to hide something so extrordinary? Not to mention the fact they would get even more publicity and money spewing their way. But the people weren't satisfied, so NASA decided that in 1997, they would go back and capture more.

This would prove to be very difficult for NASA. The rotation of Mars would make it hard to actually land near Cydonia, but in 1998, they did it. The photograph was ten times sharper than the last from 1976. It showed that the formation, was just a formation. Not any ancient artifact. NASA took all that time to prove something that was already proven. Yet few people still were not satisfied.

The people argued that, because it was winter on Mars, it was to cloudy for the camera to take a proper photograph. They thought maybe alien markings were covered by haze. So NASA decided to set off one last time. On April 8, 2001, the Mars Global Surveyor came close enough for a second picture, this time with even better cameras. It once again, showed for sure that the landform was nothing but a messa.

One scientist, Jim Garvin, Even compared it to the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho, trying to help the people understand. NASA whent through so much trouble to prove to the people that it was not life on Mars. So they eventually came to the conclusion that it was just a landform. But there will still always be skeptics. Will you still be one?