Have you ever wondered what it would be like to have school on weekends? for many kids, it would be a nightmare, but instead of being physical, kids could be communicating and getting work done on the weekends through technology. Schools can offer distance learning as an option for students to attend school from home. This can benefit kids by making it easier to access the materials using websites such as Google classroom, and having less homework because even if they are sick, they can still "show up" to class even if they are not at school. Many kids could see this as an issue though, if school systems use this as a way to make kids continue to do school work on their days off (snow days, weekends, long breaks) it can tire them out. But, in turn, this could make the school year shorter, and give the kids a longer break for summer.

It can be useful if a student goes away on vacation, because they can still at least check up on the work that they've missed if they miss class. If a student is sick, they can make up work a lot easier, especially if they do not have to print out and missing pieces of classwork, useful if they do not have a printer at home. Coupled with the fact that more and more schools are giving out laptops to their students, the issue of people not having access to technology at home will not be an issue to anybody, because they should have access to the school-given laptops. Some people may say this is a bad idea because students can stay home more often from school, and while they are right, What isn't stopping them now, won't stop them when this is implemented, some people dont change.

This can prevent students from having homework because even when they are absent, they can still "show up" to classes. They might not be heard, or there could be an option to turn on and off a microphone when they wanted to answer questions in class, so they will feel involved. This can be really useful for students because it will free up time on weekends of after school for sports or other activities that take up time, while still putting school first. and to make sure students still show up to class, you can implement an attendance policy for the online class. Say, they don't log in, but dont show up to school, they can still be marked as absent, unless they have a note to get out of it. Many people may say that implementing a tardy/absent policy to being sick or away from school is wrong and they could have a point. But most of the time, Students will still show up to classes, and it may be easier this way to avoid embarrassment if they have anxiety or another type of disorder like I do.

Weekend classes, the bane of everyone's existence. many people would like to not have to think about school on weekends, due to it being down time. But many people could possibly benefit from having school on the weekend by using it to make up class time they could have possibly missed during the last week. It can also be used to shorten the school year and give students more downtime for spring/summer. Students can benefit from this by having a longer resting period before school starts again, While still learning the same amount in a condensed (but similar) Length of time. if students do use this time it can be very beneficial for them so they can learn better, many students seem to be able to focus more if they do their learning on computers or other devices. Thats why online colleges are so popular as of recent times. Many students may say that they do not want to sacrifice their weekends for a shorter school year. While I agree with that, I feel like it could definitely benefit in the long run by making school years shorter and making breaks and vacations longer.