Our world is changing. People try to improve things we use most in daily life. Cars is a highly used mode of transportation and Sergey Brin is on a quest to improve daily use of cars. Many positives and negatives can be found in the use of driverless cars. I find that if something is not good, make it better. If people find many flaws in driverless cars, then I see a need to improve it. I think the idea of a driverless car should be futher developed until the positives clearly outweigh the negatives.

I think that driverless cars could be very valuble in the future. The driverless car comes with many benefits. One of the major upsides of a driverless car is hypothetically safer than a car with a human driver. Human drivers are subject to drunk driving, sleeping while driving, and overall human errors. In a world of all cars being driverless cars, commute from destination to destination would be more efficient. The estimated time from place to place would be more exact as cars would be traveling the quickest route consistently. People would also be traveling legally at the right speed. As it says in paragraph one, gas expenses would also go down. When the car knows where it is going, there is no route to get lost on, therefore less distance traveled, less money spent on gas. People can also pay a lot of money towards fines and other crash related expenses. Ideally, driverless cars would eliminate the penalty of speeding and would hopefully eliminate the expenses of a crash. However, the idea of a driverless car is still in the making.

Driverless cars can also come with various disadvantages. One of the most obvious downsides of a driverless car is price. The price of a driverless car would be insane. In paragraph four and five, the passage mentions the various sensors needed in order to mimic the ability of a human driver. It also says, "Sensors are nothing new, of course." However, cars with these sensors in them are known to cost more than most cars. Not to mention the act of adding many more sensors which would continue to the raise the price of this vehicle. Another downside this passage brings up is the idea of liability. In a perfect world, we would like to imgaine a perfect car that would never get in accidents or collisions. However, we know that accidents are possible due to pedestrians, bikers, natural reasons and more. So liability comes into play when an accident is on hand. Depending on the situation, who is to blame? There is yet to be laws made in order to determing this question, but the idea of driverless cars remain the same.

Driverless cars need to be improved, investigated, and developed more before they are determined to be logical modes of transportation for our world today. I think the idea of a driverless car makes sense, but much more research needs to resolve these negative downsides. In order for the driverless car to product the people want, the price would have to be reasonable and the saftey of the passengers would need to be ensured. I think driverless cars should be further developed before they are put into the world of today.