Many students in the U.S. are being advised to stay home due to the Coronavirus spreading and now becoming known as a worldwide pandemic. These students are now staying home and continuing their classes online. Many college students are offered the chance to take online or virtual courses. Some courses may require an online or virtual class depending on what you are trying to achieve. Unfortunately, not all schools agree with distant learning and do not offer the option. Although some may disagree, many students would benefit from having the opinion to attend classes online or by video conferencing because it gives them more opportunities.

With the current virus going around, it is best for students to stay home and take online classes to watch their health and avoid catching anything. Online classes can provide better safety from viruses or diseases. During the winter is when many people fall ill due to colds, or maybe even the flu. During the spring and summer is when flowers are in bloom, it is raining more, but they are also the allergy seasons. If students stay inside, crowded by others like they are in classrooms, then there is a better chance for any contagious sicknesses to be spread. With the Coronavirus being announced as a national pandemic and spreading like wildfire, it is the perfect time to stay home.

Online classes could help many students financially and physically. With online classes, parents can save their money by not having to pay for school supplies, fees, exam fees, or other things like field trips. Online classes can help save money because all you need is a computer or an electronic device, a good internet connection, and the directions for your work. Moreover, you could even go to the library or a cafe to use public internet and save your electricity bill from going up at home. In addition, online classes can give students the opportunity to get more rest. A lot of students do not get the rest they need due to having so much work and having to wake up so early for school. However, they would not be able to sleep as late as they probably would want to, online classes allow them to get a bit more rest than they would if they had to leave for school.

Although some may disagree, many students would benefit from having the opinion to attend classes online or by video conferencing because it gives them more opportunities. Online classes could be difficult for taking tests and could be prone for cheating. Online classes are beneficial for students because it can help them to stay healthy, to save money, and to get the rest students need. In conclusion, online classes are something that would be beneficial to all students if they are available, and if they are not available then the school should make it available for the students and in case of any sudden closings. 