School from home

Wouldn't it be nice if you could lay in bed all day and still get and education?

Why should people be allowed to take web classes at home; Because it could help the family, it could make it easier for some people and what about the people who have a mental problem or a disability they could even get an education.

I think people should be allowed to attend classes from home. For some families it is hard to make money, and instead of sending their children to school, they have to work. It would help the family if the kids could go to school and still help out at home. They could for example: wake up, go to work or help out the family, come home and do school, that way they could still help out the family, but at the same time get and education so they at one point can stand on their own two feet.

People should also be allowed to take online classes if they are having trouble with the family or something at school isn't working for them.

It could make it easier for some families if they could keep their kids at home, where they can keep an eye on them. Some kids finds school a joke, and therefore they don't care about during any work or show up to classes. If the parents would be so lucky, that they could stay home and help the kid to do school work. That would be a great solution for some people that are having problems with their children getting into trouble at school.

There is other ways it could help kids to have online school. Lets say that it is a single parent with two kids, maybe the parent have to work a lot and is therefor not home a lot to drive the kids. There are no buses for the kids to go to school, so they miss school a lot of days. What if instead of putting stress on the parent and not having the kids go to school, they could just do their classes at home, and that way the parent could work, the kids could go to school and everyone would be happy.

But what if there is something else wrong? a mental problem, an injury or a disability that is forcing the person to stay home?

Well that is one way, you could use the online classes too. Let's say I am in high school, senior year, and I break my leg during a soccer game. I need an operation and Im supposed to lay still for 5 weeks, well i can't really miss school for that long. So i talk to my guidenscounsler and we figure out that I could actually still attend my classes and take care of my injury at the same time. By during the online school and not missing 5 weeks of senior year I could still get the credit i need to graduate.

But what if it is not an injury but I have a mental health problem or disability that is making it hard for me to go to school?

Now a days a lot of kids in school get bullied for having a mental health problem or a disability, and sometimes it gets to much for the kid, so their parents take them out of school.

Instead of giving up and just letting your kid sit at home and think they are not worth anything. You could enroll them in online school and that way they could still get an education and figure out what is out in the world for them.

But I do see that is not really the same as school, i see the point, that it would be lonely for some people to just do school at home and not really have the social life that school gives them. School make a lot of memories for people, for some people that is their time of their lives, they experience prom, go to homecoming, drive around, do fun things with their friends, have ups and downs and even figure out who they want to be as people in the world. So if you just took online classes all of your school years, you wouldn't have made those memories and had the opportunity to experience prom, homecoming or the fun by driving around with your friends singing your heart out to Justin Bieber or having a any of those ups and downs school sometimes gives you.

So should online school from home be allowed?

I believe that school from home should be allowed. It could help a lot of families that are having issues.

Why not help the people that need it, and it would help the country too, by giving them the space and time to get an education, more people can take a job and help out in the workplaces. Even if you are having a disability or a problem there should always be a space for anyone that wants to make a life for themselves.         