Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. projects makes sure the kids learn also by having fun in the summer. The students pick how they want to do the projects while the teacher makes them. The more time you have on a project the more likely you will get a great grade. The opposition wrongly believes that students should not have summer projects it should be known, that students should have summer projects. Although some believe that students should not have projects during summer break to assure continue learning during spring break it should be known, school should have projects to assure continue learning during the summer.

These are how having projects over the summer are beneficial now to students who do summer projects that teachers made for them. The more students take the time to learn things over the summer with less distractions the more smarter the students will get. The more students start focusing on school and not on other students. The more work that the students have, the less trouble the students get in. If the students have projects over the summer they can get a good grade and had 3 months to work on it to make it perfect. When students have more time to work on something the more things come to mind to pick from.

These are having school projects in summer are benefits later to students who do summer projects that teachers made for them. Students that work hard in school now have a higher graduation access and do summer projects by the teacher. If you do projects in summer you already get a grade for completing it and its better for your class grade it you are ahead. The more harder the project is the more time you need on it that why its good for the summer projects especially if you are in a higher grade.

Although some believe that students should not have summer projects it should be know, students should have summer projects. Even though; the opposition believes that students should not have projects in the summer it should be known, that students should have summer projects these are the reason the opposition is wrong students can have a extra grade, more they work the less they are bored, smarter kids and easier graduation access. These are the reason that students should have summer projects.        