Nearly 20% of all statements given are lies. Anyone at any time can be susceptible to one of these untruthful answers. Numerous test have been recorded in which they have found that regardless the question, people can, and will be untruthful at times. It does not matter if they are a friend, relative, family member, or classmate, they can lie. Whether it be a white lie or something more important, it is in our nature to tell false information occasionally. When asking for advice, I believe it is a good decision to ask more than one person about it because it can lead to a more accurate response, it can help people have more insight, and it can allow the person to see the situation from a fresh view.

First of all, asking multiple people can result in an accurate piece of advice. Asking just a single person can lead to poor results, if they are wrong. If the answer to the advice is major or life-changing, asking only one person can limit the chance of getting true advice. Everyone has different opinions on things, and if they ask only one person for advice, that can lead to conflict. Getting more than a single persons advice will most likely produce the most accurate responses.

Secondly, if only one answer is given, there is not much advice to take in. If only a single piece of advice is received, then the situation for which the advice was asked will not be much improved. Being able to go over all of the advice from multiple sources can give the struggling person a clearer mindset. Gaining multiple points of view over the topic can help the person reach a decision. If most of the people who were asked for advice come to the same conclusion, then that help to reach a final choice. Having more information to look over can allow for an improved, final decision.

The opportunity to have a different perspective over the situation can be a lot of help. Being able to have multiple people assess the situation and give you their advice can be used to an advantage. If someone is stuck with a decision that they have studied for a long time, it can help to have a fresh set of eyes to look over the decision and give you advice. For example, if someone is given an invitation to a new job, having other people look into it as well can provide thoughts and ideas that the person may not have even though of before. It can open their eyes to new possibilities and solutions. It is much smarter to ask more than one person for advice in order to obtain multiple perspectives and eventually come to a conclusion.

All in all, I think that having more than one person provide advice is the smart thing to do. By having multiple people give advice, the outcome can be more accurate rather than just having a single persons advice. Taking in advice from multiple sources gives more insight for your decision. Seeing and assessing the problem in a new light from other peoples views can produce the advice needed for that final decision. Based on fact and opinion, asking for advice from many people can lead to a much better choice. 