Driverless cars are something that will very soon be a common part of our everyday furture lives. These cars have proven to be a time saving and fuel saving option. They also allow drivers to not have to be in full control as they would have had in normal cars today. Although these would be some very helpful things and would be more economically friendly, driverless cars prove to be very risking and there are just too many questions about ensuring safety for them to be allowed today.

Driverless cars could possibly be dangerous to the driver, other drivers, or people walking around on the street. As of now no driverless cars have been developed that are completely driverless. At any point the car could run into a problem where it needs a person's assistence. This person may not always pay attention like they should and they may not be able to interfere with the problem quick enought to prevent harm.

In these cars the chances of something to go wrong is likely. An accident may occur and the person to blame would be a very good question. The accident may have occured because something went wrong technologically with the car. Another possible thing is the car did not give enough time for the driver to be able to quickly react to the situation. If this were to happen would the driver be at blame because he should have been able to react quicker or should have paid more attention? Or should the car be blamed because it should have sensed the problem?

The chance of something going wrong with the cars and the technology is something else to pay attention to. As of today we can see that there is nearly something that goes wrong with technology daily. The chances of something going wrong with them and causing an accident is very high. The cars review sensors may not detect a young kid laying on the ground trying to recieve his ball that just rolled under the car. This car would then sense there is nothing there and roll over the poor kid. These cars may also read the road wrong or navigate wrong. These errors could cause you to drive on the wrong side of the road or take you down a one way street the wrong way. When you are driving down the road and a situation were to occur that caused you to react quickly how will the car know what to do in the certain scenario?

Driverless cars are definitely a good way in saving your time and energy, but they also can harm you. There are many questions about how safe these cars would be and who to blame if something were to go wrong. Driverless cars are another piece of technology and something could go wrong that could quite possibly endanger the lives of many people. At this time there are too many questions about the driverless cars that need to be answered. But once they are answered and proven to be safe, driverless cars could be the next way of transportation.   