I do agree that some students would benefit from online classes, but not all of them would. There's people that learn better if they are in a classroom with a teacher standing in front of them. There's also people who struggle to listen correctly in the classroom. Those are the people that would heavily benefit from an online course. All of their distractions are eliminated and they can turn the volume up on their laptop if they struggle to listen. There are benefits from both being in a classroom and being in an online classroom.

Since I agree that some would benefit, let's talk about why it's only "some". If you are like me, you would rather be in a classroom with other students who are learning the same things as you. Therefore, you can ask them for help if you missed something or just have a conversation on the topic. Just talking to others about what you're learning will grow your knowledge on the subject and you might even teach them a thing or two. This will also give you a chance to talk with the beautiful girls in your class!

So, why are they both beneficial? I've never taken a class online, but it must be nice to bring the class wherever you want. So, if you're an on-the-go student, I would look into online courses. Anxiety is a big thing these days and I've heard of many people with "classroom anxiety". They are actually afraid to go to school and I cannot think of a better cure for that than online classes. On the other hand, people in the classroom can speak on the subject and teach each other new things as I said before. You have the luxury of asking the teacher for assistance. Being in a classroom also improves your people skills.

We all know there is good and bad that come from online courses. These are some reasons why people think there is no good coming from it. You may not get the full learning experience from looking at your laptop rather than having someone with all the answers speaking to you and making you write them down. You have no social life while you're learning and you can't speak with classmates to learn more or get answers for a homework. If you're online learning, everything is on you! There is little help that comes with online classes rather than a real classroom.

All in all, I agree that some students would benefit from online classes. Those who are very independent and portable would love online classes. I feel that there are more students who would rather stay in the classroom and converse to learn more. It's all about what each person prefers. Online courses are not for everyone but are definitely a great option.