Students would not benefit from attending classes at home. Students would have more ways to get distracted. The students would have less experience in a workplace environment. Technical problems would be much more harder to deal with. Many students would not benefit from being taught online.

Attending classes from home has a negative impact on their focus as they are easily distracted. Students may not be able to focus as they have family or friends over. Students may also have phones and television to distract them while working online. School computers block sites that might take the students off task, but at home they can reach those sites easily. Teachers are not going to be able to really help the students through a moniter. There is little distraction in the classroom. Teachers help minimize the distractions in the classroom by always keeping the students on task.

The students that attend classes from home tend to have less workplace experience. Students may get so used to learning at home that it hurts them from practicing in a workplace environment. Students may not know how to interact with other classmates or co-workers. Learning at school allows the students to interact with eachother. By learning at school whenever the students are faced with a group assignment they are able to work together and complete the assignment. While not having classmates takes away some distractions, it will not help them in the long term. Allowing students to wake up late will hurt as they may need to get up for work or other important matters.

Having technical problems at home is much worse than when they happen at school.

When a student that takes classes from home has technical problems, they could have zero to little work done on their computer. The students computer may down for a long period of time and the teacher can not wait for everyone to finish their assignments. It may also cost money to get the students computer repaired and working again. At school, administrators limit the amount of technical problems that happens to the internet. The school always has someone working on the computers, while at home it's only the students who have to get the internet or computers back and working. At home teachers can not help the student fix their internet, while their internet is down wasting time the student may have to finish their assignment.

Allowing students to attend class at home hurts them in the long term. The students would be more distracted at home then they would be at school. With less workplace experience at home, the students would have a hard time working in groups later in life. Having technical problems limits the students choices on how to finish the assignment on time. Students will not benefit from attending classes online at home.        