In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. After reviewing this article, I have formed an opinion of being for the development of these cars. They will create a more efficient traffic system, the cars are safe therefore creating safer roads, and even though the car is doing most of the work, humans still have full control over the vehicle.

Many car companies have discovered different ways to improve traffic efficiency. For example, "In 2013, BMW announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assistant." The car can handle driving functions at speeds up tp 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." This creation was designed to imrpove traffic drastically.

Driverless cars are proven to be safe by many research programs. With it's motion dection sensors and human-brain-like technology, self-driven cars could not be more cautionary. A lot of the technology is very advanced, for example from Google, "it [the car's feature] uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings."

Creating a full view of anything the car should be aware of in it's surroudings.

The thought of eventually having no control over today's advanced techology scares many people, however, with the self-driving driverless cars that is not something to be worried about. Although the car does do a lot of the work, incase of an emergency or in any case where only the skills a human mind can surpass, the people in the car have full control over the vehicle. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents," says BMW.

To conclude, I believe that supporting self-driving driverless cars will improve our future for the better. Whether its because of increasing traffic efficiency or creating safer roads. Also, knowing that humans will still have access to all controls having to do with the car, why wouldn't the human race want to acquire driverless cars?