When people ask for advice, they often talk to more than one person. For example, when you are in need of someone in a difficult situation, you probably talk to more than one person to see who has the best answer to your problem. I think seeking multiple opinions is better because it gives you a choice on what you want to do,you have another piece of advice that you can rely on, and it can help you see that the first opinion does not make any sense

First, if you get more than one opinion you get to choose what you feel is the best option for your problem. I remember when i was young i only ever asked one person for advice and that was my mom. But she didnt always have the best advice and i paid the price for that one time. I was really small then and i asked my mom if i could play tackle football and she said that i could. but I was way too small back then so i broke my leg on my first play. but if i asked for another opinion i probably would've played one more season of flag football.

Next, if you get more than one opinion, you have another piece of advice that you can rely on. If you have a opinion that sounds really bad but you have another opinion that sounds really good, you go with the good advice. but if you never asked for another opinion, and you just went with the first, really bad option, it could mess up something for you. say you were going to marry a girl but you mom said not to because she isnt rich enough, but you really love her so you ask your dad and he says marry her, you'd probably go with your dads opinion because you love her so much. but if you never got your dads opinion, you wouldnt be marrying her because your mom does not like her.

Finally, if you get more than one opinion, it could help make you see that the first opinion does not make any sense at all. If you're a student having trouble with a subject, and you ask another student for advice on what to do, and you're not sure that what they said is true and you go ask the teacher and what the teacher said to do makes way more sense, you go with what the teacher said. But again, if you had'nt asked for that second opinion, you would've gotton all of that subject wrong.

When people ask for advice they often talk to more than one person. I think seeking multiple opinions i better because it gives you a choice on what you want to do, you have another piece of advice you can rely on, and it can help you see that the other opinion might not make sense.       