Would it be surprising to know that kids learning at home help then not stress out as much? Stress is mainly caused by students getting to much school work that cannot all handled in one night. Everyday kids complain about having to much homework and when working at home there is not any homework. Allowing children to work on their own schedule helps them become more motivated to work. Students being educated at home gain more freedom to create their own schedule and their own rules. Learning at home and not at school helps kids to succeed and have better grades. No only does learning at home provide less distraction, it provides students with flexible schedule.

First, Students complain about having to much homework because students who spend a lot of time on their homework and don't have enough free time for them to relax is considered having to much homework. When they get out school and they have to practice some sports them they have to go to their house just to eat and them to do their homework, they cannot spend time with their family. Homework can limit the time. Students can spend with their friends, family, or other activities they can do. Too much homework can also give students more pressure from parents interference, this may cause unhealthy amount of stress. This is why students prefer home school.

Second, One of the best things about home school is that It can be done at anytime because It can be done at any time, children have a flexible time schedule with mean that the parents can helps. The student can work around schedule instead of the parent working around the students schedule. Some students have trouble working at a school because they cannot understand the material at the pace set by teachers. Home schools allow students to work at their own pace and on their own schedule. Another thing about homeschooling is that there are not rules about technology or how to dress. This is good because instead of worrying about the rules, the students can focus on their studies.

Third, when you are taking a test or taking notes at a public school there are may distraction that can make students loss focus on what there are doing. This is another reason that learning from home would benefit student. Learning from home won't have the distraction that that a classroom has. As a result of this, student won't loss focus on the work they are doing and get better grades. One of the reason students get distracted in the first place is because they are in an environment they are no familiar with, which makes then feel uncomfortable. If a student learns from home they will feel more relaxed and comfortable and won't stress about work. In a school, you are stuck at desk for 6 hours and have limit time to eat and limited bathroom breaks. This does not helps students at all. In conclusion, the environment at home will benefit student's by giving them better grades.

In conclusion, Students should be offered classes online because the environment is less stressful, which could benefit test scores. At home there is less distractions, rather than at school where are many different things to worry about. The flexibility of the time students are allowed to complete work would benefit the mental health and grades of the student. Many students successfully take some, and even all, classes from home. School systems and all districts should offer distance learning. 