There is a lot of discussion whether or not to keep the Electoral College. The electoral college is the process in which we vote for our next president. It was established in the Constitution by our founding fathers, which was a really long time ago. So why do we still use the Electoral College? The Electoral College is completely outdated. We need to get rid of the Electoral College now!

Why are we still using the Electoral College to vote? It's extremely confusing. What if you vote for the wrong elector? That sometimes happens which is unfair to voters. We should be able to just directly vote for the president we want. If we could just vote for the president we want, not the electors, it would be so much simplier. Why confuse the citizens of the U.S. when you could just make things easier for us? The Electoral College is a way to confusing process to vote for our president. It's time to update the way we vote.

People think they're voting for the president, but really, they're just voting for electors. That is completely unfair. Why not just vote for the president of your choice? The citizens cannot always control who the electors vote for. How unfair would that be if the elector you chose, decided to vote for the president you didn't want? Also, the electors can be just anyone. They can be anyone not holding public office. Depending on what state you're in, either the state conventions, the states party central committee or even the presidential candidates can pick the electors. Why even bother going through all that trouble when you could just vote for the president you want? It's way more easier.

There are so many things that could go wrong when using the Electoral College process to vote. What if there is a tie in the electoral votes? Then who does the state choose? That would throw everyone off guard. Why have to even worry about that when you could just vote the president of your choice? It's ridiculous that we still use the Electoral College to vote. Also, we could choose the wrong elector when voting and that would really make people mad.

The Electoral College is outdated, confusing, and just way to complicated. Why go through the trouble of having to make sure you vote for the right elector, when you could just vote for the president of your choice. It's completely irrational how we still use the Electoral College to vote. You're not voting for the president you want, but for electors to choose the president. You can't always control who the electors vote for. There are a handful of things that could go wrong. We just need to get rid of the Electoral College once and for all.    