Did aliens create an amazing masterpiece on Mars or are you just imagining that they did? Aliens surely do not exist or are for sure not on Mars. It is theretithized that aliens have formed or made an object that seems to look like a human face. I think that aliens didn't do it in many different ways. Such as, this object resembles different landforms that co-exist on Earth. Also, by using our satelittes, we would've already seen pictures of them. Finally, many different factors could've made it to look as if resembling a human face. Just because we wonder about something, doesn't mean that it's really there.

First of all, this object resembles different landforms that co-exist on Earth. Different landforms that it resenmbles are rivers, volcanos, and mountains. This closely resembles the Snake River Plain in Idaho because of it's swirly indentions. Also in one of the pictures it looks as if it have hot boiling lava bubbling inside of it. And finally it shows high elevations such as the Rocky Mountains. This "alien created object" looks very similar to the many different landforms on Earth. This is one of the many reasons why it was not made by aliens but if there were any aliens wouldn't we have known about them by now?

Concequently, using our satelittes, we would've already seen pictures of the aliens if they lived on Mars. With all of the advanced technology that we have today you would've thought that our satelittes would've taken pictures of the aliens, right? Some reasons why we should've already seen aliens are that we have satelittes that can take high definition pictures, not only but also; we've launched many different programs towards Mars to take pictures but none of them have came back with positive results for aliens. And finally the rovers that we have sent to Mars have come back with little information about vital items needed to survive on a planet. With high definition pictures we can tell if there are any shelters, food, water, etc. on Mars, however there's not. Then again many different space progams hav launched satelittes to take pictures, but there is no vital signs. Finally the rocket propelled rovers that have landed on Mars have came back with little information about items needed to survive. There it is, another good reason and reality why aliens did not create this human looking landform, but it might've just been positioning why we thought that it looked human.

Finally, many different factors could've made it to look as if resembling a human face. Different factors such as the position of the sun, clouds, and or temperature could've made this "plain" look human. The sun might've made the shadows of different hills look like eyes and a mouth. The clouds could've covered or angled the sun to make different shadows on the hilly area. Maybe the heat waves deformed the plateu to resemble a human. Nobody knows for sure and unless the exact same situation happens again we might find out, but until then I beleive that it is not possible that aliens made this landform.

It is possible that aliens exist and I don't doubt that they live without of our reach but I think that it is not possible for them to exist this close to us and we have not found out about it yet, therefore they are not real.

Everyone wonders what is beyond our reach, but just because you imagine it does that neccesarily mean that it is real? I think that all the examples like it looks like landforms on Earth, we should've seen picture of aliens, and many different factors might have effected our view are definitly reasons why aliens did not create this. Wondering and believing are both good things but if you don't focus on the truth of reality, you will not suceed.   