Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I agree with your policy to make students participating in sports have at least a grade average of B . I think this would be an excellent way to encourage students to do better in their schoolwork, teach students responsibility, and to encourage students to participate.

If you were to make it a policy that students must have a grade of B average to participate in sports, it would make students want to do better in their school work. You and I both know that students would get a better scholarship if they get a grade average above a C. However, there isn't much initiative for students to try to get a better grade until it is much closer to senior year when it is usually too late to get a good scholarship. Since a lot of students at our school have a C and are willing to participate in sports or other activities, and they must have a B, those students would work harder to get a better grade.

Another reason why you should introduce this policy is because students would want to participate in the extracurricular activities. They would participate because they would know that only people that actually have an initiative to do work would be with them. I do not like to be around people that want me to do all the work for them. If I knew that the students that are in the same activities as me are as willing to do as much work as me, if not more, I would join more activities.

My age group lacks responsibility. Some of them just want to coast along with a C until we get to college and have to pay a lot of money to get in. If the lowest grade the students that want to participate in sports or other activities could get was a B , they would learn responsibility. I know that getting an A is not an easy job if you aren't willing to put in the extra effort, and a B also requires work. The students that participate in extracurricular activities would have to learn to be responsible enough to get in their missing work in or actually study for a test or else they would not be able to participate.

TEACHER_NAME, I hope you would look at my arguments carefully and seriously consider making this policy happen. If you were to introduce it and, give it time, the students would do better in their school work, want to participate in activities, and learn responsibility.