As our atmosphere constantly changes, so do our habits. With greenhouse emissions rising, our efforts towards changing it are too. Even outside of the United States there are efforts being made; in Germany, France, and Colombia. In Gernamy, some people have ended up selling their cars, and started living a whole new lifestyle. Moved into car-less communities with others, and now live supposedly happier lives. A city in Columbia, officially has a car free day, to try and cut down on emissions and help reduce the stress of driving, also those who do not go along with it are fined. So, maybe life with less cars can actually be beneficial to many of us.

In the city of Vauban, Germany there is a suburb that was finished around 2006. Its goal was to limit the use of cars. So far it seems successful in its purpose; where 70% of the families living there do not have cars, and at least 57% sold a car to live in that suburb. For the most part, there is no driveways, garages, or street parking so it is mainly car-free except for the "main thoroughfare" being the tram to downtown. Proof that not only the idea was beneficial, but it was also "inspirational" is that places like Vauban, are growing more and more in Europe, and the U.S. has the EPA (Evironmental Protection Agency) promoting these car reduced communities, and legislators are now starting to act upon it. It is also becoming a part of a movement called "smart planning". The idea also is to make cities denser so more people can live, and easier for walking. To make things closer, so getting there is not such a hassle; epecially if you don't have a car.

After near-record polution in Paris, the city enforced a partial ban on car use to help clear the city's air. On Monday, morotorists with an even numbered plate were told to leave their car come, or be fined. and on that Tuesday, people with odd numbered plates would have to do the same. Because of that, nearly 4,000 people were fined. And 27 people had their cars impounded due to the way they acted upon being fined. Though it left some unhappy people, it did help; the congestion was down by 30% in the city.

The City of Bogota, Colombia has started a car-free day. And apparently it's a big hit. Its goal is to promote alternate transportation, and reduce smog, with the exception of buses and taxis. That day, millions of Colombians either walked, hiked, biked, or skated. And even though there was some gray clouds with a bit of rain, it didn't stop many people. It is also seen as an opportunity to help lower stress and air pollution. And to show its popularity, two other cities in the county; Cali and Velledupar have joined in on the event. Even the mayor of Asuncion, Paraguay came to the county to say how great of an idea it was. More parks, sports centers have been buit, and 118 miles of bike paths have been created. On top of that, new side-walks have been built to help people in general.

With all of the effort that so many countries have put out towards making a better environment for themselves, I hope you would be able to see why they did it, because I do. When it comes to making communities with car restrictions, or a day or two when use in limited it all helps. So Maybe I could convince you to reduce your car use, and improve your life.    