Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure that they continue learning during their break. With students having a project to do during their break, it might help them not lose knowledge of what they have learned over the school year. One problem is that with the project being designed by the teacher students might not have motivation or be willing to do the project, or if the project that has been designed by the teacher is not interesting the students might not be willing to do the assignment. With the schools having students require to do summer projects during their break, the project should be student designed, not by teachers.

First, letting students design their own projects will give them the opportunity to do something that interests them. Therefore, this will make the students want to be able to their project and in the process of making it, they might find it fun to do. With the students being able to design their project and finding something that interests them it will make them put more effort into the project. Most importantly this will keep them learning throughout their break and more eager to do their projects.

Additionally, throughout the school year teachers have designed tests, quizzes, and projects to students but unfortunately there are some who tends to find it boring and not do it. But with letting them choose what they want to do for their project, this project could help with their grade. The students putting effort and time into their own choice of what they want to do might make that task easier for them. Then after they have done their project knowing that they put effort into what they are doing, they will have the satisfaction of completing it than just not doing it because the project designed by the teacher doesn,t interest them.

Some may say, that students shouldn,t be able to design their own project and let the teacher do it because thats how it should be. However, that has been the problem of education and why some students fail their classes because they aren,t given the option of what they want to do or how they want to do it. Students have their own way of learning. But the best way for them is them exploring on their own, finding their own interests of how they want to do their assignments. Sometimes students learn by comparing things of what they like to what they have to do to complete their task.

In conclusion, schools are making students complete projects during their summer break to assure that they are still continuing to learn. Making the students design their own projects will make them be more interested to what they are doing and put more time and effort. With doing the best they can their grades could be higher and help them out in the long run. For so long all year students are forced to do tasks that are designed by teachers and most of the time the task that is assigned to them is not intriguing for the students which leads them to not doing their project. So if teachers want better results and more effort into projects, projects should be designed by students and not by teachers.            