Why is it people usually end up asking more than one person for advice on one thing?

I find it useful because it gives me the ability to make a better choice.

I believe having more than one opinion will help people make the correct decision/better choices.

I will discuss how multiple opinions could change peoples answers to better ones, how multiple opinions can keep people out of trouble, and a story on how multiple opinions from my friends got me out of trouble in school.

Multiple opinions can change peoples viewpoints, solutions, or advice they received.

People can end up realizing they had a answer wrong with multiple opinions.

This is possible because all the opinions from others could all be pointing out a certain thing that was incorrect.

People can also change their answer to a much better one with the help of multiple opinions.

All the people giving feedback can also be feedback on how to specify your answer or how to improve it a little.

Another thing that multiple opinions can help on is advice.

The first or/and second person that you talk to for advice could give you a bad piece of advice.

By talking to more than just one or two people, you can end up realizing that one of the first people you were talking to gave you a bad piece of advice.

Overall, multiple people can just help you with advice or better/correct answers.

With more than one opinion as well though, people can avoid bad things, not just bad advice.

For example, people can inform others not to go into a certain place/area.

It could be a harmful place and anyone that goes there could be possibly injured.

Multiple peoples advice can also stop someone from doing a dangerous activity.

For example, if multiple people talk to someone to try and stop them from doing something bad, they could persuade a friend to not drunk drive.

Multiple opinions can tell someone they shouldn't do something so they can just avoid anything bad overall.

People could give advice not to cheat on tests and etc.

Multiple opinions can persuade people to avoid getting in trouble is what I am trying to say with this paragraph.

Now, after talking about people giving advice not the cheat on tests, I'd like to tell you a story about a event in school I almost got into trouble for.

The only reason I didn't get in trouble is because my friends with their opinions convinced me not to do a bad thing.

When I was in 4th grade, I usually got into trouble on a almost weekly basis.

It usually was just small things like speaking out of turn and I almost never actually got into big trouble.

I almost got into big trouble one day though when I decided to try and cheat on a test.

The reason why I wanted to cheat was because I completely forgot to study for the test and I felt like I wasn't prepared.

I asked a friend if they could help give me advice on this and they said not to cheat.

I didn't feel persuaded to not cheat because it was only one person and others could say to cheat.

When I asked all my other friends they agreed with the first person.

Seeing that everyone agreed with the first person persuaded me not to cheat on the test.

When test day came up (the next day), I took the test without cheating and hoping a little bit of my studying from the previous night would help.

I ended up having a pretty good grade while someone else in my class was caught cheating on the test.

I am grateful for my friends who told me not to cheat and I promised myself that day I wouldn't cheat again.

That was my reasoning for believing that having multiple opinions is better than only having one opinion.

Multiple opinions can let others have a better solution or better piece of advice.

It can also keep people out of trouble like it did for me in the story I just told you about.

What I would like you, the reader to do is to make sure you get advice from a group of people and not just one person when you are seeking for advice.