Being a scientist at NASA is very hard because you have to make sure that you are correct when talking about something important such as the Face. Many people like to make theories about subjects but nobody knows about the real information. Not unless we share it to the public, we will not share things we want to hide from everyone. The picture was not made by aliens and we explain why it is just a natural landform.

If I were to be a scientist at NASA I would tell the person that the Face is just a natural landform. There are many conspiracy theorists that claim we are trying to hide something, such as saying aliens made the Face. In the article it says

" evidence that NASA would rather hide " , that is correct. If the aliens did make it then we wouldn't have showed the public the photos. We would want to keep it out of newspapers, magazine, tv shows, and movies.

NASA would also never want lots of people to see the picture of the Face if they were to hid something. We would make the picture an enigma to the citizens of the world. Scientist in NASA have studied these for years and they have all the information. Also in the third paragraph in the article it tells us that there are some shadows that make the the Face get the illusion of having eyes and a nose. The third paragraph says " The authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars. " which is telling us that they want people to know more about Mars so we obvisouly wouldn't be showing the pictures if the aliens made it.

Although there were few scientist that believed the Face was an alien artifact, in paragraph seven it says

" ... a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all. " , NASA scientist take their jobs very serious. People continued to say the Face markings were made from aliens but the NASA scientist said it was just a natural landform and some of the pictures were made from the shadows. On April 8, 2001 it was a cloudless summer in Cydonia, Malin's team got an " extraordinary " picture of the Face because many people such as the theorists said maybe the alien markings were hidden behind the haze.

In the second paragraph NASA was excited to see if the Face was something sensational and the article says " Scientist figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia. " the only thing that made this one stand out was it has shadows that give it facial features such as a nose, eyes and a mouth. NASA soon showed the picture for all the people to see with a caption telling them what it was. NASA would not show the picture and make up something if the Face was really created by aliens.

In the very last paragraph the article tells us what the picture actually shows from what the scientist at NASA have gathered. Paragraph twelve says " What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa- landforms common around the American West. ". The scientist are telling us that the Face is just a landform, as a NASA scientist there is a lot of information about the Face and it was not made by aliens. NASA has got many photos of the Face and have also commented about what made it look like this. 