Schools are a place of learning and advancing your skills like math, science, and writing. Schools were made to educate children and help the children if they are struggling in any subject. As schools advanced and provided many opportunities, some of the opporunities negatively impacts the student's learning like distance learning. Distance learning is another way of learning that lets the students take classes at home by using online chats or video conferences. Schools that offer distance learning as an option do not benetfit the students because lack of real communication, lack of performance, and distraction at home.

Schools that give distance learning have a lack of real communication between student and teacher because the student can't receive specific details or help from the teacher through just a computer. For example a student that needs help to setup a lab at home can't really get the help he or she needs compared to the students that are in class and can ask direct help from the teacher. Kids also lack of communication within students and could negatively impact the learning process. For example a class is given a project and it has to be with partners, it makes it more difficult for the other students to learn and get the assignment done when they have somebody in their group that is there but not physically there to perform. Schools that give out distance learning are having a negative impact on student's coummincation.

Schools with distance learning may see lack of performance of students who take distance learning because kids are given a opportunity to slack off a bit at home. Although, not all kids will slack off it gives the opportunity to slack off, especially to the kids that get distracted easily and aren't really focused. An example of lack of performance is students can get distracted by anything at home which impacts the students performs on his or hers work for school. Distance Learning through video chat isn't alway promised to work out, things like techincal difficulty could happen and could lead the student missing steps or important information for an assignment leading the lack of performance. Lack of performance is a possibility of distant learning although not all student will be not be affected but a majority will be.

Distractions at home definitely impact negatively on the students learning and work ethic because many things at home can get in the way of the student's education. For example problems at home ,like family issues, can be a distraction and get in the way of the childs learning. Entertainment at home is also another distraction for students who take distance learning because entertainments like tv and videogames are available to the student. If the student has a pet, like a cat and a dog, it could be a distraction to the student's learning because the pet might try to play or need to use the restroom during the student's video chat. Responibility at home are also a distraction at home because some students might have choris to do and might be fully focused if that's in the back of their mind. Distraction at home can vary and definitely have huge negative impact on the student's learning and performance throughout the video chat.

Distraction at home can be anything like responibility at home, entertainment, and pets and have a bad impact on the student's learning and performance. Lack of communication is a negative factor to the student's education and benefits because theres a no student and teacher lack of coummnication and lack of student communication. Student who take distance learning have a lack of peformance because of distractions and personal issues that may be going on at home. Although, not all student will have a poor performance but majority will have a poor performance and damage their education. Schools that off distance learning as an option for students do not benefit because lack of real coummincation, lack of performance, and distractions at home.