Dear Principal,

Did you know that 90% of kids going into college get into the schools they want to because of academics as apposed to athletics.

I agree with creating a policy in which students must have at least a B average in order to be allowed to play sports.

Three reasons why I think this is a good policy is because it would force kids to try harder in school, get better grades, and allow them to have a better future.

To begin, some students are naturally gifted in school and have no problem doing well in school and playing sports.

Other kids either struggle or slack in school and aren't able to be successful in both school and sports.

This policy would benefit kids who are receiving an average of a C or lower on their report card.

It would force them to get better grades if they wanted to play sports.

Over 1/2 of high school and middle school athletes wouldn't be meeting the expectations of this policy.

If this idea was enforced than many athletes would be able to have more choices in which college they go to.

Also, many kids are smart but don't try in school because they are so preoccupied by athletics.

This is reason that many kids playing sports have worse grades than kids who aren't playing sports.

Lastly, this would force kids to study and do homework before they go to their game, match, or practice.

This would help kids to better on quizzes, tests, and unit exams helping to reach the B average that the policy asks for.

Moreover, kids would get better grades if this policy was enforced in schools.

Kids with averages lower than a C would need to get better grades in order to be able to continue to play the sports that they wish to play.

Having this rule would cause kids to care about academics as much or even more than athletics.

This would force them to either get better grades and continue to play sports or quit sports and continue with a C or lower average.

Lastly, if students are forced to get better grades if they wish to continue playing sports then kids wouldn't have the choice of whether or not they get good grades.

They wouldn't spend time worrying that if they get an A that people will think that they're too smart.

Instead they will be trying so that they can continue to play the sports that they like to.

Lastly, if this policy is created in our school system then kids will be forced to get good grades and develop good learning skills from a young age, thus helping them to prepare for high school and college.

They will have a good work ethic going into college and hopefully continue to always try their hardest in school and everything they do.