Have you ever wanted to be in a club but were afraid of meeting people? Did you ever think about expanding your mind in trying something different or challenging? Or, maybe, you just wanted to join ceramics or drama? Many of us, especially teens, worry about talking to new peers of ours. so we never try it. If we never attempt to go the extra mile to do something, we might miss out on the chance of meeting a life long confidant. After-school activities guide us into doing things out of our comfort zones to enjoy many unknown hobbies. These special groups provide such enjoyment and laughter to thousands of children. I agree with the decision that all students may participate in at least one extracurricular because it takes away unnecessary stress, gives new topics to learn about, and students can make new friends.

First, learners should take at least one extracurricular because it removes unneeded stress. For example, it creates an enjoyable part of school at the end of the day. As every teacher knows, students don't favor school very much and adding an exciting aspect to it will let them relieve all that built up information about tests and homework. Also, this provides a way of releasing all stress by having a specific time that contributes to doing so. When kids don't go straight home and start their homework, they feel more at ease and relaxed about their schoolwork and don't feel pressured. Furthermore, clubs let young thinkers forget about the crazy nonsense that might've occurred at school that day. Maybe students got sent to the office and are worked up about that, this assists them by going somewhere where no one judges you and keeps you as calm as possible. Therefore, removing stress is a big factor on why learners should participate in an extracurricular.

Second, these activities give new topics to learn about. For instance, many young adults might be unsure about their interests, and they could make it clear for themselves. You might believe you hate art, but when you join the school club for it, it could be your dream profession to become an artist. Everyone will be able to discover their passions at their own pace. Additionally, if a person wants to be apart of a cultural learning group, it will grow their mind to understand different races and nationalities to compare to their own. While attempting to understand a unknown area, children enrich their knowledge of the world. Moreover, teens can have an opportunity to talk and address issues that are not taught in the classroom. They might touch on World War II in History, but if they want to go into it more in depth, World War II Club will provide them with that. In summary, extracurricular gives brand new items to go deeper into, which helps in the many ways listed above.

Lastly, people can make new friends. Many professors and parents believe that pushing our kids to meet new peers is wrong and shouldn't be accepted. They say that they should gradually build up the courage to speak up. But why not head start them into the path of publicly speaking to people they don't know. Many children haven't been taught how to be confident, so I believe adding these activities will add that to the curriculum. When put in these groups, students are exposed to others with unique backgrounds. They all can share their own point of views to start up collaboration, which can lead to becoming best friends forever. Another point is the freedom of seeing people outside of your classes is added. When you have a pattern of saying hi to a variety of colleagues, you make more connections that could possibly last a lifetime. Introverts also have the chance of conversing very often. They are sometimes misunderstood and handing them a way of being understood might let them open up a bit. All in all, knowing new faces and personalities could create a way of adding friends.

In conclusion, I agree with the decision that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it removes stress, it promotes the making of new friends, and gives a variety of topics to learn about. Every teenager should go out and try something they haven't. They should understand that this new rule actually benefits them in ways that they never even noticed. You need to take risks to have new experiences in your life to look back on. "New and "different" might be scary words to hear, but sometimes change and interaction is fascinating. Just take that leap of faith, and everything will work out in the end. When you join that ceramics club, all your fears of people and challenge will go away. Your mind will expand, and it could turn out to be your passion.