We've all heard Nike's catch phrase slogan is "

Just Do It

," but not everyone feels it's that simple. Some students may need a little nudge because they are afraid or nervous to try new things. All students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it will look good on applications, is a good use of students' time, and it will teach them valuable traits.

Participating in extracurricular activities will look good on college and job applications because it will show you're not afraid to try new things even if you're not amazing at them in the beginning. Trying new things can seem scary at first, but it's always good to push past the anxiety and just do it.

Secondly, when colleges see all the clubs and teams you've joined, they'll see that you have multiple skills. When they see that, you'll have a better shot at being picked because they will most likely want someone who is well-rounded, rather than someone who's only skill is drawing lopsided circles.

Lastly, if one of the extracurriculars you participated in relates to a job you're going out for, and you list it on your application, you might seem like a better fit for the position since you've already had experience in that area. Like if you took a culinary class and later applied to Chick-Fil-A, you'd seem more qualified since you've already done something with food.

All lot of students don't realize it now, but the classes you take in high school, especially, can actually affect your future.

Being on a team can help build positive traits in students. For starters, they will learn the value of team work and how to collaborate with others and how to communicate with their teammates in a way that is calm and clear. Learning how to work well with others is an extremely useful skill that will take you much farther in life than just middle or high school.

Additionally, students will learn the responsibility of how to carry ones own weight and do they're part to not only try their hardest, but also to work in a way that reflects well on their teammates. Gaining this notion of responsibility will help in school for doing group projects, later on in life at work for doing your tasks efficiently and well, at home for doing your chores so that your home can run smoothly, and so much more.

Thirdly, students will learn the importance of persevering through the difficult times and that just because things aren't going the way you want them to in the moment, doesn't mean you should just give up. Rejection and failure are, unfortunately, a big part of life that aren't going to be leaving anytime soon. You'll got knocked down and around a lot in this lifetime, the important thing is how you get back up.

Responsibility, teamwork, and perseverance are great things to learn, but there's also so much more you can gain from doing extracurriculars, if you want to know, go try an extracurricular yourself.

Some people might say doing extracurricular activities is a waste of time and will only distract students from their studies. However, this is not always the case. Not all extracurricular activities happen after school, some are actual classes that happen during regular school hours. Since this is true, it's also true that taking an extracurricular will give students an opportunity to learn about things they are interested in without, in fact, wasting their time.

In conclusion, all students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because participating in extracurricular activities looks good on college applications, can teach student's valuable traits, and is a good use of students' time. Not everyone is always willing to try new things on their own, but in taking an extracurricular they aren't alone, chances are, half the people there are trying something new right along with you.                                   