All of our lives, many people have talked about how there would be flying cars in the future.

You see it in countless movies and shows, the most popular probably being Back to the Future.

Unfortanatly, the flying car is yet to be made. However, many companies are working on driverless cars. Cars that you can just get in and they will drive you where ever you need.

As amazing and unbeleiveable as this idea sounds, is it worth the risks?

To be able to make a safe car that runs on its own seems very difficult.

It is not something that can be made overnight.

In fact, Google has made and is still working on driverless cars since 2009.

So, this idea has been around for long enough, but why do we not see any driverless cars on the road today?

No company can seem to make a car smart enough to drive itself.

BMW annouced

3 years ago the development of "Traffic Jam Assistant." This car can drive in speeds up to 25 miles per hour, althought the "not-so-driver" must keep his or her hands on the wheel, and they are alerted when they must take over driving. Meaning that they must pay atttention at all times.

So what is the point of these so called "driverless" cars if they are not completley "driverless"?

This idea can totally change the world. Although, should their really be driverless cars on the roads if they are not COMPLETELY self-driven?

Maybe not.

What if someone isn't paying attention to the road then suddenly the car is put in a situation where it doesn't know what to do, forcing the "driver" to spring into action.

This could be deadly.

Plus, what if people forget how to properly drive after years of a car doing for them? Then when they do need to take over the driving, their driving skills may be rusty, and they defininatly won't know what to do in an advanced situation, such as if the car was skidding and/or going off the road.

Leading to many injurys or even death.

With that being said there are still many injurys and deaths with people opperating cars.

So you may say that the argument is invalid.

Although,

you can teach humans to be carful in a car, and yes we make mistakes, but humans, unlike computers, can adapt to complicated situations.

Driverless cars seem very helpful, but is it really worth the risk of death.

Would you really put you saftey into the hands of a computer?

The negative seems to out-weigh the positive.

Not saying that it is an impossible idea, just very unrealistic.

Maybe they should just start working on flying cars instead?