In "Driverless Cars Are Coming," technology shows just how far it has come. Mankind has passed up cellphones and televisions and now we have self driving cars. What is the point in not utilizing this great invention? Although driverless cars may seem to have a few faults like within the laws, driverless cars are are a brilliant, safe invention that everyone should own.

The first and possiby best reason for people to adapt to driverless cars is the car's safety. Now in driving, little human error can occur, Ulitmately leading to safer roads. The only time there could be human error is when people actually take the wheel to back out. It is also proven that they are safer becuase the test automated cars have not crashed yet. This achievement may be credited due to the sensors on the car. Compare the crash free cars to the amount of crashes involved with humans everyday and driverless cars seem like a nessecity.

Today we have GPS and other systems to help us reach locations, but those are not always pefect. They can give false direction. Also, people can and will still mess up with these devices because humans are full of flaws. The answer to this again lies within driverless cars. Humans can mess up any dirrections but if people could just tell the car where to go and it took them there then the problem would be solved! Imagine no more getting lost or not noing where to go. The driverless car can do just that for humanity.

Some may say, "what happens when there is a crash? Who is at fault" The simple answer to this is whoever is controlling the vehicle is at fault. "How would anyone know if the person or car was driving." Another simple answer; install a camera that shows the driver and the driver only. This way, people could find out who was actually in control and caused the crash thus removing the flaw of the driverless car.

The driverless car, some thought it would never be a reality, but it finally is. This car proves to be safer, can stop people from getting lost, and has no more fault within the laws behind it if it were to crash. The car that requires no driver is here and people need to utilize the opportunity.   