If their is a important thing my school should except, it is to have students involved with other activists, and if you want to know why I think it is a good idea, then read this. Since the principal has brought it to the schools attention that he will pass a rule that will effect the students everyday life. He wants us to chose if we want the change or not. Everyone in my school has voted and both sides are tied, so they want me to give the final say on the matter. I agree with this change because, it may provide experience in my future, it can expand my social and teamwork skills, plus it can tell me if I enjoy the club or activity that I signed up for.

The first reason I agree with the principals decision is because, it can expand my social and teamwork skills. One example it can improve my teamwork skills is by joining the student council and make big school board decisions with my team. Another example is that garden club can boost my social skills and find common interests with other people in a calm environment. And when I am older these skills will be important when you have a job of my own.

The second reason I agree with the principal is because, it will provide some experience in the future. One example is how it can provide some experience is by going to a club or activity where it explains important information about college and jobs. Another example is if I want to learn how to play chess with another person in the future then I would want to sign up for a chess club. There are many clubs to help and to guide other teens on the right path if they give it a chance.

The last reason I agree with the principles decision is because, it can tell me what I like and what I do not like as hobbies. One example is, when I was in forth or fifth grade I was in girl scouts. I did not like earning patches, so I stopped going to it. Another example is in seventh grade I found a club based on college and I loved it so I wanted to go to more activists like it.

In conclusion, I agree with this change because, it may provide some experience in my future, it can expand my social and teamwork skills, plus it can tell me if I enjoy the club or a activity that I signed up for. This is why it is a important thing that my school should except that students should get involved with more activities. So my vote will go to the change the principal offered. I wonder If a principal from another school declared that the students of the school would need to take part in one activity, what would the students of the school vote for.  