I am against the development of driverless cars. I am against these cars because they are not completely independent, they could cause accidents, and they will develop conflicts between the manufacturer and the driver. These cars could cause a dramatic change in the driving society.

I am against these cars because they are not completely independent. "They still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues." This means that the driverless cars are not compatable to fully being able to drive alone. The driver in the car would have to be alert when a situation has approached. If there was an incident where the driver was not paying attention or the signals would have not went off , the driver would have never known to take over, which would cause serious incidents. The driverless cars should be able to be commited to the road fully.

Although the Driveless Cars are tested, they could still cause accidents. Accidents could occur if the driver is not aware of the car being in need of help with specific traffic issues. Also, anything could go wrong with technology. These cars lack human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. These situations could cause an even more devastating effect.

Furthermore, these cars will cause conflicts with the law between manufacturers and drivers. Laws would have to be changed in order to fit with the development of these driveless cars. If a situation occurs and the driver is hurt, whose fault is it? If the car is driving, will it be the manufacturer? Or, if the driver is in control and there is an accident, how would anyone have known? These cars should be more reliable.

In conclusion, I am against the development of driveless cars. I am against these cars because they are not completely independent, they could cause accidents, and they will develop conflicts between the manufacturer and the driver. These cars could cause a dramatic change in the driving society.