All of these articles share the central idea of minimalizing pollution where most of it comes from: cars. In the first source, they talk about how a city was created where cars are nonexistant, and people walk everywhere, a city called Vauban. This city is in Germany and consists of 5,500 people in a sqaure mile area. Doing so in the creation of this city has cut down a major part of pollution in the surrounding area.

These methods of erradicating as much pollution as possible are making a substantial amount of progress, considering the densities of these cities and countries participating in this pollution expuslion effort. In Paris, France, they had an entire day where cars weren't allowed to be used in anyway or a massive fine would be administered. For the first day, people with even numbered liscene plates weren't allowed to drive, then the odd numbered the next day. Many people complained and didn't even go to work those days. Many trucking compaines complained about a loss in revenue and being behind on work, and dozens of people were drastically fined. This did cut down on the amount of smog in Paris, though, and really cleaned out a lot of the city. It had gotten so bad in Paris that the pollution levels were around the ones in Bejing, the most polluted city in the world.

In Bogota, Colombia, driving was also banned for a day, but not because of high pollutions levels in the area, but because the city feels they should do their part in helping the enviorment. Every year they set up a day when they won't drive, no matter rain, snow, any inconvience at all, is overlooked. They feel that the enviorment is more important than getting a little wet or being a little too cold, all of which are never permanant. The only form of car-like transport allowed was city buses, which even then weren't used very often besides by children or the elderly.

America is also doing their part in eliminating pollution, but are completely unaware of their doing so. The younger generation of America doesn't feel driving is at all of an imporance as other generations do. Many of these people don't have a drivers license and aren't planning on doing so for a long time. America has generally passed it's peak driving point in 2005 and is slowly decreasing in the purchase of cars, and drivers licenses.    