We have all been in situations were we need advice. Whether it was for school,relationships, or even financially, people always ask more then one person for advice. This is because while asking for advice, seeking for multiple opinions helps you make better decisions. Reasons being their perspective, lifestyle, and experience.

First off, in order to make the best decision when you seek advice. Make sure to have people with different perspectives. Asking people with different perspectives is important since only one or two people will have blind spots in the way they see it. They may be missing a big part of the story with only two people hearing it. That is why it is curtail for their to be many perspectives to hear what you need advice on. Another reason is the different perspectives could be all the advice they may need. Many teenagers get mad when getting yelled at thinking their parents are stupid and do not know what they are talking about. With the different perspectives this grants people to tell the teenagers that their parents love them and the advice they seek is not how to handle their parents, but how they should listen to them. With more perspectives, it also leads to more ways to see a situation. If a teacher yells at her student constantly for no reason, many people may say it may be due to a bias, racism, or even being sexist. When you seek advice the different perspectives grant the student to see that it is not bias, but the teacher is harsher on him because they see more potential in him. This is why when you ask for advice, you need more perspectives.

The second reason you should ask multiple people when seeking advice is the persons lifestyle. When most people buy furniture, the two main factors are appearance and price. When people seek advice on which couch to buy. Most middle to lower class folk would decide on what had the best looks for the most reasonable price. On the other hand, richer cases would not care to much for the price and mainly focus on the looks. This is why when asking for advice, make sure to get it from people that have the same lifestyle. Another reason when seeking advice lifestyle is important is the area you live in. If someone from the north is asking their southern friend if they should buy a Nissan Quest or a pick up truck, the southern friend would obviously say pick up truck. Although for them it makes scene, it would be foolish for you buy that. Thats why when you ask for advice, asking multiple people insures you get people with the same lifestyle. Imagine what would have happened if the northerner would have only asked his southern friend on which car to get. But since he asked many people he got advice from people with the same lifestyles and got him the better car for him. Finally, when seeking advice, make sure to have the same personality or were raised the same as some of the people asked. If someone was at the store and consider buying junk food while on a tight budget, most older children would say to save the money while younger children would please themselves by buying the junk food. An example in school is if a student asked for advice on a class he wants to focus and pay attention in, if he only asked a bad behaved kid, he will tell him to not even care or pay attention. While if he asked his whole class, we would get advice from other students that care too. In order to get the best advice, make sure to ask many people to ensure to get advice from people with the same lifestyle .

The final reason you should ask multiple people when seeking advice is their experience. Although sometimes people feel like they are the only ones stuck and in trouble, many people have been right in the same situation. Many people struggle with money, and asking for advice with an many people with experience is an excellent way to solve that. You need to ask people with experience, not just one close friend. Another example of this is if you were hurt by a friend or partner. Although many people keep to themselves when this happens, asking for advice from many people with experience could help since they were in the same situation at one point. They may also have a safer approach to your issue. For example, if someones girlfriend cheated on them, they might want to egg her home and throw toilet paper in her yard. Well, they decide to ask for advice from many people and someone with experience said not to. They said to relax and think about why she did this instead of acting out in anger. So they decided to settle down and reflect on how they can improve their self character. Finally, experience helps while asking for advice since they usually have a better understanding of your issue. So back to the example of being cheated on, he thought he was worthless and it was his fault. But since he asked for advice from multiple people, based on peoples experience it showed them that she was toxic and used him. The experience reassured him and made for a healthy break up. Getting advice from multiple people and gathering their experience is key to getting the best outcome possible.

When seeking advice, having multiple opinions helps you make better decisions. Reasons include their perspective, lifestyle, and experience. These are the main key factors needed while seeking advice from different people. From now on, when you seek for advice, make sure you ask at least five different people and include different perspectives, same lifestyles, and experience. 