Hey, take a moment to ask yourself this specific question Do you think students and/or scholars would benefit from at home learning? With that being said you have your answer and keep that answer in mind, but don't stop there I want you too continue on with this essay and take a look at my point of view and at the end of this prompt I want you too ask yourself again Do you think students and/or scholars would benefit from at home learning and see if your answer is still the same. To continue on with my position in this argument is I believe students can benefit from at home learning. Why? you might ask, is because not all students learning method and/or process is the same so some students may need extra help or may take a little longer to understand the material or some students and/or scholars simply just doesn't learn well in a public school environment. For example, students may be attending a public school, but find themselves not succeeding for multiple reasons such as not being able to understand the material, getting easily distracted, and/or simply because they may not be comfortable enough to open themselves up to the process of learning. Therefore, students may go home and talk to their parent/guardian about there school struggles and the parent and/or guardian takes action by starting off small with a at home tutor and the child finds him and/or herself opening up to the process and understanding the material simply because their in a comfortable/familiar setting. Wait, it doesn't stop there the child then takes the initiative to try online classes or video conference with someone who specializes in home schooling and then realizes that at home learning is what is best for them and their education. With that being said that's why I believe at home learning can benefit students and/or scholars. However, there are some people who believe at home learning would not be beneficial, because they fear that students will get too comfortable with being home that they may not take it as serious or that they will become lazy and would not be as driven to do the work because their at home in a comfortable setting. Therefore, to continue to back up my argument and/or point of view studies have even shown the major in increase of the at home learning rate increaing another 50% in the United States simply because students and/or scholars feel their at there best when their in a familiar setting open and ready to learn. In conclusion that's my position in this argument and why I believe that it's possible for students and/or scholars to benefit from at home learning. Lastly, before exiting this essay referring back to the question I asked in my opening statements has this essay changed your opinion and/or outlook on at home learning and/or if you had a child would you be comfortable with then participating in the at home learning process?