Dear Principle TEACHER_NAME:

I believe any student that has a grade above a D or E should be able to play sports and other activities. This reason is because i have a grade C average and at least we are passing our classes and maybe we just need a little bit more help with the certain classes we are struggling with. Also a lot of students are having a lot of stress put on them by parents or what they are going through at home with there families. So i think you should cut us some slack and i think if we put all that negative energy we have at school or on our grades or at home could be made into positive energy when we put all that into something positive like a sport we like. Also i think it would motivate us to do better an get better an it would keep a lot of kids from getting into trouble after school or at school. Especially if its something they really want to and like to do. It keeps kids out of trouble. C is a passing grade so i think it would be really fare to let us who have Cs participate in healthy good activities. And i for sure know that some really good athletes who have everything good for that certain sport that would make the team noticed or the school noticed most likely has a C in our school. I would think it would be okay because teachers say they care so if they care so much then they should let us participate in something healthy and good like that to keep us from going down the wrong path and i think it would have those students more influenced to do better in everything then such as grades and activities. This why i think that kids with grades C average should be able to participate in sports and extra curricular activities.

Also i think a lot of parents want there kids in certain sports or just sports period and the certain parents know C is a passing grade and i think they would be very upset by that because parents know its something they want and it will create a positive influence on their lives and a good future because i know a lot of parents strict like that. So these are the many reasons why i think students with Cs should be able to play any sports or activities.

Sincerely ,

STUDENT_NAME