When people ask for advise they often ask more then one person so they can get the best advise possible.

I think that people should ask multiple people for advise because they feel that different people will have different ideas about something, so if they ask multiple people they get good advise that is not flawed.

Some examples of people asking for advise from Several people are, when I wanted to get a new fishing rod one of the workers said that the one I was looking at was very durable, but then I looked up the reviews of the product online and people said that It broke within a month of them getting it. Another example is when my brother and I wanted to get a new shiftier for our racing simulator, we looked at a video of someone who bought one that we were looking and they said that they did not like it and that it was poorly made. After we watched that video we looked at some other videos on it and they said that it was one of the best ones you could buy for a reasonable price. One final example of why you should always ask multiple people for advise is when my family and I went to a karting shop to get some new parts that had worn on our karts, when we got there we knew exactly which ones were good and bad because we asked people at the racetrack for advise on which parts we should get, most of them agreed on what parts we should and should not get.

Some details of why you should get more than one persons opinion are that some people are bias with their opinion, for example one person might think that one thing is better to do just because that is what they do even though it may not be the best thing to do. Also some people may not have good advise for you if they never had to do something similar or they just dont know what you are asking them about. One more thing is that one person might just give you bad advise even if they dont mean to, so asking for lots of peoples opinions would be good so you have a higher chance of getting good advise.

I believe that you should ask for multiple pieces of advise so you get the best advise possible.