I think that using driverless cars are a positive thing. There are some negatives that come along, but everything has negatives with them. There are more positives to outweigh the negatives. I think it will be much safer and enviromentally friendly.

Just think about all the drunk drivers out there. With the driverless car you do not have to worry about anymore. There are also a very high amount of people that text and drive or just on there phone. That is a bg safety issue. Again, the driverless car controls everything so you will not have to worry about any crashes or accidents because of people on there phone.

It makes it easy to get places. There is a built in GPS, so the car already knows where to go. People get lost all the time because they dont know what to do or where to go. Yes the car does make the driver actually drive when there is a lot of traffic or construction, but by the time these cars come out I am sure that problem will be fixed. Even if the problem does not get fixed, the car will still have done most of the driving for you. It makes it so much easier on the people using the driverless cars.

The driverless cars are extremely safe. There are sensors all over the car to show it how close thing are, when to stop, and where to go. There is another sensor that uses satellites to give it a map out of the car on the road, and the roads at all time. That is an axtraorinary device.

The car only uses half the amount of gas that a normal car will use. That saves the owner of the driverless car a gigantic amount of money. It is also safer for the environent. If only half the normal gas amount is being used, then it is a geat thing for the Earth. There will not be as much drilling and sucking out of the gas. That will give the Earth more time to get more gas and it will last much longer for us to use.

There are some negatives with the driverles car. If there is to much traffic, construction sight, or just something the automobile cannot handle then the driver will have to take over. That is a problem because why would you need to have a driver driver a driverless car? The cars still are noot fully ready and prepared to be used yet, so that gives the manufacturers more time to fix all of the flaws. There could be technical problems with the car, but that comes with anything there is that is new. There are most likely a couple years before these cars will be ready to sell, so that leaves a lot of time to fix all the problems and flaws.

These driverless cars seem to be very safe, easy to use, easy to maintain, very helpful, and good for the environment. These driverless cars will be a ginormous help for everybody that is on the road. They are definitely a positive product for the world.