In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify and act on human emotions. It reads a person's facial feature and identifies their emotions. For example, if particular person sees an ad they don't like, the computer will read their expression upon it and acts quickly to make them satisfied. This technology can definitly be useful to students.

Everyday in a classroom a student will stop paying attention because they are confused or bored. In the article, it tells how the computer will try another strategy to get the student back on board with the main topic. This could be by making it into a game or maybe showing them a video that will help them understand the subject. This is an amazing technique to make sure no student falls behind.

There are so many ways that parents use to get there children into learning without any complications. Many students take online classes so they can go at their own pace. Most parents try to get their kids home schooled so they feel more comfortable with their surroundings. Some parents even get their younger children who have not been enrolled to school yet, started on the learning proccess. And although some websites might be helpful it does not always work out in the best way. With the new technology the computer, it willl be able to sense what the students pay more attention to, what the students are more interested in learning about. And with that, the computer will be able to find a way to get the students more on board with the learning proccess.

Many students have some big problems in their life and some people won't be able to help them. However, if the computer knows how to make them smile or feel better about themselves this might lead to a decrease in depression and teenage suicide events. With this new technology teenagers may not even have to worry about what is going on in the social media websites. They wiill be doing things that make them happy or satisfied with their life. This will be a major decrease in cyber bullying.

This new technology called the Facial Action Coding System will have a major impact on not just students, but with every teenager who has trouble staying on track in and outside of school. This technology will enable students to be able to learn at their own pace with their style of learning and with some extra help, This will be very valuable to students everywhere.