With just one word your whole view of something could change in an instant. I believe if you listen to multiple opinions you will make better choices. It could be changed from making a tough decision by listening to others or by being open to different view by listening to more than one opinion.

One way asking for multiple opinions can help is when your making thought decisions. One way is multiple opinions can help tell someone the pros and cons. When you are deciding on getting something expensive someone would want to have a second opinion on that so they would go and look at review to get a better idea of if it is worth it or not. When someones deciding on doing something but cant get that one thing that will convince them enough another opinion can tip them over to see whether or not they should or should not. One opinion can dramatically change someone position. If someone feels like their opinion supports one side but then hears about somebody else opinion it could change there opinion in an instant. With that opening up to a different opinion in a hard situation can help a lot.

With having multiple opinions when someones deciding on something they can show different viewpoints on that situation which could help a lot when deciding on something. One way that could work is if someone sees a different view you can see different experience someone had with it like if someone wanted to buy something and looked at all the reviews of that item they could have a better understanding about what there getting. Most people opinions are very valid opinions that cold persuade someone but sometimes another persons opinion could persuade them even more than the other one for example if someone is trying to get advice from someone but there advice really did not convince them well enough but then went to another Pearson who did persuade there opinion. If someone only gets one opinion then they will not really know about it enough to make a good decision. Say that someone wanted to become a lawyer but the only view they got from it was that it pays a lot but if they had gotten another view point they could have learned about the struggle of getting to that place. If people can open up to other opinions they can have a easier time to make there decisions.

Finally the last way that it would be bad to not get a second opinion is not knowing the other side that could affect someone in a bad way. One way that it would be bad is that someone might not know about the other view. If someone only listen to one opinion they will never realize about the other opinions people have that could make them have a valid decision. A viewpoint can persuade someone without them realizing the other side. If someone opinion is a strong opinion that could be the only thing that they need to be persuaded without realizing about the full thing. My last point is that only seeing one view can affect on how someone look at that one thing. If someone looks at a doctor and think that they want to be one so they can make a lot of money but never had someone else voice there opinion and tell them that its a very hard thing to accomplish than they will never realize it until it is too late for them. to close that out people should always be open to multiple opinions.

In Conclusion having multiple opinions on something could make them have a better choice on what to pick from having an opinion on making tough decisions, multiple opinions show different viewpoint, and only knowing one side can affect a decision in a bad way. If more people just instead of being self centered start to be open minded and have other peoples opinion flow threw there heads then there lives would change for the better.