Phones & Driving

Nowadays, most people have a cell phone and use them in everyday life. People own cars as well. Imagine mixing the two, phones and cars, using the mobile devices while driving. That doesn't seem so smart but most people do it anyways and it's very dangerous. "Why is it dangerous?" you may be thinking. Maybe you're just changing the song playing because it's an annoying one that just started and you don't liked it, maybe someone texted you, maybe your mom is calling you. As simple as changing the song, texting back, or talking to someone on the phone sounds, it's very dangerous. Doing so is known for causing most car accidents today, if the impact is bad then it could lead to death.

Using a mobile device while operating a vehicle is illegal and you'll get pulled over for it if you get caught by a cop. As bad as it already is, yes, hundreds and thousands of people still do it every single day. Maybe the person doing so didn't get pulled over or didn't get in a car accident, but one never knows when that is going to happen. That day can happen sometime today, or tomorrow, or sometime next week. Whether one is bored in traffic, it's still not a good idea to be using the phone.

As for having a hands-free Bluetooth device, that's the only possible outcome for one using a cellular device while operating a vehicle. A Bluetooth is a source of operating a connection between anything, in a vehicle, most people use the connection for their phones so they can drive without touching their phone so they don't have to let go of the steering wheel. Having a Bluetooth is a very helpful and beneficial device to have inside a vehicle.

People tend to think you should be able to use your phone while driving, not for texting or phone calls, but for directions or a GPS. If one is using their phone for directions to a place then that should be okay. They don't have to be holding their phone as well which is even better. The person with their GPS on, can purchase a phone stand or phone holder that they can install inside of their vehicle. The benefit of having this is that it's both safe, and affordable. With the stand/holder being safe, no phone has to be held with one hand and the other on the steering wheel. One will just have to glance at it for a second or two so they're aware of where they're going. As well as being affordable, it won't hurt purchasing one from your nearest store, it's found inside many stores and pharmacies. Some cars nowadays come with a Bluetooth installed already in the car, so if one's car has it or not, there should be a consideration in purchasing one.

In conclusion, using your phone while driving is very dangerous, but that's why there are Bluetooth and hands-free calls now which makes everything better and safer. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones while operating a vehicle, unless they have a Bluetooth device, which either way, they have to be safe and careful for their safety.         