Should all summer projects be based on the students, and how they design to make it more fun and the learning interesting? I believe they should be able to choose what they want to do for their project because it makes learning more fun and they can do the following for a great project idea which is a community project,fundraiser for charity,and or project by the end of the summer of what they learned throughout by experiences on how learning through the summer can help them for school next year.

An example of a project if the students chose to do will be a community project. This will show students how to help and take care of the environment around them,however, helps them show real live problems. Students doing a community project can help their learning, by looking at whats all around them and a supervisor can ask them questions or so asking if they can use what they learned at school, by what they learn in their classes if this can help them in the future. Their project doesn't have to be based on just fixing up a community with others; it depend on what type of community outreach they do in order to get the same based learning like school provides. One reason why this is good idea for students to be a part of, is because during summer break in order to have all students not forget what they learned an have them keep learning will be doing something in the community that benefits a struggle that you have in a subject. My example for this is when I struggle in history, I find a place to volunteer to help proceed with my history in a historical buildings and learn about the past history. That is probably one of the best things to do in order to keep every kids brain active in the learning process.

The other option for students, would be a fundraiser for charity, it helps them to learn and understand how to manage money for events, every student that does this project will be able to learn how to conserve and how money making works if they don't have a job to show them. The objectives of this would show all students when they plan something good for the public around them to help others in need that can't themselves, also by learning mathematics as well along the way. Not only they will just be helping people in need, but they will have to learn the concept of real life word problems for math. If students ended up doing this their skills for math will be better because most students can't figure out word problems that comprehend will real life situations. All students should not take advantage of this because if your struggling in a math class, fundraisers for a certain charity will help you how to do adding, subtracting all of it even when it comes to managing money to give to the cooperation for a sale to help others in need. This would be the best student-based project over the summer for students who struggle in math in order to help and make it more easier when it comes to solving afterwards will benefit them in mathematics as they get older.

The other alternative projects students can do will be a a project they can show to the class or school, from what they learned over the summer and how their experiences benefited them outside of school to have them learn better. They can make what they learn fun for others in their presentation to show they had interest in learning over summer break. It will show teachers that the students picking their projects, makes learning more fun and they are able to do get the material how they learn it by them taking the initiative of completing the assignment. Because if the whole summer project was based on the teachers picking, the students won't get enough of material out of it if their not having a decent bit of fun completing it. A students pick is better at what they comprehend because most kids learn a different way then others, so them accomplishing the summer project how they want to do it will benefit them. They don't always have to do something to help others to learn about a subject,because everyone learns differently. Community projects can helps some people on what they struggle the most and some may not help others at all, the same with fundraisers for a charity where you have to learn to mange a certain amount of money to give others. Everybody is different how they learn but if they show the experience from either one of the other million options for people to learn things that will help them the most.

I strongly believe that everybody has a various of methods of how they can choose a project to learn over the summer if the students really put their mind to it and show effort. Students can show teachers that they don't always need everything to be based on what they want and how they want us to learn, because if the student is going to want to learn the material provided,their going to have to find their own ways to comprehend and learn. But most service projects will really help someone learn by just helping others, and thats what the best thing for people to do in order to understand the curricular fundamentals.                 