The people want what the people want. My idea is supported towards popular vote due to how unfair Electoral college really seems. My claim is that, popular voting is more fair, most liked and the people get what they want.

I believe that the idea of a popular vote to elect the president is a way better idea than Electoral College. In Electoral college your vote actually goes to the electors of the canidates, and they get to elect the president. So in a way people don't really get who they vote for. " When you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidates electors ", proof there to tell you the president you want is not really who you're voting for. " Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election like we have now " direct evidence that shows more people want a direct vote so they arn't being lied to, get worried or even angry. The winner-take-all system really had an effect on the people in the past due the way some states could never see the candidates so they knew that they had no chance of winning. Now Electoral College may be unfair and outdated but some people still support it and like the ways of it.

The Electoral College is considered an anachronism, or just not fit best for the present time. Basically each party selects electors and then they vote for that party's nominee. The winner-take-all method is really what the Electoral college is all about, what is does is gets voters in toss up states to pay close attention to the campaign and on average are the most thoughtful voters and on average usually decide who will win the election. The Electoral College usually balences the voting considering large states gets more attention from presidential campaigns then a small state would "... restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states  lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the constitution ". Although some people want a political reference rather then one single vote deciding on who the winner of the election is.

In conclusion I agree more on the side of a popular vote rather than the Electoral College. It just has a more fair advantage and it supports my claim, popular voting is more fair, most supported and just overall better for the time being. The people want what the people want.     