The invention of driverless cars is a really good idea. The driverless cars have many developments and improvements. Driverless cars can alert drivers to when something bad is about to happen. The cars are eco friendly because they use half the fuel that taxis use today. With all of the improvements it has, these cars will be one of the safest cars on the road.

With all of the improvements on the driverless car the car will be safer. They have invented a track that sends signals to a reciever on the front end of the car. The reason for this is the senors to alert the driver. The senors tell the driver what is all around them. They have developed senors to help alert the driver whne something bad is about to happen. The senors have become more advanced, and are able to detect and respond to the danger of out of control skids or rollovers. The information from the senors can make the car apply the brakes on the individual wheels and reduce the engine's power. The most important piece of technology is the Dubbed LIDAR. It uses laser beams to scan 3-D images of the car constantly. This allows the car to have a better response and control than a human driver alone. General motors has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger. With all of the new technolgy being developed, these driverless cars will be safer.

The driverless cars will be a safer car. These cars have been driven more than half a million miles without a crash. The makers of these cars believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proved more reliably safe. The reason for this is the senors to alert the driver. The senors tell the driver what is all around them. Another reason these are good cars, is that they use less fuel than the average car, and it will have more flexibility than a bus.

Overall the driverless car is a safer car. It will have the new technology that the other cars do not have. The senors will help alert the driver when there is something behind them or to the side of them. The senors help make this car a safer car for all people. People all around would want this car because it is safe for children and other people. They should develope this car because it si safe for the environment and for other drivers.  