The use of cellphones today has increased dramatically over time almost everyone owns a cellular device and has become addicted to being on it. I think driving while using cell phones should be banned because of the many car accidents they are causing, it is causing a raise to people's insurance, and it is causing concern to people's health issues. The question is people more concerned more with their conveniences more than they are with their safety or safety of others. In the long run, it is deadly as well Cell phones are the omnipresent electronic device of this era, and multitasking is the word of this generation. Despite of the danger, people still use cell phones because they want to be always available and keep in touch with other people. Also, they think that handsfree set is safe because they can drive using two hands. Although some people support using cell phones while driving, there is evidence that they are dangerous and people should avoid talking while driving.

Studies have proved that drivers who use cell phones while driving are more prone to cause accidents. The National Safety Council reports that cellphone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year caused by from by texting. 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving while using a cell phone while drunk and driving, in both cases, a person does not have enough focus and mentally capacity to carry out a potentially dangerous activity like driving. Banning cellphones while driving will keep a safe distance from accidents. Texting while driving and other cell phone use while driving facts and statistics show that this multitasking behind the wheel is becoming a life-threatening norm. Talking or texting while driving or checking or sending social media posts takes eyes and brains off the task of driving. Coupled with inexperience and lack of driving skills, cell phone use can be especially deadly for teen drivers.

Another reason and perhaps a more tangible reason to ban the usage of cell phones while driving, is to prevent car insurance from rising. In society, money is tight when it comes to doing different things with the way the economy is now. If you can, try being careful because the money you put towards careless accident that can be prevented can be put toward a light bill, etc. The more the number of tickets you attract against your name, the higher the insurance will be. In recent studies companies are paying close attention to the link between cell phone use and car accidents and many auto insurance websites warn of distracted driving.

Opponents whose work depends on a cell phone like lawyers or businessmen say that they always have to be available to answer the phone to keep their business running. However, because of their habits, they can create dangerous and hazardous situations like a collision or an accident. Business issues can be stressful and dangerous while driving because it can cause emotional reactions that can lead to tragedy.

Because of the conversation they might get upset and this can lower their driving ability that can lead to lose control over the car. So if people don't make a decision to put away their cell phones their routine can harm innocent people

Everyday people die in car accidents because they use cell phones while driving if people don't give up cell-phones the number of fatalities on the roads will still increase. It is people's responsibility to not incur their own and other people's lives.   