In today's world, there are more ways to communicate with others than ever before. One of these ways includes online classes for students in school. Instead of going to a school building every day and learning with a teacher and other students in a classroom, students can now take classes online wherever they have access to the internet. This type of learning allows for students to move through the course at their own pace throughout the school year and does not come with the social anxiety that being at school can bring. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home as they provide students the ability to relax, don't bring as much stress, and let students have more freedom during the school day.

Being stuck at school for nearly eight hours a day is taxing for students. Spending all that time learning with little time for breaks can wear someone out. By the end of the day there is little appetite to use common functions of the brain to do more school work and sometimes homework. Having an online class can alleviate the wear and tear the brain goes through by spending some parts of the school day relaxing. I can speak on this topic from personal experience. In the fall of 2019, I had an online class period in my schedule that was dedicated to working on a class that was taught online. During this period, I was able to work on the online class, while also catching up on work for other classes, all while being in the comfort of my own home. Having that time to myself to be able to relieve stress from the day put me in a better mood for my other classes as I was able to decompress and take some time away from others. The amount of school work that is given each day can be too much to handle and can overwhelm students, while having an online class period can calm nerves and give students the ability to focus on their well-being.

Anyone who has gone to high school in the United States would say that there is lots of drama involved. In the age of technology, there is now drama stemming from social media that always seems to unravel once the drama reaches school. Taking an online class from home would separate classes from the drama building up at school, as the classes would be taught online. For instance, if drama that initiated on social media broke out into a fight at school, someone taking an online class would not be participating in any of it, as they would not be at school, but would still be learning. Taking the drama out of learning could alleviate the stress that some students have when at school because of an issue surrounding their friend group. Stress is a main cause for students falling behind or not focusing on their school work, as they are thinking about something else and not doing work when they should be. Taking an online course from home would allow students to free their mind of drama and focus on their learning.

Students in high school always talk about wanting to get to college because of the freedoms they want to experience by living on a college campus. Taking online courses can help prepare students for life after high school, by allowing them to work at their own pace and participate in the course from home. In my experiences, being able to take a break from school during the day and head home for a class period has provided me with the experiences I need to be successful while enrolled in college. Knowing what time to be back at school and what would be appropriate to do during an online class period can teach students self-awareness and help them prepare for their future lives. However, some may say that giving students too much freedom during the day could be a recipe for disaster, and could set some students up to fail the courses they have at school, as well as their online course. If students are not taught how to set aside their time and plan, while being able to be unsupervised, then the schooling system is setting these students up to struggle in the real world once they leave high school. Allowing students to work at their own pace in online courses teaches them to prepare ahead and stay on schedule. Giving students more freedoms while they are in high school can prepare them for the future while also handing them valuable lessons in how to manage time and work.

Participating in online classes provides many more opportunities for students to learn successful traits that will aid them when they are on their own in the real world. Allowing students to take online courses from home instead of at school gives students the ability to relax while also letting them free their mind during the day. The stress that being at school gives would be alleviated as students would not have to focus on drama occurring within their friend groups. Having an online course period also allows students to practice skills such as staying on task and knowing where to be when can give students a sense of freedom during the school day. Providing students the ability to take online classes from home allows them to have time to themselves, to focus on their school work, and to prepare them for the future.