Is it possible to be too passionte about something? This author wrote an entire article on how challenging but worth it, it would be to visit Venus' crtiical atmosphere. How well does the author describe, or explain, their own opinion? They support this idea very thoroughly by these three things: The idea that life could have lived there before, the conditions are inhumane, and the fact that it could gain insight and can settle our curiosity.

To start, the idea that at one point in time there has acutally been life living on that planet is crazy. In paragraph four, it talks about how at on point there may have been big oceans like that are similar to the ones on earth. We think this because there are many rocky surfaces, such as valleys, mountains, and craters, that can only be formed from water eriodication. When you even look at it, it just look earth like. Obviously it has changed over the years but you can't rule it out. Is it possible there were living things on this planet at once?

Secondly, now the conditions are inhumane. How did they get that way? Paragprah three is all about what it is like on Venus. The temperatures now rise over eight-hundred degrees Fahrenheit. The air is absolutely unbreathable as it is made up of ninety-seven percent carbon dioxide. Not only is there carbon dioxide floating around in the air, the atmosphere is mostly made up of sulfuric acid which is very toxic to be breathing in that much. The air pressure on Venus is ninety times deeper, or stronger, than the bottom of sea level. If we even tried ot land on Venus none of the metals would last in eight-hindred degrees. There are also many impediments such as erupting volacnos, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting. Minus all these problems we would have to find a way around, the author believes that it is still worth it to visit Venus.

Lastly, we would gain so much insight and our curioustiy could be settled. Paragraph eight talks all about this and about how this could open the doors for us to learn new ideas and come up with new technology that could even help up here on Earth. They also state in paragraph eight to support the idea that despite Venus' risky conditions it would still make a worthy pursuit by saying, and I qoute, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." Which I interpret as do not let these conditions scare us. We are so smart and we can be creative and find a way around all of these 'problems'.

In conclusion, how opinionated and factual can someone be? How do you know to balance these two things? At times we have to be one-hundred percent curious about what we are writing about because you don't want to write an article on something you don't care about or find important. Overall, how detailed and opionated was the author? In the end, I think that the author did a great job at explaining why they think it would be a worthy pursuit. Do you?