I strongly believe that drivers should not be able to use cellular devices while operating a vehicle. For one it causes accidents, secondly it could cause them trouble and create problems on their end, and last but not least it's a Georgia rule. There's almost one thousand accidents every day due to driving while being on a cellular phone, in fact that's how a lot of people lose their close ones. These are my reasons on why I feel that drivers should not be able to use any type of device while operating a mobile vehicle.

You could be having one of the best days in your life, and all it takes is one look down and that could be your life right at that moment. Texting and driving has one of the highest death rates any one has ever seen. Think about whom ever else life your putting in danger just by looking down at your phone. It may cause you to react, then once you react to the situation it may cause somebody else to panic, and just like that everything's out of place. Honestly you would strongly regret the problem that you could cause so let's put the phones down.

Playing with a mobile device could truly hurt you at your own sakes. Imagine driving down the freeway, and then you end up in a ditch. Maybe even just running into somebody in a head on collision all because you look down for a hot second. Next the cops would have to get involved, your family would be hurt, or even the family of the victim. This could create problems for yourself. It could create something so big you wouldn't even want to drive anymore, or maybe even make you paranoid. Keeping the phones away saves a life every day.

Last be not least texting while driving is an officially a state law. You don't want to cause problems for yourself just because you wanted to text you friend back. I'm pretty sure your dreams and ambitions are way more important that sitting behind bars because of a stupid text message. It wouldn't even be necessary, to have to pay a large few for a ticket, or even have to attend court when you could just have put it down until you got to your destination. So let's obey the laws and do what's right.

In conclusion I know that we have talked about, the trouble cellular devices can cause. It's something that I feel we just shouldn't be allowed to have when driving, it causes consequences and way too much other commotion. Think about not only your safety but others before you make a call or shoot a text. It all lies on you and the decisions you make, just rely on the right ones to keep you from tickets, and trouble. But these are my reasons on why I feel that it is not an good idea and should not be allowed.                   