The dispute over keeping the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote has been going on for awhile. "The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress." (Source 1). However not everyone thinks this is fair. "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." (Source 2) So as a result, it is not the people voting for their president, but it is the slate electors. Voting should be based off of popular vote because theb electors might not always be picked fairly, the "winner-take-all system," and what happens when there is a tie.

"Who picks the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, sometimes the presidental canidates themselves." (Source 2) This can be a problem because voters can not control who their electors vote for, because now the decision is in their hands. Also, voters sometimes will get confused about the electors and then will vote for the wrong canidate. The electoral college is also unfair because of the winner-take-all system. According to source 2, "Canidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races."

Another common concern in the electoral voting process is "What happens when there is a tie?" If there is a tie, the election then goes to The House of Representatives where they then have the state delegations vote on the president. This is your country, so don't you want to have a say on who runs it? "Given that many voters vote one party for president and another for Congress, the House's selection can hardly be expected to reflect then will of the people." (Source 2)

In Conclusion, we should change voting to popular vote. "It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational." (Source 2) The Electoral College is not always fair, and at times can be uncertain. As the people we should be able to vote for our president, and not have to leave it up to The House of Representives to make the right choice for us.    