As you may know many people believe that a aliens have created this "face". I am here to inform you that it is not. First of all if aliens did create it w ewould have seen some in the picture/s, secondly there just isn't any/enough evidence to prove the accuisation, and lastly we, as NASA have plenty of evidence that this was not created by such cretures.

First of all there is not way that this face was created by living creatures. If they did we would have evidence like seeing forms of some type of homes or just the creatures themselves should have shown up but indeed none did.

Like in the passage "Unmasking the Face on Mars" it includes "So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" But in fact there was nothing like this noticable in the close up photograph. The text also includes "that it was a natural land form. No monument at all."

Secondly, people with these conspiracys have little to no evidence that there could be any living life on face/mars. They wouldn't stop with their theories so NASA took it into consideration and went out there again, even though it is beyond hard to find it.

But it was on a sunny day. Still, there was no sign of living creatures nor aliens. However In the passage it states "Some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars-Evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists." Which I could see why some people would believe that NASA would want to hide amazing information like that. They could think that the people of Earth are not ready to quite that out yet. Then again thats just a bunch of non-sense. If scientist did find another place where living creatures could live, that would be a big discovery. Too big to even hide.

Lastly NASA has a lot more evidence to prove that it is jsut a natural landform other than a hidden alien planet. Like one thing from the article is "A few days later NASA unveiled the image for all to see. The caption noted a huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illision of eyes, nose, and mouth. The authors believed it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars." Also the author includes "Scientist figured it was just another Matian mesa, common enough around Cydona, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like a Egyptain Pharaoh." So there is much more evidence to comply with NASAs theroies than the conspiracys.

In conclusion its pretty obvious that this is just a natural formation made to just look like a human face. The evidence makes it a clear choice. So this "face" is just a landform and we all have to come together and learn how to accepted what it gives us because no matter what its not like we can change it.    