Its a great idea to participate is the Seagoing Cowboys program because, it is fun seeing all the places ,and taking care of the animals. It is a long trip ,but it is so worth going. You won't even get board because, there is still activities to do on the ship.

It is such a good idea to go and participate in the Seagoing Cowboys program because, it is a splended journey seeing all the sights and the beautiful outside. It is not only fun seeing te places ,but you might be able to even go and visit the places you go and stop at on this journey. Sure it might sound boring because your on a ship for so long ,but it is so worth it once you get on and go on the journey.

This journey is not only about sight seeing but also about taking care of the animals. You might be thinking why would I join just to take care of some animals ,but what I think is that it is teriffic taking care of some animals. If your still not agreeing with me I will support my oppinion so you can understand. It sees in the story, Luke knew it was an opportunity of a life time, so he went for the journey. It also sees in the story, but being a Seagoing Cowboy was much more than an adventure for Luke Bomberger, it opened up the world to him. He sees, "I'm grateful for the opportunity.' "It made me more aware of the peple of other countries and their needs." I think I made myself clear that it is much more better than is sounds ,and it touches your heart going on this adventure.

This propgram takes a while to reach its destination but while your on the ship you feel like time goes by fast. The activities you can do on the ship are as followed; you can play baseball and vollyball games in the empty hold where the animals had been housed. Table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling. Those activities also help pass time.

I really think you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program because, it is fun seeing the places they go and visit, and taking care of the animals, not only those things but feel your heart being touched on this amazing journey.       