My palms were sweaty. I felt my face getting hotter by the second. My throat was closing in. I could hardly breath! I was so embarrassed. I knew I needed to ask for my friends opinions on my dress for the dance. I believe that getting multiple opinions can be helpful, beneficial, and has the best outcomes.

I asked my friend for her opinion on my new dress. She said "It looks amazing on you!"

I still didn't feel like I looked good in this dress. I kept asking more of my friends opinions on this dress. I got the same reaction as the first time. I was so confused. So, I thought I could ask my mother. My mother told me that "The dress was making me look like a young lady," and then she started to cry. After what happened with my mother I decided to wear the dress to the school dance. It was very stress releaving to have more than just my opinion. That is why asking for multiple opinions is extremely helpful.

When I wore the dress to the dance I got a lot of compliments! At first I didn't see the beauty in myself. I was blinded by the pressures of middle school and trying to fit it. Over the years has broke down the confidence and self esteem I had when I was a child. When I was little I did not care what other peoples outfits looked like or what the latest fashion trend was. All I thought about was recess, play time, nap time, lunch time and snack time was. So, my friends and mothers opinions helped me see that I looked very flattering in this dress. If I didn't ask for their opinions, I would have put this dress back on its rack. In my case you could say that it was beneficial to ask for more than one opinion.

The night of the school dance was scary. I walked into a crowded room with loud music. As soon as I walked into the room everyone was staring at me, even the DJ had stopped playing the music. I was so terrified and perplexed! I was never used to get this much attention from my fellow peers. I was always the girl who sat in the back and I always just felt invisible. I could feel the tension in the room. All of the boys looking at me, and their girlfriend jealous of me getting their boyfriends attention. I just froze like a statue. I would not move. My friend kept trying to drag me to the dance floor but, I just stood in the same spot. I was still trying to comprehend what just happened. Then the music started to play again. After the tension had died down I went out and started to dance. Throughout the night of the dance I got a lot of compliments. My confidence and self esteem was at it's highest just like when I was little! I felt like invincible and that nothing could stop me! I can't believe that I was going to put the dress back! Thankfully, I asked for my friends and mothers opinions, and didn't put the dress away. So, I think that asking for multiple opinions has the best outcomes.

Due to asking for my friends and mothers opinions I have a higher self esteem and confidence in myself. I could not imagine what would have happened if I did not ask for more than one opinion. So, I conclude that getting multiple opinions is helpful, beneficial, and has the best outcomes. I hoped you enjoyed my paper. 