In the artical Making Mona Lisa Smile the autor tells you about a new type of technology called the Facial Action Codeing System. It helps computrers identify human emotions. Do you thinks the use of this technology to read the emotinal expressions of students in a classroom valuabel. My opinion is that all computers should get this system because like what the passage said "A classroom computer could recognizes when a student is becomeing confused or borad." I completly agree with this becaus most all schools now are useing computer. So if we are learning off of a comperter that can recogniz when i am confused i think that i would have better grades because the computer would adjust itself so that i can learn it another way that i might understand better. Also i think that this would just be cool to have because it could also detect when you are bored. so when and if you get bored during a lesson the computer could adjust itsef to make the activity or lesson more appeling to the eye.

But the down side of this is that it can only recognize certain emotions such as happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. But what if you have a diffrent emotion than that then what will the computer do when that happens just keep going how it is or will it try something new. By this passage i have learned that every thing in this would is changeing and that new technology is comeing out. But will this Facial Action Coding System really help children and teans lean new way that they understand i don't know but for now I agree that all computers should get this system becaue i know that if it really works that the pasage says that it does then i know that i would understand lessons in school way better than what i do now because it will adjust to how i like to learn and waht i find boring in the lessons that i am learning. So i that the use of this technology to read emotional expressions of student in the classroom would be ver valuabe. And could chang the world of learning forever.  