The Electoral College is not a fair system for voting and shouldn't be continued because of a few major flaws. There is no guarentee that the president with the highest votes will be elected. Also, the system isn't balanced among all of the states. Because some people know these things, potential voters have decided it isn't worth it if who they elected isn't gaurenteed to win.

People vote because they want to be able to choose who will be their president, however the Electoral College doesn't allow the elective with the highest votes to become the president. "Voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." Also, just because the people vote for electors for a certain president, the elector can still vote for whoever they want to. "'Faithless' electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please."

The system also is not fair to different states. "The popular vote was very close in Florida [in 2012]; nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral votes. A victory by the same margin in Wyoming would net the winner only 3 electoral votes." The larger states give more votes so they are usually given more attention by presidential candidates.

Lastly, the people who know that their votes are just suggestions have been turned off from voting. Maybe they know they have a candidate "who has no hope of carrying their state." I have noticed that some citizens are not qualified to vote because there are some who vote carelessly and do not carefully construct all of the things the electives are saying and how it could benefit or harm our country. However, there are some people, like the one's in the "toss-up states", who, in turn, "are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign--to really listen to the competing candidates--knowing that they are going to decide the election." Just because some people choose not to take it seriously does not mean you should take the right away from everyone.

These three reasons are key points as to why I think we should take out the Electoral College and begin letting the people decide who will be the president. It's not a fair, balanced system. There's no guarantee that the person with the highest number of votes will be elected, and, because of that, it can turn off potential voters from having their say on who the president should be.    