I belive that they should change the elections to elections by popular vote for the president of the United States.

The electoral College consists of 530 electors, tey choose the president by a vote in congress or "qualified" citizens. A majoriy of 270 electoral votes are required to elect a president, therefore in my opinion a popula vote would have mor meaning, beacause it's more people the vote would be chosen fr the mayority making the rest of the people satisfied. The number of citizens all togete versus the number of the electors at the Electoral College is superior; the people are te ones that follow the law might as well let them choose he president thats going to run the country and establish laws.

The electoral college system prevents us from voting for the presidet directly, instead they make us vote for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the pesident. For example if you were to live in Texas and wanted to vote for a president you'd have to vote for a slate of 34 elector of that political party that are pleged to him or her, on the off-chance that those electors won the statewide elections. The electors get picked at state conventions, the states party's central committee and sometimes the presidential candidates themselves. Also electos can be anyone not holding public office.

Furthermore the best argument against the electoral college is the disaster factor. Americans should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 disaster was he biggest crisis in elections that century since the system allows much worse. Consider the fact that the state legislatures are in a way responsible for piking electors and those elector could defy the will of the people back in 1960; what tells you that they stopped doing it?

The electoral college system has a lo of flaws and they can choose if they want o do what the peopl think is best or just take mater into their own hands and do as they plese.

In conclution its very clear that they should get rid of the electoral college and just let the peopl vote directly fo the president. That would cause less drama and would prevent fiascos in the elections.                                                                                 