Phones and driving

As times shift and humanity as a whole evolves it is evident that today in the present the vast majority of the population has some sort of possession and usage of cell phones . With that being said it should be noted that although cellphones are a crucial part of many individuals daily routine , there is a time where the safety of both drivers and pedestrians comes first .

Due to that reason along with plenty more ,drivers should not be allowed the usage of cellphones while operating any sort of vehicle as it poses a threat to the driver and their community as a whole .

The most important reason why cellphones should be prohibited while driving is because of the hazards it poses to drivers

. Reports show that one in four automobile accidents are due to texting while driving that in the past year alone is estimated one million and six hundred thousand accidents due to cell phones. Adding to the importance of this subject teensafe. com states that on the daily there is,

about 9 fatal crashes due to distracted driving

! All which could be prevented if individuals knew the prompt time to use their devices and if laws further enforced the hazards and prohibition of cellular devices while under the operation of a vehicle .

Not only does distracted driving create a danger to the driver but also the surroundings of the driver which can be detrimental . Experts compare the use of a phone while driving to drinking while driving because of the amount of time the drivers eyes are off the road ,this can further visualize the threat a distracted driver can pose to pedestrians and other drivers . When texting while driving you are far more likely to be in an accident , be at fault for an accident both to another driver or pedestrian , and cause damage to community infrastructure. Also in psychological studies it has been proven that the human brain is not capable of functionally multitasking that along with how driving could already be a danger it simply does not result in anything positive over a simple distraction which could wait, something life cannot do .

In conclusion , as distracted driving becomes more and more common the hazards should be emphasized far more and the act alone should be prohibited . No good comes from the use of a phone while driving as doing so not only is the driver at high risk but so is all of their surroundings which includes other drivers and pedestrians. Distracted driving or texting while driving is the number one preventable cause of death in america that alone explains how big of a problem the use of cellphones and driving has become .Moving forward it is crucial for drivers to be engaged on the road and to know when the prompt time to use their cellphones is as it can be a distraction which could wait ,something in which life cannot do . The safety and well being of yourself and others is far more important than anything a phone can provide, solely for that reason the use of cell phones should be prohibited while operating any sort of vehicle

Works cited

"Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving." Edgarsnyder. com, www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html.

Teendriveadmin. "Texting and Driving Crashes Facts and Statistics." TeenSafe, 19 Feb. 2019, teensafe. com/texting-and-driving-crashes-facts-and-statistics/.

Hamilton, Jon. "Think You're Multitasking? Think Again." NPR, NPR, 2 Oct. 2008, www. npr. org/templates/story/story. php? storyId=95256794.

Stewart Law Offices. "Is Texting While Driving As Dangerous As Drunk Driving?" Stewart Law Offices, Stewart Law Offices, 4 Jan. 2020, www. stewartlawoffices. net/is-texting-while-driving-as-dangerous-as-drunk-driving/.      