School is something that almost everyone goes through, so why is it that if someone misses a day they just fall behind? Being able to take a class online would fix this, when a student misses a day they can turn to the lesson online, instead of waiting until their next class to try and catch up. There are many students who miss a lot of school, for several reasons, the top reasons are for sports, sickness, or vacations. There are also many students who get injured, though they can still come to school, it may be hard for them to get around, and would be easier for them to stay at home.

Many student-athletes, like myself, happen to miss a lot of school for their sport. Most sports require a lot of traveling, especially when competing at higher levels. Tournaments can be long sometimes, and then a day of the tournament may fall on a school day, and students usually leave for a tournament the day before, depending on how far the destination is they may leave earlier. Personally I miss quite a bit for tournaments, especially when they're every weekend and Im having to leave early. Some of my classes I fall behind in, because there isn't really a chance for me to come in to make up the material, when both me and the teacher are busy. Online classes would allow me the chance to make up the classes I missed during a break, or if available, download it for the trip to the tournament, or back from the tournament.

In Spider-Man Homecoming, the main character, Peter Parker, happens to accidentally miss quite a bit of school. He travels a lot in the movie and appears worried when realizing he's going to miss school. Though it doesn't show whether or not he does have the option to make up his classes online, its implied that he is going to get behind from missing a day or two of school. The movie shows how worried he was over missing a few days of school, he panicked a little when he thought about it, if he had the option to make it up online though, he probably wouldn't have been panicking over it so much. Allowing students to make up classes they miss online, would avoid them falling behind, they also wouldnt stress over when they would get the chance to make up the work.

In Harry Potter, though they might not have the technology at the time, it seems that each class they learn a lot, so if a student misses, then they're just super far behind. In this case being able to do the lesson online would allow for the students to never fall behind the rest of their class. Though there are some teachers that prefer getting to teach a student that missed their class, there are many that don't have the time for that, as well as students who can't make it in early or stay late sometimes. Allowing the student to complete the lesson online, saves both the student and teacher some time, though the student may have questions after since they can't ask during the lesson, they could still ask once they go back to school, or email their teacher.

Though there are people who say that it's best for students to learn at school, because they can ask their teachers and other students for help. Online school doesn't really allow students to collaborate with each other, but there are many student's who learn better that way. Also, if a student is to miss school, at least they have the online class to refer to, instead of just falling behind.

I believe that schools should offer online classes, as it seems like it would help any students who miss lots of school to stay caught up. Sports and getting sick are only two things that can cause a student to miss school, there are many more reasons that a student may miss, such as vacations that people may go on early. There are also students who get sick really easily or are accident prone, allowing them a chance to do their work online helps to make sure that they dont fall behind. Online school would minimize the amount of work a student has to make up when they get back, and allow the student to enjoy their time more, instead of worrying about school constantly.       