Scholarships and large gateways into professional careers are just two out of the main things that can stem out of extracurricular activities. Meaning that with these activities large opportunities can arise. I agree with the principal's decision to require one extracurricular activity because these activities are all opportunities to meet new people and make new friends, colleges love those who are in after school clubs, and requiring one activity is a chance for many people to try new things, open new doors, or just practice doing something they already love.

Extracurricular activity are all opportunities to meet new people and make new friends.

Often in high school and middle school sometimes some people don't have many friends.

These clubs and activities are gateways to making life long friends.

When in high school or middle school one might find themselves in the middle of drama. Activities such as sports and being on the student council give those in the drama a chance to work it out and become friends. In sports such as football and soccer, teammates must rely on one another to win the game. Forcing someone to join team sports forces them to communicate and eventually form a friendship that could last forever.

Friendships are important more than ever in world where it is one man for himself so anyway to gain new friends is very important and should be done.

In the US, there is an ever rising price of going to college, after school activities such as sports and being on the student council provide great ways to obtain scholarships. Scholarships are money given to a student who excels at either academics or sports. They provide a way for a person to go to college for free or a discounted price depending on what type of scholarship they get. In towns where student's families are often very poor and can't afford college, sports or academic scholarships are the only way that they will be able to go to college. Academic scholarships are the harder of the two and student council or editor of the school's newspaper is a great thing that colleges love seeing on an application.

Sports scholarships open a door to professional sports after college, in leagues such as the NFL, MLB, NBA, and NHL. Academic scholarships are what get some of the smartest people in the country to college, thus providing them a way to pay for their education while preparing them to soon be a part of the workforce. Scholarships are crucial more than ever due to prices rising, so anything to help obtain a scholarships is important.

Requiring one extracurricular activity provides people with a way to try new things, just have fun playing, or do the things they already love.

For many people they might have never considered joining the student council, but by requiring one activity is gives these people a chance to try something new.

They might then start trying to join the student council for the next several years. There are many sports to try and these extracurricular activities give one the chance to try them all and decide if they will continue on into high school with them. If they choose to continue on with one of the sports they tried out then they will open the gate for scholarships depending on how good they are. Even if someone already plays the sport they can still have fun and practice or get better at their chosen craft. With practice someone only gets better, so even if they are already playing in another league or already taking a class on the activity. They still can be presented with a way to get better. New things can mean new opprutunities to get better or find out whether or not someone is good at something. It also can mean just having fun and finding a great way to destress in a very stressful world.

I agreed with the principal's decision to require one extracurricular activity and still do.

Firstly, these activities provide a way to meet new people and make new friends. Secondly, colleges love seeing when people participated in these activities such as sports or joining the student council that can lead to getting scholarships. Thirdly, by requiring one activity it becomes a chance for many people to try new things or just practice doing something they already love. Without these activities many people who are enrolled in colleges all over the country would not have been able to afford getting their education or might have never found that one thing they love to do.                                