Most people like to have the opportunity to do things their own way. Students should be allowed to design their own summer projects. Although it may be customary for teachers to design educational programs of this sort, it can allow students to display their creativity and ability to be independent when it comes to their own education. Students designing their own summer projects can get them to be more interested in what they should be learning, which can result in them being more motivated and enthusiastic for the upcoming school year.

Allowing students to design their own summer projects can give them more creative freedom. Some students enjoy making their own study guides and presentations because it allows them to contribute their talents and hobbies to make learning more enjoyable for them. When students have the ability to create something however they want, they are likely to be more determined in doing the task. It also gives students a break from the repetitive styles of teaching they are accustomed to at school.

The responsibility of designing a summer project can help students acknowledge their need to become more independent. If students realize the importance of completing their summer projects on their own, it can give them the push to strive for more by themselves. Some students may be used to getting answers handed to them, but having to do it on their own can inspire a new sense of desire and maturity.

Teachers are more accustomed to creating things like this, so they would have a more knowledge on what is and is not important for a student to be creating and learning by themselves. It could be easier on the students and teachers if teachers assigned an outline on what they expected to be learned by students over summer. However, teachers fail to consider there are alternative ways to learning that help can students compared to how they would expect it to be taught. This will give students the opportunity to explore new ways of learning independently. This can also benefit teachers by seeing where their students are individually and how they can handle projects like this by themselves.

Students designing their own summer projects can improve students love for education. Students will be able to experience a new kind of independence. Furthermore, since students are the ones expected to complete this summer project, it would only be fair if they were allowed to design it in a way that benefits them. 