Home school is starting to become more popular thanks to computers. Now with online classes students can take online school instead of coming to a school classroom. But is it the best choice for students be allowed to take school online. Students would benefit form being able to attend classes form home because they can pick their own time when they start, have more choices of classes and can still learn during crises.

Picking what time to start school would be a benefit of why students should be able to attend classes from home. For some students it could be hard to wake up at six in the morning to go to school because, of that some teen fail classes. It could be because, they were working all night to help their family with their money problem. With online school student could now start school at ten in morning and have a job later in the day so that they still get job exertions and help their family. It will also get rid of the problem of not being able to go to the bathroom and being hungry during class. Now they could just get go get a snack or use the bathroom. Some may agree, that Student will juts waste their time doing something else. However, with online school parent would be able to check when their kid log in in and for long and also what they have done.

Having more classes to choose form would benefit students taking classes form home. Student would able to pick form more classes online then in school. For example, a kid want to learn about how to build a car or robot., now they can pick more classes based on what they what to do later in life. Schools can not have every avablie classes because of space, but with online now they could take classes that would help them in the future. Also, most adults do not thing that things they learned school were helpful like for example why do we need to learn about pie in math. It would better if there was more classes to choose form help them out in college. Some may agree, that student would take all the easiest class to finish online fast. However, some student may need to take easier classes. One reason could be that they have a learning disable so it is harder for them to learn. also could that they want to not go to college or just want to go to trade school ,so do not need all the harder classes.

Students would benefit form being able to attend classes form home because they can still learn during crises.

With the Coronavirus out there right now school are scambing to find away or student to still learn while not spreading the virus. The humans who where already learn for home do not have to worry about nothing and it is also harder for them to get the virus. With diseases and viruses school are one of the fastest ways to spread them. will it take is one kid to have the disease to it around spread the whole school and then everyone gets it. With online school it would be harder for kids to get the disease. Some may agree, that there other ways to spread disease too. However, there are other ways to spread them, but schools are the biggest way. With schools gone it would take way longer for disease like the Coranavirus to spread around the world.

With being able to pick our own time when they start, have more choices of classes and can still learn during crises are reason why Students would benefit form being able to attend classes form home. If we do not act now another virus could pop up and stop student form learning. Also with a limited of choices of classes more and more people will just think school is useless. This is why we should just move on to home school.                                    