Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home of way of online or video conferencing. There's an ongoing debate over if students should or should not attend classes from home. There are those who argue that students should attend classes from home, but they are wrong. Although some may disagree, students should not attend classes from home.

There are a variety of reasons why students should not permitted to attend classes from home. As a student in high school I understand that it is hard to make friends, so by going to school with other students I, like other students, have been developing these social skills that will be needed in the future. Throughout my years schooling there are multiple events that the students will have to show these set of skills: presentations, speeches, projects, all things that will never be experienced from at home schooling. With social skills there are people, and interacting with them can be joyful, when having a good time. Students at my school enjoy spending time with each other during sport practice especially. Practice for sports or electives are entertaining because you get time to do something that interest you and some time to relax from a stressful day at school. When apart of a team, band, or choir there are games and performances that are not able to be taken part of when home schooled.

There are additional reasons why students should not attend classes from home. All students have a different learning tactic, for myself it is through music. Not all student can be home schooled because they are not able to learn through a computer and fully understand the lesson being taught. When this occurs the student is expects to contact a teacher which is not always possible. When I am in need of help with a lesson in my classroom I can simply walk up to my teacher and get clarification on the lesson; however, when you are home schooled it is not that easy to where you can do that.

Even though some may disagree, students should not be allowed to take classes from home. Students should be prohibited from taking classes at home because they can not develop social skills, may not be able to get the extra help needed, can not experience taking electives and being in programs. There are those who argue that students should be able to take class from home, but this is not true. Ultimately, students should be able to experience school with other students and make memories that will be cherished.