To most students, school is like a black hole that they would do anything not to fall into. Kids go to school and sit for seven hours, and then go home and do almost the same thing. It's not healthy for them and it makes them dread school even more. Students are constantly falling asleep throughout the day because they don't have anything to look forward to, and that makes them feel as if school isn't as important as it is. If they don't have any fun, then they won't try in school whatsoever. If students are doing extracurricular activities, they'll be way more active and less tired throughout the day. I think that students should be required to do an extracurricular activity because it will get them involved in their school, it will keep them active in many ways, and they will learn more about everything around them.

First, Extracurricular activities will get students involved in their school. For example, they'll be representing their school. You're representing your school in any activity you pick, but you especially if you're playing a sport. Sports teams are like little families in the school, and the people playing on them love their teammates and love the place they're playing for. If all the kids are required to do an extracurricular, and get to choose to play a sport, they'll get to meet lifelong friends and be the face of their school. This can make students love school so much more than they used to. Next, they will also be just as involved in their school if they do an activity like yearbook. In yearbook, you're constantly learning about the kids in your school and all your surroundings. Most kids barely get to know half of the people in their grade, but if they're learning about the people around them, they can get to know almost everyone. Finally, it'll be a chance for them to make new friends. As I said, most students barely get to know everyone they go to school with, and a lot of times they're to shy to try to get to talk to new people. When they're put in a club or an after school activity, they learn how to communicate with others. Clubs could help so many people make new friends.

Secondly, it will keep students active in many ways. For instance, playing a sport would be very good for any and all students. Constantly moving and exercising would help them stay active and fit, which is good for everyone. Most of your years in school you are required to do physical education, but sometimes you're barely even moving during the class. Sports will keep kids much more active than any class could. Also, being involved in an activity like student council or yearbook would keep their brains running and being used. They would always be coming up with new ideas and working on them/figuring out how to pursue them. When most students go home, they shut off their minds and are barely using them, causing them to not be as prepared to use them the next day. If they have to stay after school for student council or yearbook, they'll still be using their brain. Lastly, students will actively learn communication skills. Communicating is so important in your life and will forever help you. You can't be in a club or play on a sports team and never learn how to communicate, because of this they will actively be learning new communication skills.

Finally, these activities can help students be more confident. First off, some students think that they are alone in this world and that they is no one else is like them. If students join clubs that interest them, it'll show them that they are not alone and that there are other people that are similar to them. Even if they aren't doing something they're familiar with, there will be other kids that are also trying it for the first time. Second, clubs and groups teach them how to talk to people. As I have said, you can't be involved in a group or on a team and not communicate with them. If students are basically required to talk to other people during the activities, it'll boost their confidence and help them talk to new people on their own. Last but not least, these activities will show them that they are good at something. It is very common for young kids to think that they are horrible at everything, especially if school and learning isn't their strong suit. These clubs can show them that they do have skills and are good at something.

In conclusion, I think that students should have something to look forward to in school and not want to do anything to be out of going. They shouldn't have to wake up in the morning and dread going to a place they should love. This is why extracurricular activities should absolutely be a requirement. They have so many benefits and there will be many good outcomes. If extracurricular activities become a requirement, students will become more involved in their school and everything around them, they will stay active in multiple ways and constantly be fit, and these activities will help boost up their self confidence.