In the article ¨Driverless Cars Are Coming¨ it gives us information about how the future is coming up with a whole lot of knew technology, but they have there downsides. Although there are still some problems with the driverless cars, I think it would be a great invention. Driverless cars could reduce car crashes, it would be less expensive, less pollution and many more great features. There are some small bugs at the moment, but anything can be fixed.

Driverless cars could help cause less accidents because of all of the sensors it would have. Google´s modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimation sensorson the right wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive sensors, a GPS reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. These are the recent added technologies and if we wait a little longer possibilities are endless. They would help lessen the amount of crashes because the sensors tell you when things are around or in the way of the car. Driverless cars could help avoid accidents and although they aren´t fully capable of reducing all accidents they could reduce most accidents.

Gas prices have always gone up and down. No matter what car you drive it requieres fuel. Google cofounder Sergey Brin envisions a public transportation system that use half the fuel of today´s taxis and offere more flexibility than a bus. Driverless cars would be less inexpensive, they could economically help us. Gas prices will most likely not change but instead of spending 50$ on gas wouldn´t you want to spend 25$ on gas or maybe even 30$. Although buying a driverless car would be expensive and mostlikely cost you two arms and a leg in the end it would be worth it.

Lastly I feel like it would be the technology we need to better our future. It would look nice having cars that potentially save pedestrians lives and help the driver stay safe. Some manufacturers hope that by bringing in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. They also hope that some of the in-car systems could help reduce the amount of people who are on their phones while driving. This type of technology could save endless amount of lives and help better the world.

I feel like driverless cars could help many people. Especially as a teen and driving is new to them it could help because all the sensors would be there to help. Creating and legalizing driverless cars could help economically and safety wise. The world will never know whether this will be an actual thing or not but only the futere can tell, and I wouldn´t mind driverless cars driving around my home.               