"Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home?" Yes, there are many kinds of students that can not attend school due to many reasons. Distance learning is a good tool to use in school systems, because it helps many students keep learning and stay educated, but also holding the ease of learning high while at the comfort of their home. And finally, their are many perks of being at home rather than at a school.

Many students arent able to attend school for many reasons. Some being, they have been sick for weeks on end, and they need educational help so they can stay on track in school. Some students might be injured in some way that prevents them from going to school, and that could be anything from students being in a full body cast to students with major concussions. And lastly, for the students that are away from school for an elongated period of time. For example, if a student is in the middle of a move there is an amount of time where the student isnt in school. They can still learn with the assistance of their old school and keep the knowledge up while in transition.

One of the main reasons why online distance learning is so good, is the students are in a place where they feel comfortable and focused to do their work. Home is a place where they can be alone, do their assignments, and not worry about all the mini distractions that a public school classroom will bring. For the few students that learn better with one on one leaning, some schools offer video conferencing. Schools are limited to a time frame to get work done, but if your not in school you have the whole day to work on assignments without the worry of it being homework.

Lastly the best part about distance leaning is the perks of being home. If your at school, you either eat school lunch or you pack whatever you can fit in your lunchbox. But if your doing school at your house, who says you cant eat whatever you want. Another perk is breaks, In school you dont get many breaks, if any, while in the classroom. But in the other hand, At home all you have is time. That said, lastly, if you finish all your work early you are done and school ends early.

In conclusion, If a student can not make it to school for a period of time, online distance learning is a no brainer. The pros outweigh the cons buy a mile. Schools should start to implement this very useful tool into their school systems to help students stay educated even if they can't make it to school.                 