Just Put It Down!

I wondered if anyone ever thinks that cell phones would become a way of life. I wondered if anyone has ever been told that talking or texting on a cell phone while driving could be your last call or text to anyone. Cell phones are our way to communicate. Without cell phones we don't feel important. Cell phones and driving allows people to show off to their friends while driving.

If a cell phone can easily distract a person while driving than why are they in such big demand?

Cell phones and driving just don't go hand and hand. If you turn on the television there is somebody talking about the best cell phone company in America. Telephone companies should have some responsibility when it comes down to texting and driving. The telephone companies have commercials that make a person feel like they have to have the latest phone, with the latest techniques, and the best 5G plan. If people would just sit back and look at how my grandma said she wrote and visited family members growing up in the country. Do you know how far a country mile is from my house? A country mile is a long way. It would take me at least an hour to get from my house to my grandma's house in Columbus, Georgia. If I wanted to go to my grandma's house in Albany, Georgia I would be walking for at least two days or longer to get where I am going.

If cell phones are so great why anyone hasn't came up with a device to turn the cell phone off automatically when driving. Now that would be technology in the making! If telephone companies and car manufactures could come up with a smart car that would be something to drive. Just imagine riding down the road and you have to call your friend to let him know you just saw his girl riding wither mom in the car right next to him. All of a certain the cell phone goes completely dead when you try to text or make a phone call. There is no sound and no light on your cell phone. Technology would be great if that would happen while someone is driving and texting or talking on the cell phone, the phone goes completely dead.

2020 has proven to be one of those years we'll never forget. The texting and cell phone law went into affect in2019 and I still see people driving and talking. The law is supposed to punish those people holding a hand device like a phone in their hands while driving.

It's funny, the same people who are enforcing the law the police are the one's driving and holding a held hand device in their hands while on duty. Well, I see the police are the ones breaking the law by holding a hand held device while driving. . So, who is supposed to enforce the law that we cannot have any mobile device in our hands while driving if the policies breaking the law as well? I guess that is left up to anyone who wants to follow the law. People are dying each and every day from texting and driving. It's simple, just drive and talk later. I know people are going to say, "I'm letting my friend know I am on the way." Didn't you just call your friend to let them know you are on the way before you left the house? I feel that laws are made for a reason and they should not be broken by anyone. If no one is following the law than why do we have a law?

It would be so simple to just put the phone down and drive. Simple to just put the hand held devices down and drive in order to save lives. JUST PUT IT DOWN!       