Dear State Senator,

I believe that the Electoral College should be kept and not changed. With the Electoral College, the presidential candidates can not have trans-regional appeal. The Electoral College also reduces the risk of a run-off election, where no candidate wins a majority of the votes. A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral college vote is also less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. This system also encourages voters in toss-up states to be more thoughtful with their vote. The Electoral college also helps in balancing out the weight that large states with a large population lose.

With the Electoral College, no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. This not only makes the votes more fair, but it also encourages the presidential candidate to be desirable to all regions, not just one that that the candidate knows will vote for him. A candidate with only regional apeal would likely cause residents of the other regions to feel that their votes do not count.

The Electoral College reduces the risk that no candidate wins a majority of the votes and instead, usually produces a clear winner. An example of this, as stated by Richard Posner in his arguement in defending the Electoral college, is when Nixon and Clinton were elected. Both had only 43 percent plurality of popular votes, while winnning a majority in the Electoral College. The Electoral College also avoids creating pressure when no candidate wins a majority of the votes.

As said by Posner, voters in toss-up states who know they are going to decide the election are likely to pay close attention to the campaign and will be more thoughtful with their vote. They also will have received the most information and attention from the candidates. It also makes sense that the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election.

The weight in the political balance that large states with a large population lose is blanced by the Electoral College. An example ,given by Posner, is that the popular vote in Florida was very close in 2012, but Obama, who won the vote, got 29 electoral votes. The same margin in a smaller state would result in the winner getting alot less votes. This causes large states to get more sttention from candidates than a small state does.

In coclusion, I would like to say that keeping the Electoral College is a great choice. It will make presidential elections more fair and balanced than purely relying on a popular vote. The Electoral College produces more thoughtful votes, which inturn will result in the best candidate for the people to have as president.                       