Some schools offer distance learning as a option for students to attend classes from home. Students being able to take classes online or video conference will benefit the students. Some reasons online school would benefit students is won't miss any classwork and they can learn at there own pace. Many students would benefit from online learning and video conferencing.

First reason online school would benefit students is students won't miss any classwork. Many students fall asleep in there classes. Students falling asleep in there classes causes them to miss classwork or lesson they were learning. Online school would benefit student is they could sleep in so they won't be tired and they won't miss there lesson or classwork. Students also wouldn't have to worry about missing work because they sick or have a doctors appointment.

Lastly, students could benefit from online school is they can learn at there own pace. Many times students learn at a different pace than others. Some students learn fast and some learn slow. Online school allow students to be able to learn at there own pace and can take as long as they need. They also won't have to worry about having to listen to the lesson multiple times because the teacher has to repeat there selves.

However, many people will say that doing online school won't benefit the students. Most people will say that doing online school wouldn't benefit the students because they wouldn't do the work. Another reason people would say that online school wouldn't benefit the school is they wouldn't understand the lesson. Another reason is they wouldnt make any friends. On the other hand, online school would benefit the students by not being tired in class and they can learn at there own paste.

Most schools offer online classes or video conferencing with the teacher. Having online schools and video conferencing would benefit the student. Online school and video conferencing helps the students by letting them learn at there own pace and they wont miss any work. For these reasons online schooling and video conferencing should be an option in schools.