I think that the Facial Action Coding System is valuable in a classroom setting. While at first I seemed a little skeptical about the idea, as I kept reading I realized that having a software that can read emotions of students in the classroom could be great. It could be a wonderful teaching tool. If a computer can read a students facial expression then theres no doubt in my mind that this is a valuable technology to have. There are some really great uses this technology could be used for to help students. Having this technology in classrooms could help students who are confused, upset, or afraid to ask questions.

If the software was correct about the emotions in Mona Lisa's face being "83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry" then the software is really good at what its supposed to do. If the software can recognize all of those emotions from a painting then why couldnt it be put to use in a classroom. The software could recognize if a student was confused and try to give the student easier problems to try and work them up to the more difficult problems. Or the software could just show them websites or videos that teach the student how to do the problem they are confused on. If needed the software could just "modify the lesson." The software could also help a student who is getting upset that they arent getting a correct answer, or that they don't know how to do the problem.

If the software can recognize when a student is getting upset at a problem, it could notify the teacher so they can help the student. Or the software could just help the student work through the problem. The software can try to calm the student down. If the software is successful then the student can go on with the problem. Or if the software can't help then it could just take the student to another problem entirely.

When the software can read fear or worry on a students face with confusion or anger the software could realize that the student doesn't understand the problem, but is too shy to ask for help. The software could find extra help for the student on the internet. It could find the student some practice problems. If needed the software could even find a video explaining how to work through the problem. As a last ditch effort the software could notify the teacher that the student doesn't understand the problem.

I dont think the Facial Action Coding Software can do all of these things to help out students now. I do think in the future that it should be used in a classroom setting. This kind of technology could be really helpful in making sure that no student is left behind. If the software would be put to use in the classroom it would need some extra work put into it so it can do what it needs to in order to help students. But I still think its a valuable technology to have.