Your friend asks you a question and you give them an answer. They then say that the person that they asked before you said something different. You start wondering why they didn't just use the opinion of the first person they asked. Why did they ask me after asking them? Sometimes seeking the opinion of more than one person can be proven to be substantial. The person you ask may not always be the right person to answer the question. There are a bunch of reasons/answers that could influence you to make a decision. So... Why should you seek the opinion of multiple people in order to make a better choice? Well getting the opinion or answer of multiple people is important because there could be someone with better knowledge about the topic, the people you ask might have different things to say, and/or one persons opinion could be invalid or favored to one thing or another.

When I say that there might be someone with better knowledge about the topic, I mean that someone might have a better thought out and reasonable answer. For example if you ask someone if they think that Football is safe to play. Would you to ask a middle school student who plays Football for their school or a coach of an NFL team? I'm not saying that the middle school football players opinion would not be a good one, I am just saying that an NFL coach would have a more informative opinion than the middle school student. Just because someone has the best knowledge for one question doesn't mean they have the best knowledge for all questions. another example would be if you wanted to know something about middle school Football, then you would ask the middle school student who plays Football and not the NFL coach. All that you need and want is to get the best answer possible for your question.

Next, I wanted to bring up that the people you ask might have different things to say. When people you ask say different things then you start to think and do research to figure which answer is really the best. Let's say that your ask three of your friends if homework is a positive or negative item in the community. One of them says that it is positive and the other two say that it is negative. Then they would probably tell you their reasoning as to why they think what they think and have a little debate. When explaining themselves it will cause you to think about what they are saying and by the end you will have the most logical answer. When people express their different feelings/opinions it opens other peoples minds to possibilities about those things.

Finally, I wanted to say that a persons answer/opinion could be invalid or favored. Like when asking someone what the best sports team is they are most likely going to say their favorite sports team. They will say that they favor their team over any others in the league because in their mind that team is the best. The answer/opinion could also be invalid because someone could have influenced their opinion even thought that is not what they think. For example let's say that you are asking people what the best subjects in school are. Someone is thinking that the best subject is math and then their friend comes up to them and tells them that science is the best. In order to make their friend happy they agree with them and say that science is the best rather than math. Now their opinion/answer is invalid.

In conclusion, I think that when getting opinions of others you should not get only one persons but multiple. Not everyone will have the same answer to a question. Getting different thoughts from people can be substantial in making a better choice. Without asking multiple people you may end up with something that not everyone agrees on. You want to make sure that you get the most educated, most valid answer. In order to make you answer the best it can be make sure to consider the different opinions, get the most educated answer, and make sure the answer is not invalid or favored. You also need to make sure that your question is formatted the best way so that the people your questioning/asking understand what your trying to ask. 