The development of driverless cars will not be easy and it will probably take a long period of time to complete. In the article, "Driverless Cars Are Coming", it is explained to us how the development of driverless cars is going and to point out to us all the pros and cons of these driverless cars. Should these cars be invented? I believe these cars should not be invented due to the fact that there would have to be many upgrades to roads which are expensive, safety concerns for passengers and pedestrians, and new laws that will need to be created to protect either the rights of passengers inside the driverless car or the rights of the manufacturers who built these driverless cars.

Driverless cars are a good idea to a certain point. These cars would not be a good idea because many things would have to be adjusted to existing roads, which would be very costy . In paragraph 3 the author says," These smart-road systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical." This proves that cars like this would require many adjustments, that are not cheap, to existing roads and that the cars.

Our country is always looking for whats best for everyone, and having driverless cars may put people in danger. Manufaturers are planning to put some kind of form of entertainment in these driverless cars. Distracted drivers are very dangerous for pedestrians and the passengers in the car. The author states," Some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing in-car entertainment and informatin systems that use heads-up displays. Such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over -- something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. In this way, the in-car system is actually safety feature, and safety is a big concern." This section of paragraph 8 can help prove my point because if manufacturers put entertainment in cars that would be distracting the driver which is not safe for the passengers and the pedestrians.

Many new laws would have to be created by the government to either protect the passengers in the cars or the manufacturer. Who would be responsible for an accident if the person in the driverless car got in a automobile accident. The author proves my point when he or she says, " If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault -- the driver or manufacturer?"

This quote helps prove my point because in this quote the author brings up the fact that there many be many problems when deciding who is at fault if an accident occurs in a driverless automobile.

In life there are many up and downs and pros and cons to everything. In this article, "Driverless Cars Are Coming",

the author points out many pros and con to driverless cars. I find that there are many reasonable pros and things that manufacturers should be proud of, but i also believe there are some things that the manufacturers need to think about. I believe that these cars should not be develop due to the things in explaikn in paragraphs before such as: expensive new upgrades to roads, safety concerns for passengers and pedestrians, and laws that would need to be created. 