Dear Senator,

Electoral college may be a despised method to some people but it has been the system established by our founding fathers and remains until this day. It may not be perfect but every method has its flaws, including popular vote, respectively. The popular voting system is not the best method since it can end up not defining  certainty of the outcome. Electoral college has prevailed until this day and it should remain this way for the United States of America.

Although electoral college may be called outdated, irrational and unfair (Brandon Plumer 14). This isnt true because if it were so outdated and unfair it would have been substituted or changed by another system but it has remained because of its effiecency. This system is certaintly not unfair because  as stated in a article by Richard A. Posner,he explains "each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)." As for the irrational portion of the opposing view, as stated in " in defense of the electoral college..." article has mutiple reasons but one of them is "The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal."

No region (South,Northeast,etc.) has enough electoral votes to elect a president."

The single best argument against Electoral College may be called "the disaster factor" as claimed by Brandom Plumer in his article opposing the Electoral College. Certainty of Outcome is a strong point for Richard a. Posner in his article defending the electoral college and carefully states "A dispute over the outcome of the Electoral College vote is possible-it happened in 2000-but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote." He (Richard Posner) also reminds the reader that the  Electoral College avoids issues in elections in which no candidate receives majority of the votes cast and there is no pressure for a "run-off election" when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast.

Another factor brought to our attention by "the indefensible electoral college..." article is that since the Electoral College uses the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates dont lose time in states they are most likely to not win in and they focus mostly on "swing" states. Although the "swing" states system is used, it is simply utilized becauseit induces the candidates as seen in 2012's election. But the voters in toss-up states are most likely to pay more attention to the campaign, and it is decreed that the most thoughtful voters should be the chosen ones to decide the election.

Ultimately with all the information cited it is quite obvious which option is best for the U.S. Electoral College may have it's cons but the pros outweigh it. This is not a new method. It was defined by the Founding Fathers that wrote our constitution that has held our country in unisom until this day. Now in 2015 it is still the leading force in the government and should be kept that way. the Electoral college is the best suited for America and should'nt be altered.

Sincerly,

A future voter                                                               