Driverless cars, something you never thought you'd hear in the twenty-first century. Driverless cars can be an amazing thing, but also be an awful thing if used horribly. Aside from the name driverless cars are not particularly "driverless." Sure there are some good things and some bad things to driverless cars, but the bad things out weight the good things. Driverless cars should not become a thing in the state of Indiana or any other state.

Say you're driving down the road with your spouse and children, out of nowhere a car comes flying at you, not slowing down or anything. The car rams right into you, killing your spouse and children. As it turns out the car was a driverless car, it had malfunctioned and the manufacturer claims that since they were not driving the car that hit you and killed your family, they do not have to pay, so you go to the person who was in the vehicle, and they claim that since they technically were not driving it either, they also do not have to pay. So now here you are, hospital bills, funerals to plan, and no money to pay for any of it. You are the one who got hit, you are the one who lost everything that day, but because the car was "driverless" no one has to pay.

Even with the name "driverless," there still needs to be a driver while backing up, pulling into a driveway, or even through traffic jams. They try to get you with the name but really you still have to drive. Long day at work and you just want to go home and sleep? You are in your driverless car going home and all of the sudden boom, traffic jam. The car starts going crazy trying to get your attention but you are in a deep sleep. Then it happens, a car got tired of waiting and rammed into the back of you. You go to court and the judge puts you at fault because you should not have been sleeping while on the road, but your 'driverless' car was supposed to take care of it right?

As said in the tenth paragraph, they are continuing to work on the assumption that the problems will be solved, what if they don't get solved? You could have just got a brand new driverless car, under the assumption that the problems will be fixed, but what if they do not get fixed? Are you gonna be the next one to pass away or are you gonna be the next one to kill someone? You will never know because driverless cars are unpredictable. Driverless cars are not safe.

On the other hand, driverless cars can be very convient, you taking a long trip? No problem the car can drive most of it for you. You can sit and relax as the car is driving on the highways smoothly and perfectly. Driverless cars can get you the opportunity to be able to relax and not have the drive the whole way on your horrid trip. You can just sit back, relax, prop your feet up and it will be all fine.

Even with the minor plus sides to driverless cars, many deaths can still happen. Things can still malfunction no matter how many times tested. Not one piece of technology is perfect, so why should this "driverless" car be any different? Trick question, it is not. The car can malfunction just as well as any other piece of technology or even any other vehicle. They make the car sound like it will end up being perfect but it can not. Nothing is perfect, not even technology. 