Do you ever find yourself in a tough situation and in need of advice? Well you're not alone, almost everyone needs help at one point or another. Some people ask for multiple opinions when they need advice. I think this is a great idea because you can get multiple views on a topic,you won't have to worry about bias and it gives you different options on how to solve your problem.

To begin with, asking more than one person for advice means you will receive several different views on a topic. This is important when it comes to getting advice because you want to be able to make the best decision possible. For example, if you have a serious health issue arise in your life you might go to more than one doctor or specialist to make sure you're getting the right diagnosis and treatment. Even if you're not having health issues it never hurts to get different views to assist you in making the best choice. Always take these different views into consideration when making your final decision!

Additionally, getting multiple opinions means you won't have to worry about bias. When asking for advice or for someones opinion you don't want to ask just one person and end up getting a bias opinion. So, reaching out to more than one person almost eliminates the chances of that happening. When asking for advice I personally always ask people who are going to help me make the best decision and not someone who is going to give an opinion based on how they feel about the topic. Bias is hard to detect and sometimes it might even feel impossible,it can be confusing too. Just take your time and don't rush yourself when making decisions.

Lastly, you'll have many different options to choose from. This is so important, because then you won't have to feel stuck. For example, if you were to loose your job you would want another job or career to "fall back on" or in other words have a back up plan. Without another option you might feel confused or even lost. When making a decision the last thing anyone wants is to have all of those other emotions that's another reason have multiple options is important.

In conclusion, having multiple options,not receiving bias and, seeing different point of views are all reasons I believe it's a good idea to ask for multiple opinions when asking for advice and making a decision. Everyone will ask for advice at least one time so, when you do keep these tips in mind to help you make the best decision possible. 