This was what the 21st Century looks like.. People using cars more and more every single day to the point where half of us don't even want to take a lovely little stroll through the garden, over the bridge, and straight to the tree house. Nope. Nothing like that anymore. Ever since cars were created, it's given us a form to transport easier, but it's taken out a lot from the people. Among all the things they could be doing, they choose to sit in the car all day. Not anymore. There are people in different countries and states who are making a wonderful change in the world.

It all starts in Vauban, Germany. People have no cars within their non-existant garages and people are paying thousands of dollars to park their car. Why? Well, consider it as a way to help the environment. Places like Germany, France, and small sections of the United States have banned cars because of the greenhouse gas emissions.  With a law that prevents cars, the states and countries can clean up the air quicker without any more polluting gas entering to make things worse.

One of the greatest advantages for car bans is that there are less accidents. With rarely any cars on the streets, it prevents people from dying in car accidents or hit-and-runs. With this, we'll have less deaths and more people coming home safely to their families.

With the majority of the population gaining weight from no workouts, car bans puts us in a different track. Whenever we need to go somewhere, we do it with a bit of exercise. Walking, biking, all that sweet jazz. We can become a better generation with just a little push and removal of something that restricts us from certain things. We've taken advangtage of cars by not putting so much work into getting the strength we need to keep us walking for more than just 20 minutes before our legs grow tired.

The future is close, but we've still got a long road ahead of us to get to our goal. To cross that road, we've thrown all the cars off to the side and we'll walk, we'll ride our bikes, we'll dance our way over the other side. Whatever it takes to get to the other side, we'll take it.    