Cell Phones in School

I think the principal should go with policy 1, students may use their cell phones during lunch and other free times, but have them turned off during class. There are many reasons why i agree with this. One of those reasons is because if one of your family members is in the hospital. If anyone in my family was in the hospital and someone else in my family was there, i would want them to call me or text to keep me updated on what is happening to them.

Another reason i have is what if you have to go somewhere right after school and they have to cancel it and your mom was taking you, i would want to know so that i wouldn't have to stand outside waiting for her to come. If it was winter time, and i didn't know something got canceled, and i had to wait outside and wonder where my mom was, and she couldn't get a-hold of me because we couldn't have cell phones at school, i would be mad.

Another reason is for if someone else is picking you up instead of your parent. You should know ahead of time so you can look for a certain car, but without a cell phone, how are you supposed to know who is picking you up. If you don't see your parent when school is over, and your expecting them to pick you up, and you don't see them, you would more than likely just walk home if you lived close. If it was winter and you found out you could've had a ride home but didn't know because you couldn't bring cell phones to school, you would be angry with the principal.

My last example is for emergencies. If your schools power went out and you needed to call your parents to come pick you up. The school phones wouldn't be able to work, so you would need to pull out your cell phones. Also, what if the school phones where being repaired, and you needed to call the fire department or the police because of a fire or someone in the building who has a weapon on them. If the school had to close early, and everyone was using the school phones to call their parents, you could just pull out your cell phone to call them quicker so you wouldn't have to wait.

There are many reasons why cell phones should be allowed in school, and those where just some of the main ideas. Having cell phones at school can sometimes be a distraction, but using them during lunch and free time of the students and not during class, they can come in handy. I would read this letter closely, because there are many good ideas i have in here about why cell phones should be allowed in school.