The Mystery of the Unmasking Face on Mars

In the article "Unmasking the Face on Mars" people think that the face was created by aliens. In this essay I will tell you if the face was created by aliens or if it was just a natural landform. Why would people think this face was created by aliens? Or was it just a natural landform? What would you think about the face being created by aliens?

Now that we got that out of the way, Why would people think that the face was created by aliens? There was not much evidence that the aliens were the ones that created the face. People can not just go around saying that aliens caused the face to happen, Because there was very little proof that it caused by aliens. Garvin also said, "It reminds him of Middle Buttle in the Snake River Plain of Idaho." In paragraph 12. And in paragraph 7 it also says that there was no alien momentum after all.

Also, Some people think that the face is just a natural landform. I think that the face was caused why a natural landform because I found more information that the face was caused by a natural landform. Like, in paragraph 7 Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team took a photo and when the image first appeared on a JPL web site it revealed that it was a natural landform.

I think that if the face was really created by aliens there would have been more evidence or proof saying that aliens had created the face. Because there was more proof saying that the face was created by a natural landform. If there was more proof about the face being created by aliens than it just being a natural landform then I am not sure what I would have done.

Last of all, I found out that there was more proof in the face being created by a natural landform than the face being created by aliens. There was more people talking about how it was not created by aliens and there was also people saying that there was proof saying that the face was created by aliens. But, I would have to say I will stick with there being more proof about the face being created by a natural lanform.      