Required Essay: Phones & Driving

Starting in the 1996, cell phones became very important to people's everyday life. Cell phones started as huge bulky items that were not able to fit in a pocket. Now, they are an everyday item that is carried in someone's pocket, purse, etc. After they became wireless they played a ever bigger role in life. Cell phones were starting to be used in cars for GPS and playing music through bluetooth. People started to take advantage of using a cell phone while driving and things went down from there. People should be able to use their cell phones while driving for navigation to wherever they are going , to contact anyone for an emergency, and hands free answering phone calls.

GPS navigation system is one of the main reason people use their cell phones while driving. If driving from Georgia to New York with a map or using road signs, because you can't use cell phones while driving, you are going to make a lot of mistakes and many u-turns. Using a cell phone for navigation is the best way to get to your destination the fastest and easiest. According to Baldwin Ellis, " Cell phones allow users to call for directions when they cannot find their destinations. Furthermore, many cell phones have GPS technology that provide turn-by-turn directions to any destination and maps that provide real-time traffic information." (Ellis). This shows that GPS navigation on cell phones are helpful to show real information going on around the area and send you a better route. While using the GPS you can also talk on the phone while GPS gives you directions on where to go at the same time.

Most people like to talk to people on the phone while driving. Whenever your phone rings it's an instinct to go reach for it and pick it up. It's more safe to listen and talk to the person on the phone through the car than holding the phone up to your ear and driving with one hand. With bluetooth in a car, you wouldn't be breaking the hands free law. According to " Benefits to Having Bluetooth in Your Car" article, "the Bluetooth capabilities you end up with will save you from receiving a ticket and also making it easier for you to keep your hands on the wheel.". This shows that bluetooth is the key to not breaking any law your state made about hands free. Using Bluetooth can also help with texting and driving. Instead of picking up your phone and texting some back, you can use bluetooth the say your message and send text out loud. According to " Benefits to Having Bluetooth in Your Car" article, "Many offer Bluetooth capabilities, which will help to alleviate the temptation of manually texting." . Don't even think of reach for your phone when you hear you got a text just get Bluetooth in your car. It's better to get bluetooth than being in a car accident for texting and driving.

You will need your phone while driving if something serious happened or is happening and you need emergency services quick. Without your phone, you would be stuck out on the road during the day or even night with no one to help. Most people definitely don't like to stop for people even when they see they're in trouble. According to "NHTSA's Office of Emergency Medical Services" , "emergency telephone calls presented to the switchboard in May 2017 was 845,674, an average of 27.3 thousand per day.". This shows that many people use their phone to call EMS when any type of situation or car crash happens.

As you can see driving with your phone is not bad at all unless you make it bad. Although people make using cell phones bad, it's very helpful to everyday things you do in a car. You wouldn't like to sit in silence not knowing where to go and then suddenly your car breaks down and you don't know what else to do. Cell phones are needed in everyday life. Why try and take that from us just because we are in a car, but there are ways to help prevent anything going bad while using them while driving.         