Phones & Driving

Isn't driving a vehicle without cellular devices distracting and stressful enough?? I can go ahead and explain why driving with a cell phone is not the right thing to do. It is also not the safest idea. Most of the world's population are using these devices while driving but don't realize, that to operate a vehicle it always takes two hands, at all times. So many things could go wrong at any time while driving even without these dangerous devices. No matter how far or how short of a distance you are traveling it does not make a difference.

The generation we are barely living through in todays society, these people don't think about anyone but their selves. During this process, you don't only place yourself in life or death situation, you are also harming others and even the people around others. Driving while operating an electronic device is more than illegal in my point of view. Once, a family member of mine suffered and literally died during a car crash and this entire situation never involved a cellular device. That shows there is no need to add another hazard behind the wheel. Especially around others.

Personally, the first step I take after entering a vehicle, is slapping that seatbelt on and placing my phone in my pocket after choosing music. Always do your personal process before you take the vehicle out of park. Cellular devices never became an issue until all of these smart phones were produced. The whole reason the government are making all of these newer, electronic, and way smarter is to prevent humans from using their cell phones while driving. One more thing to think about, is the larger the population grows, the more of this problem will grow and go on and on and on for generations.

In my opinion, I think all these people that are driving, and operating cell phones, are just not experienced enough to drive at all. If you have ever been in any kind of accident behind the wheel, you should know that the littlest mistake can make the biggest difference. The feeling after that, just the adrenaline shoots through the roof. Once these people have made those mistakes, they would learn the lesson that is waiting for them in the future. If your one of the people that drive while on your cell phone, then you need to rethink if you really want to risk your life. It will happen, sooner or later, driving while using a cell phone is not okay, so it will happen. Even to the best of us. Do not drive while operating a cellular device. It is against the law, and it may cause serious injury and possibly death.!             