The advantages of limiting car usage are that it saves time, conserves resources, lower emmisions and improve safety. Limited car usage will have a tremendous effect on our planet in a great way. It would help conserve our resources such as fuel. In the passage "Paris bans driving due to smog" by Robert Duffer paragraph sixteen it states that France has a tax policy tha favors the fuel diesel. Diesels make up sixty-seven precent of vehicles in France. Due to France's favor of diesel the carbon that is emitted into the air has created smog. Paris typically has more smog than any other European capitals because of these such emissions. france saw his as a problem in need of serious correcting. In attempts to reduce the smog the French had a ban on motor vehicles with few exceptions; sure enough the smog cleared and the ruling French party rescind the ban.

Drastic efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailipes in Vauban, Germany have been put into order by creating an up-scale community that is "Car-free". As a result seventy precent of Vauban's families do not own cars. As said in paragraph eight of the passage "In german suburb, Life goes on without Cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal, "emissions from n increasing number of private carsowned by the burgeoning middle class are choking cities." Sociologists believe this concept of car-free enviorments will have beneficial implicatins for carbon emissions and the enviorment, since transportations is the second largest source of emissions. there are critics such as the car industry that counter this idea because it could have negative implications on their business. Companies like Ford and Mercedes are already renaming themselves "mobility" companies with a broader product range other than the personl vehicle.

Thousands upon thousands die in car acciddents every year. Cars are lethal weapons that caue misery to many involved or anyone who knew of someone in a car crashes. "When i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter, a media trainer that is living in a Car-free district. France even joined the trend by banning cars and making public transit free admission Monday-Friday. Car free areas are a good thinng. it would help the world so much. lowering pollutions and decreasing car crashes are one over the worlds major issues and this is the solutions. car-free cities is the answer. So people of the world, invest in walking shoes or a bicylce because this is the future, this is the beginning to " going green" to make a happier and safer world for its people.                                                                                                                                                                            