Some people think that taking classes from home is a easy way to study without having to leave home. While others think that students would not be able to learn as much as they would attending to school. For some this is a big deal while others justify this as a modern way to study. Technology could be helpful for some but not everyone in terms of studying. Most people think that schools should not adopt such way of education. People say that this is not the best way for study. The reasons people say that studying from is not a good way to study, is because students would not be inspired to do their work,not everyone has access to internet,teachers would help the students more in person That through a computer.

One of the reasons people are saying that studying from home is not a good idea that students would no be inspired. Meaning that being studying from home they would not have the same environment as in school. Assisting to school would help students to focus in what they do. They would do better seeing other students working. Walking around school during free time and seeing projects made by others students could help students to be more creative. Talking to others students and sharing experiences would make students to put more effort. People say that an inspired mind creates great things.

Another reason people argue is because not everyone has access to internet. Either due to economic or others type of reasons not everyone counts with access to a computer. Having some students taking classes from home while others who also want but can not because they do not have access to Internet does not seems good. Some students have to work in order to either pay their bills or buy things that they need and can not afford to have a internet source. There could be paces where getting good

Internet connection could be tough because of the location or weather. This issue have people saying that access to internet is a problem when it comes to study from home.

One more reason is than teachers would help the students more in person than trough the computer. Talking to though computer is not the same as talking in person .People say that students would best understand things their teachers teach them in person because they would explain with more details. Some also say that interacting with the teacher would help students confidence and learning. Some teachers have different way to teach and help the student to fully understand the topics. Students would experiment best learning by having their teacher in front of them or by their side.

Meanwhile people still argue about this issue and that should be a way to solve it. Attending classes from from is not alway a good idea beacuse students would not be inspired,not averyone has acces to internet,and teachers would help students more in person. With all said we can conclud that the best way to study is by attending to school and no from home.