Hello senator of Florida this is a lettter to tell you why we should keep the Electoral college. There is more certaninty of the outcom of the election. The Electoral college helps prevent run-off elections. And it helps out the biger states like Texas of Califona.

The Electoral College helps make the election more predictable. And yes we all know what happen to Al Gore in 2000 but it is less likely than a dispute over the popular vote (Richard A. Posner). This has happen it the 2012 election "for example Obama recived 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and romeny because almost all states award electoral votes victory in that state"(Richard A. posner). It is preety intresting how the Electoral College works knowing that it hal lasted a long time iour goverment.

The Electoral College helps prevents the problem off elections that run-off. You see what happen is that when the ton runners tie the election gets very complicated. So the Electoral college produces a clear winner (Richard A Posmer). But it also can make the voters votes have no effect to the election. Which means that they would not have the push to care for the election anymore. Youhave to consider that if the Electoral College was not there that it would preety hard to select the winer of that tie.

Bigger states have more atention in that state than a small state like North Dakota would have in a presindental election. The Electoral college restore the poltical balance that large states lose to the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution (Richard A posner). Florida popular vote was very close but "Obama won that election he got 29 electoral votes. A victory by the same margin of Wyoming would the net the winner only three electoral votes"(Richard A Posner).

The Electoral College must stay it helps with the out come of elections andprevents run-off elections and helps the big states. We need the Electoral College what would we do without the Electoral College in our goverment?    