Often when a person seeks help they will ask more than one person, when I have a issue I usually ask my parents, my brothers, a friend or one of my teachers. I find that by asking more than one person I can gain more knowledge on the subject, and by having more knowledge I can become better equipped for answering the question. This means that if you are to ask for help from more than one person you are likely to come to a better answer, the more people you ask, the better the answer.

If I asked the former President Barack Obama a question about doing the dishes and then I ask my mother the same question chances are I will get two different answers. To quote Daniel DeVito (commonly known as Danny DeVito) "You gotta sift through the duds." this quote teaches me that if you want the best answer then you must ask more then one person, and these people would preferably be from different backgrounds as asking people of similar lifestyles will warrant similar answers. An example of asking people in similar backgrounds a question would be asking two far conservatives if we should cut on non-renewable fuels, chances are they will say no, now asking this same question to two far liberals would likely warrant a yes. With this knowledge we can determine that asking similar people will get you similar answers, although this strategy seems effective if you ever intend to use it I would recommend not asking offensive questions as people often get angry when you ask to personal of questions. I also feel that I should mention that this strategy of mine can sometimes fail when asking people about history, simply because people like to change history, A recent example of this is about how some people are taking down statues from the Civil war era, which some people think is great and some people hate this. I personally understand the people who want to take the statues down I get where they're coming from but I agree with the people who don't like it, by taking down the statues you are effectively denying a part of our history, even if it is a awful part of our history.

By asking more then one person you are almost always going to find people of varying knowledge, and by getting people with higher knowledge you have a much lower chance of being misinformed or having to deal with bias. Now as you read that last sentence you probably thought yes of course being misinformed will happen less but bias would still be there yes? No, If the person you ask has more knowledge then why would they change there awnser to fit some political quota that they have instead of just telling you the awnser, If what they know is right why would they tell you something that they know is not right on purpose. By asking lots of people you will be able to like Danny said "Sift through the duds." you will eventually find someone who lacks bias and who has enough knowledge on the subject to help you. Also once you find that special somebody who know about this subject they will probably know about similar subjects, a example of this would be my friend Generic_Name, Generic_Name knows a lot about geography and history as well as some biblical history, so whenever I have a question about Geography, history, or a story in the bible I will just ask him about it. He is a trusted source that I have and by finding him I have basically found a book about history and geography that I can read anytime I need to read it, and something my Generic_Name book does that normal books don't is that he gains knowledge. The more I wait in between asking question the more he will know about something.

A quick summary of the last two paragraphs would be ask multiple people to avoid bias and ask multiple people to find someone who is smart, in this paragraph I'm going to explain what you do with this knowledge once you have it. Its really simple, you make a decision, you being the key word, you have to make sure you are the one making the decision and not the people you asked and you have to be sure you know enough about the subject. Thats really it, be sure you know everything you need to know and be sure you make the decision, But what do you do after you make this decision you may ask well thats also simple. Help others. Other people will ask the same question as you and they will ask around as well, so if someone asks you a question related to what you learned earlier then you can actually help them, you can be that magic person that you were looking for when you were learning as well.

In the end asking more than one person is most certainly more beneficial then asking just one, and to find the best awnsers your going to want to avoid asking people of similar backgrounds the same question and your going to want to ask people who know the most about the subject. Once you have done this you are ready to help yourself and help others, and helping others is probably the best part of this system because it gives you the most gratification out of anything you could do with this knowledge.