When people ask others for advice, they tend to talk to more than one person. To get more guidance from others that could possible lead them the right way. Seeking advice from other people can help because their advice can lead you in the right direction and there are challenges that we all go through in life.

Their advice can lead you in the right direction. Seeking God for help. Yes, I know most people don't believe in god and it is okay, but for those who do God makes things happen for a reason. He takes people out of your life and gives you advice even when you don't ask. You may not know when he does, but he does. Also, family knows best. Other than yourself, family should be the closest people to you and they know more about you then others. Their guidance can rub off on you. Lastly, friends. Lots of people go to friends about things that worry them or things they want to talk about. Friends can help you with experience that they or someone they know has went through. Even if you don't think so, all these people in your life always know what's best for you and are good people to go to when you need them.

There are challenges that we all go through in life. People with the same experience. You may not know or haven't asked, but some people that you are close with have probably gone through the same experience you have and can help you through whatever you are going through. Being comfortable with others. I feel as if that is a big key in seeking advice from others, you should be comfortable with them. Be able to trust them and tell them things without the fear of them telling someone else. Lastly obstacles. There isn't a day in life where we haven't all had an obstacle we had to face. No, I'm not talking about like playground obstacles I mean real life ones. Like challenges, bad experiences we've had to face. I would never want to got through a bad experience alone and would want to seek someone else for help. You may not think anyone can help you, but it's more than just a 3 step process.

However, I understand how others may not care, or don't give the right advice at times and make every experience you have about to them. That has happened to me many times. Yet, no one knows you better than you know yourself. It is scientifically proven that no one knows you better then you know yourself. About 65% of people go to others about their problems.

Getting advice from others is better though because their advice can lead you in the right direction and there are challenges we all go through in life. At the end of the day try to always get advice from someone other than yourself, you never know what will happen.