When considering distance learning, one has to be ready and willing to commit to hours of staring at someone on the screen teaching a topic they are not familiar with. Although distance learning is beneficial for those away from campus or from the educational institution, distance learning will not benefit students academically. By offering distance learning, students will be able to take advantage of their access to the internet to further themselves and find answers. Although distance learning is a cheaper alternative to moving in order to attend the university of your choosing, but by doing so, you will be missing out on an educational experience one on one.

Distance learning stunts a student's growth because staring at a screen for hours results in more harm than good. It tires one out and then procures a below average performance that hinders a student's overall education. Distance learning also tempts a student's academic integrity, especially when they have ready access to the internet, which is a whole database of answers. A student can easily cheat by looking up the answers on an another tab or going on another piece of technology such as a phone, to search up answers. For instance, students in Generic_City, China were pushed to attend school online due to a city quarantine thanks to the Coronavirus. Professors and teachers alike informed their pupils of apps they have to download and would hold video classes where students would watch and write down notes, but ultimately, some wouldn't log in, and others weren't able to hear their instructor speaking either due to connectivity issues or other students talking. This resulted in students cheating and finding answers online and rating the apps one star to the point where the app would be removed from the app store. Distance learning produces individuals who don't put their best work in and perform well, below average.

Another thing distance learning enables is that it allows students to falsely claim that they understand material when in reality they don't due to boredom. Not only does distance learning threaten integrity, it also hurts one's ability to fully grasp the material being taught. Youths possess a short attention span, and if not entertained or immersed in what is being taught, they will slip into boredom easily and will do whatever it takes to be done of it. For example, when I used to be a Quran student, I had to video conference my Quran teacher on Skype every Sunday and they would listen to me recite a memorized surah or prayer in the Quran. At first my interest was piqued, my knowledge of my religion would be increased, but soon it became a chore. Something I loved doing became something expected of me and mistakes were looked down upon, not learned from. So I would cheat. I'd look up the Quran part I'd have to memorize and say it out loud to my teacher and I was met with praises. My three hour sessions were cut to two due to my proficiency and soon I was done with it. If I were to be taught one on one, I would've excelled and would've delivered my best rather than taking the easy way out. By allowing students to learn at home, they will have their integrity threatened and their interest diminished due to tediousness.

Furthermore, distance learning gives way to privilege when approached my different perspectives. Enrolled lower income students may have challenges receiving an education when their wireless connection suffers, or their laptops sputter and die. Kids who have a troubled home life may also prove to be struggling when learning when they constantly have parents fighting or no personal space to do their work. Other things to take mind of is the social aspect of distance learning. If kids are encouraged to take classes from home, how will they be able to work and communicate with their peers and soon the outside world if they are only conversating with people behind a screen? Distance learning robs them of building meaningful connections with people in real life and learning how the world works when placed in different situations. Overall, distance learning prohibits something that all students and people will have to face; change. Whether its new people in different classes, or a new classroom or a new teacher, there is limited space for students to experience change in the real world.

In conclusion, distance learning seems to be a perfect fit for those who yearn to be focused and for those who prefer to be alone, but overall distance learning is not beneficial for students. By learning from home students will be lethargic, underperforming, and less susceptible to change. It encourages individuals to take the easy way out and will therefore pave way for underperformance. Holding classes in person gives students a chance to grow and flourish with others as well as adapt to new situations and people. 