Almost a 30% of high school students have more responsibilities than others, such as pay bills, and start saving money for college. Some schools are offering distance learning as an option for students, which means that they could attend classes from home by online or by video conferencing. Students think that they would get benefits by being able to attend this program. The truth is that students will not get benefits by attending this program because they will have more responsibilities, less social life, and more access to social media.

By attending this program students will have more responsibilities than they usually do, since they will have more time to spend working or doing other things, they will easily forget about if they have homework or projects to do. Even though, some students will get what they actually want, it will not be the same for them, because if they do not understand something, it will not going to be the same to ask a teacher than to ask an online teacher. However, students that want to attend this program will always have to be thoughtful about what things they need to be doing, and what things are more important than others.

Also students will have less social life, doing this program they will not have many friends as they could have attending regular school, and if they have there is a huge possibility that they will not have the same age and they will not be always on the same path or alike. Thus, they will not have many friends to do enjoyable things, or someone to share great things with, and it will be hard for them to get used to this program.

Last, students will have more access to social media, during the time that they are taking online classes or video conferencing they have to be using a laptop or a desk computer, and also internet. Using a computer and internet will lead them to have access to social media during classes, and it will be a distraction for them, because they will not be putting complete effort to their classes.

Although, students will have more time to be doing exactly want, such as work, and hobbies. It will not going to be the same because they will not have many friends as they would like to have to do and share amazing things.

In conclusion, taking online classes or by video conferencing, it will never going to be the same that attend a regular school, because students will have more responsibilities than they used to, at one point they will feel lonely, and they will not be putting complete effort because they will have more access to social media during classes.