I agree that this new use of online education would benefit students attending classes from home, as it would forcibly teach responsibility, time management and increase the students ability to become independent during their process life long learning.

Responsibility, the ability too be responsible and take complete control of your actions and tasks that you do. As students cling towards this new style of education they will be met with the lack of a teacher's or an professor's guidance. They'll have too get work done on their own. They will no longer have that reliable position of authority over their shoulder telling them what too do and how too do it. Instead they will be forced to learn responsibility, anywhere from getting homework done to studying for an exam. Their also responsible for being able too adapt too this new style of learning, therefore forcing them too find other ways too learn and interpret. For instance, as a a high school student, in the city of Generic_City Virginia, i personally have had too adapt too many different changes in my educational career. Transitioning from middle school to high school was definitely difficult

As I'm learning all this new information; i had too interpret it in a way too fit me and my process of thinking. Responsibility, being an every day part of life, is a big reason that i think this new type of education would help students, as it will help them out later on during life. Learning responsibility is one of the major reasons why I believe online education would benefit students at home.

Time management, using your time wisely, in order too get the most out of it. Online students doing work from home will not be in a class room for numerous amounts of hours on top of hours. Therefore,they'll be forced too use their own precious time in order too complete task and or assignments. Not only will they have too use their own time, but they will also have to learn how too properly manage that time. This could mean making a schedule, writing in a daily planner or even putting out reminders onto their cell phones. For example, as a high school student, athlete, as well as a working individual, I have to manage my time wisely so that all of my things are completely prepared to finish or finished. Time management being another key factor that would help online students at home, will definitely help towards the benefits. As students will forcibly have too learn this characteristic trait when they start this new style of educational learning. Which will help them prosper later on in their lives, additional educations or even in the career of their choosing. This is why learning time management could help benefit online education for students at home.

Independence, being able too function, completely finish activities or task all on your own, without any supervision controlling your thoughts movements, or actions. Just like responsibility students must learn how too be independent when having too do the work on their own.

As they won't have that professor or teacher too push them through it all. Instead the'll be taught to indecency and being able too do things on your own. Not being able too rely on another individual, they will be forced too learn this trait in being independent. For example , me being in high school i can not always rely on the teacher for any missing work. Sometimes i have take initiative and be independent and go to a class website, ask her after school or even ask another peer that also takes that class. Just like i might have t find out the information that i missed out on my own, they will have too find out he information on what they have to either turn in or even complete on their own. This trait of being independence is very critical to a person and how they live their life. As it is a major factor in our every day society. This is why i believe that being independent is a major reason and factor too help propel the benefits on online education for students at home.

In conclusion, i agree with the idea of this new style of learning in online schooling for students at home. It will properly benefit numerous amounts of students as it will provide them with tons of new traits. Traits like responsibility, time management, and as well s being and independent individual. this is why i believe in this new style of education, online education for students at home and why i support it and the traits that come from its, how it will benefit and propel our society in the future.