For someone who does not believe in aliens, this is only but a mere coincidence. We have no facts to prove that it WAS made by aliens, furthermore there being a whole civilization of aliens living on mars. There are many landforms as this one on Mars, and even on Earth, that happen to show some type of face, or object that would rather look man-made or even "alien" made. Just because there is a landform that has a shape, and look of a face, doesn't neccessarily mean that there is a life-form living on Mars. For there to be some type of life-for on Mars, yes, it would most benefit NASA, by finding out what is that life-form, how its living, and so on. But for someone to think that alien life-forms made this landform of a face, you can't really say that aliens have done so without having the proper information that shows, "aliens" have done so.

In 1976, from the photograph, we can say that yes, it does look like a face. But at this time, technology wasn't at it's highest. Since technology hadn't been as high tech as it is now, we could assume that, of the photo were taken now, yes, it'd be much more different, more defined. More so, there had been more photos taken on April 5th, 1998, with photos sharper than the original, being said that there had been no alien monument after all.

To conclude this argument, you could still go on saying how aliens are real, and how they created this landform. But in reality, no one has the facts to prove that an alien life-form had created this landform. No one has the facts to prove there are alien civilizations on Mars. I only say this because there has not yet been facts, or any information involving alien-life forms or ancient civilizations on mars. Maybe in the future, there will be signs of some type of life-form on Mars, or very odd, peculiar objects that we may find somewhat weird, or, out of the ordinary. It is only, but a matter of time before NASA does find something very odd and out of the ordinary, on any planet, in our solar system.