We all know there are 7 wonders of the world, but could this be the first wonder of the universe. Nature can make some astonishing things. Many things in the world, or even the universe, are nature-made. They have been here since the beginning of time even though they seem to be man-made. The "Face" should be included in this category. This "Face" was created by natural processes.

Similar to the "Face", places on Earth are nature-made. Even though sand dunes on beaches are kept by humans, they were first nature-made. Sand storms on Earth create higher dunes in deserts because the starting dune blocks the sand from getting across it. This may be what caused the "Face" to be created. There may have been an oval shaped dune at that spot, and, then, a "storm" passed by. The beginning dune blocked the Mars sand from exceeding that barrier, and the "Face" we see now was created. The shadows forming the eyes, nose and mouth were created on accident.

Sometimes landforms are created when objects collide with planets. The "Face" could have been formed when a meteor crashed into Mars. Only this time the crash did not create a crater, but instead a protruding object that over the years got rounded out by storms. Evidence does not suggest that every single meteor strike causes a crater. The reason that craters are an effect on Earth may be due to Earth's atmosphere or it's magnetic field. This may just be the first time NASA has ever seen a mound created by a meteor strike. There could be more out in the universe that NASA hasn't observed yet.

In April of 1998, a photo was taken that was blury due to Martian clouds. Many people exclaimed that the clouds may have blocked some alien markings. When NASA took another photo in April of 2001, the photo does not seem to portray any alien markings. Furthermore, the "Face" looked as though it has cracked on the side. Suggesting that there are Martians on Mars and, along with that, there were Martians that made this "Face", why wouldn't the Martians fix their monument when it cracks. This led me to believe that not only did the "Martians" on Mars not build this, but, additionally, there are no Martians on Mars.

Others may say that, comparative to the Mound Builder Indians on Earth, the "Face" was created by Martians bringing dirt to one spot and creating that "mound". If that was the case, then how come, in all of the photos and evidence we have from Mars, NASA has never once seen a Martian. They might be hiding from us, but, like Humans, couldn't Martians have messed up, and they forgot to hide one time.

This "Face" is created by natural processes. Even though it has been extremely controversial over whether it is alien-made or nature-made, more evidence suggests that the "Face" is nature-made. Many things in the universe can cause a mound on a planet, but finding out which one is the cause of the "Face" may never be known.