Should students participate in an extracurricular activity? Probably so, it'll be beneficial to them.

I think that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it'll give them a new experience, they'll meet new people, and depending on the activity, it can help them develop their future.

An after school activity can give you a new experience, but how? Sometimes, you might not know exactly what you like, so an extracurricular activity could help you learn more about yourself. I mean, even if you dont like it you'll know not to do it again, right? Besides learning more about yourself, trying something new can just be good for you, especially if what you're doing is a sport or something that'll develop your future. Well, maybe your friends might want to brag to others that they were on the football team when they graduate. A sport or even an art activity could help you if you're applying to a job, but it would also give you, in a way, work experience, especially if you're applying to a job that is related to that activity when you're older. Even if you might not like the activity, it will be beneficial to you at some point.

Meeting new people can benefit students. Sometimes, you might not have many friends who have the same hobbies, but when you're joining an activity, especially if it's something that you like, there's bound to be people that have the same hobbies. Who knows, maybe you might find a really good friend there. Meeting new people can make connections, connections are good to have when you're older and you might have a specific job to do. Maybe you might just need something and you remember your friend from that activity became a pretty great manager of a popular company. Usually, when you're joining an extracurricular activity, there's going to be people who are older than you and they have more experience in the activity you might've joined, it would be helpful to you to learn what they have been taught. It's good to learn from other perspectives, don't you think? Making new friends and meeting new people could ease stress with coming up tests, they'll help you relax a little more.

Well, what if students don't want to participate? It can be difficult for a student to participate if something is happening outside of their school life. Sometimes, students might not be able to participate because of family, work, money, or time. There's a point in time where they will have to make exceptions. Besides that, usually it seems like the students around here might not do much outside of school, so they'll be kept a little busy with an activity.

My final thought is that, of course, students should participate because they'll meet new friends, maybe even learn some new skills, and develop themselves and their future. So, go ahead and join an activity, you could really learn from it!