Did you know that extracurricular activities can help you in many ways? I think that extracurricular activities should be prioritized more. For example, schools should help kids out by having them do extracurricular activities like a sports team. I agree that my principal should require every student to participate in an extracurricular activity so their brain can get stronger, they can have some physical fitness, and so they can have a safe place to go after school.

First, an after school activity could help students build their brain power and help it get stronger. In a extracurricular activity like chess club, the students could build their brain. In the chess club, students learn strategy and technique which are good life skills and helps build their brain. The brain requires strategy so it can do anything in the best way possible or the quickest way. Technique is also important to the brain so it can do things efficiently uniquely.

Also, certain extracurricular activities could help students get more in shape and help them learn fitness skills. For example, an after school weight lifting class teaches the kids good technique and how to get in shape. All students need good technique when lifting weights because otherwise they could get seriously injured. These type of classes also teach kids how to get in shape or stay in shape so they can live a healthy and happy life.

Finally, after school activities help kids have a few extra hours out of their toxic home or their stressful personal life. Some students come home every day wishing they could go back to school. These students come home to abusive parents or just siblings who act like bullies. For them in a extracurricular activity they could escape that and create family like relationships with their teammates or piers. The coach of the sports team also can act like a guardian type figure if their parents are never around or just don't care for them.

In conclusion, I strongly agree that the principal should require that all students should participate in one or more after school activities. These activities help every kid and every kid can find something helpful in a extracurricular activity. The kids who participate will live better and stronger lives.