Whether it's a crime or a dangerous activity, one bad decision can completely ruin your life. This is why many people, including myself often seek advice from others before making important decisions. Asking for advice from multiple people is very beneficial as you see the many views on the decision at hand, you feel reassured when making the decision, and you avoid repeating the same mistake.

Asking multiple people for advice is extremely important as it provides different perspectives on the choices available to you. As long as you ask the right people, different perspectives change peoples opinion and lead them to making the right choice. An example of when seeing multiple perspectives helped me was when I was skeptical about joining the Model UN team at my school. I thought it would be a waste of time, but when I asked my parents, they told me otherwise. They listed reasons for why they thought it would be best if I joined it and because of this, I joined the team. If I hadn't asked for advice, then I wouldn't have seen their perspectives and therefor wouldn't have decided to join the team.

Often, people get stuck and are unable to make a decision. They then abandon the opportunities that were there because they didn't get help. However, seeking advice from trustworthy people reassures that they are making the right choice and prevents them from trying to run away from the decision. This then leads to people feeling confident in themselves after they have decided what to do, and promotes them trying harder because they believe they're doing the right thing.

Most people can't remember a single thought they had the day before, but many still remember the wise advice they were given years upon years ago. This demonstrates the importance of asking multiple people for advice as you will often remember it, preventing you from repeating the same mistake. I have heard many stories where people continue to commit the same crimes over and over again until they finally seek advice from trustworthy individuals and stop. This emphasizes the need to get advice even when you have already made a mistake.

In conclusion, asking others for advice is often vital to making the right choices. It provides you with different perspectives, reassures that you are making the right choice, and prevents you from repeating the same mistake. While it isn't necessary to seek advice for every choice, it is important to find trustworthy people to help you make decisions that severely impact your life.