Automobile accidents are very common in suburbs and in cities. Car reduced communites would not only help help us us a world financially but also help when it comes to our health. Robert Duffer and Elisabeth Rosenthal explain and inform the advantages of limiting car usage.

Cars in this day in age seem like a necessity when it comes to transportaion but cars being the main source of transportation isn't always a good thing. Many countires are beginning to promote the philosophy of car reduced communites. According to David Goldberg, " All of our develpoment since World War II has been centerd on the car, and that will have to change ". Cars being the main focus of transportaion is not good. The gases from the fuel produces pollution which eventually leads to harmful diseases. We should take more advanatge of our technological advances and come up with a safer, effective, and more economical way to transport our everyday citizens. Imagine if we stopped using cars. The air we breath in day by day would be cleaner, we would all have more money, and their would be less automtive accidents day by day which is one of the main reasons are population isn't increasing as fast as it could. Smog is the main harmful effect of abusing our car usage. Source 2 states that " After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving bam to clear the air of the global city ". The city of Paris is probably one of the most visited city in the entire world so for them to have to stop car usage due to smog is a big deal. Studies have shown that cars are very dangerous and harmful yet we still drive them everyday unconcontious of the fact that day by day were slowly making it harder on ourselves as humans to even survive. Cars are the main source of transportation now a days but its clear to see that the use of cars opposes many disadvantages.

Car-free days would be very effective when it comes to the conservation of our people. Bogata Colombia has come up with the idea of car free days but is this idea more effective them it is ineffective? According to Source 3 " It was he third straight year cars have been bannned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city of & million ". You can only imagine how positive this idea actually ended up being. Many people thought that it was a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. Having many more of these days world wide wouldn't harm us (unless we allow it to becasuse we've become so dependable on these machines ) but it would would help our planet become cleaner which tends to relieve stress. With the realization of the fact that cars are better helpful then they are harmful many people may stop buying cars. Source 4 claims that  " President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emission, unveiled last week, will get a fortutious assist from an incepient shift in American behavior: recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, drving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by ". Many citizens are beginnning to focus and understand that presrving our populaiton is more important then going where they want when they want to. The concept of car-free days seems to be the better route to choose when it comes to survival, living, and a stressless environment.

Automible accidents are becoming very common in surburbs and cities. We as a people need to more contious on healthier and cleaner communites so that we can begin to produce healthier children. Healthier children means focused children and citizens. Children that are focused on having goals and having careers that help our planet.

We should make the smarter decision to be less selfish and more selfless so we as a people should reduce car usage so we can continute to grow as a population, culltivate, and explore together.                                                                                               