All around the world in places such as the United states, Paris and other european countries have all begun to realize the effects cars have on the environment as well as the community. Most of these places have actually banned cars in suburban areas to try to promote this idea that are cars becoming less of a neccesity  throughout communities. Cars are becoming less popular and some advantages to this are that cars cause lots of pollution from tailgates according to source number one. Some other advantages to this decline of cars is the improvement of the community as well as better quality of life with civilians.

Cars are one of the leading reasons pollution is such a big problem today. So one advantage to having less cars would be less pollution. Experts from source two state that up to fifty percent of greenhouse gases could come from the United States alone. Acoording to source two places like Paris have already begun to face the effects of pollution. The pollution in Paris was bad enough to ban cars to reduce the amount of smog in the air. In doing so the lack of cars helped cleared the air for people to breathe easier. Banning cars would also promote an increase to public transportation. With less cars people would be obligated to use public transits or simply walk to where they needed to be. A buisness man from source three named Carlos Arturo Plaza states "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution". This shows that not all feedback from the loss of cars is negative.

Another advantage to the lack of cars is the overall improvment of communities. With the lack of cars workers dont have to spend all there money on construction of new roads and maintenance of highways. People can now begin to finally work on other things such as the improvements of sidewalks and building new parks. In source 3 it states that restrictions have cut traffic makng less people agitated over road rage as well as the upscale of new buisness's and shop markets. Because of all these new markets everything is built closer now since people arent driving theres no need for the buildings to be long distances away. Urbanization is an advantage to lack of cars.

With the lack of cars some peoples quality of life have improved greatly, Enrique riera from source three states "These people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders." Implying that these changes are going to spread and become the new thing of today. Some people say they they enjoy this new policy. In source four it states that changes like these can make emmsions lower and improve safety, in doing so people have a better quality of life as they are safer then before.

So in all there were many advantages that had to the reduction of cars in certain areas. With the lack of pollution people were able to get around easier, with nicer places to travel shopping would become more fun then previously, and peoples lives became generally less stressful. With all of this upcoming news about reduction of pollution and new ways to change the environment maybe one day we will live in a world with no cars at all.    