I think going to somone else for another option because it gives differnt views, it helps puts heads together, and the other person can give advice on a situation. 60% more men commite suicide than women do. Thats because men don't share their feelings or anything to anyone.

Getting a differen't view on a situation is very importaint. Another person can look at it in a positive way while you look at it in a negetive way. Looking at it in a good way can make the situation so much better for you and anyone who is imvolved in it. if that other person can make you think positive that it can take so much stress off your body and so many other people around you. For example If your kid puts ramon noodles in the microwave wihout any water than it catches on fire but he diden't burn the house down then just focuse of the bright side. The house is still in great condition and its not burned down.

Second, reason I think people ask for other options on a situation so they can put their heads together. More heads works better than just one head dealing with that situation. More people's options on it can make you think/ look at it in a whole diffen't stand point. You can ask for someone's option and you might treally not agree with you on it but they might have a really good reason and facts to prove their option. For example if one of your friends calls you about the math homework and you both don't know what to do then you can put your heads together and try to figure it out.

Finally, Giving advice can go both ways in a heated situation between anything. You can give someone advice o how there doing in math like you saw their math test score and you give them advice on how to study. They cantake that so far and think you think they're dumb or stupid. Or you can give someone advice about their relashonship. If they have never been in a relashionship before tell them the basics or how to treat a girl right or just anything good that helps build a good relationship with their partner. For example if your best friend comes to you for advice on how to make a girl happy or atleast show her that you love her or atleast care about her than you need to tel him how to do that because it might be his first one or no girl has treated him right and he's scared to love someone again.

In conclution, Going to someone for mulitiple options can be bad or can be good. Giving someone advice,more options on a decion or more views on a decions can really help someone thats stressed out about it. Help smeone who comes to you for help it means a lot to them.