Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. A summer project is used to keep a students skills sharp while they are away from school. A summer project can be things like reading a certain amount of books for English, or, making a model of some sort for Engineering. The opposition wrongly believes that summer projects should be teacher designed because the teacher knows a students strengths' and weaknesses. Although some may believe that summer projects are a teachers job to design, it should be known that the student should be able to design their own summer project.

There are many immediate benefits of a students planning their own project. An example of an immediate benefit is a person strengthening their skills. Strengthening a persons skills is when they work on skills that are not as strong as their other ones. For example, one way to sharpen a persons math skills would be to make a project focused solely on math, or, a person can make a project where they type a book to strengthen their writing skills. Sharpening a persons skills can help them because, when they go back to school their skills would have improved. Another immediate of a student planning their own project is learning some pizzazz. Pizzazz is a persons little twist on something. For example, a student can add a little dance or rap to a presentation that they have to make their project fun so that it wont be so boring. Learning pizzazz can benefit a student by teaching them to have fun while learning. The last immediate benefit of a student designing their own project is they learn responsibility. Responsibility is a sign of maturity in young adults. For example, a students teacher is expecting them to get a project done over the summer, so, the student gets it done with no hesitation. Responsibility helps a student by teaching them to be responsible which makes them more mature when they get back from summer break and be ready to learn.

There are many benefits that a student can use in the long run from designing their own projects. One benefit they learn is work ethic. Work ethic is a persons perseverance to get the job done in enough time and it be done correctly. For example, if a teacher assigns a summer project that the student must design, having work ethic pushes you to get it done. Having work ethic makes a students work much easier and relieves teachers of stress. Another benefit a student can learn is planning skills. Planning skills are skills that help a student plan activities or events. For example, a student needs to plan a project but lacks planning skills they would not know what to do. Planning skills help a student by teaching them to plan so that when the time comes to plan something they are ready. The final benefit a student learns from designing their own summer projects is creativity. Creativity is a persons sense of imagination and a way for people to express themselves. For example, being creative on a project can show people a persons character and a persons mindset. Creativity can help a person in the long run by teaching a person how to stand out in a group of people.

Although some may think summer projects are a teachers job to design, it should be known that the design of a summer project is students job. The opposition wrongly believes that summer projects should be a teachers job due to the fact that they know what to give us in order to strenghten our weaknesess. However suummer projects should be student designed because of the immediate benefits such as strengthening a students skills, it teaches responsibility, and pizzazz, also there are benefits in the long run such as a better work ethic, planning skills, and creativity. 