"I don't need to go to school for to learn new things, I can learn the same things in my home" Some students believe that is not necessary go to school to learn because they can attend classes from home. Some schools offers distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home. This is a good option for students whose can not come to school for their jobs or their kids but, they want to study and to get a High School Diploma. The majority of people assure that students need come to school for to learn but, they are wrong because students can learn the same things at home. Many students would be benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

First, Some students can not come to school everyday because they have a full-time job and their parents do not support them. For example, Many students do not have the same opportunities than others students so, they have to become independent. As a result, they have to leave from their homes and to find a job so, they sacrifice to study because they don't have time to come to school. With this option, they can go to work then, they can take their classes at home after work without to feel pressure by their responsibilities.

Second, This option can avoid the absents for students don't like come to school. For example, Some students don't like come to school and they prefer stay at home because they are attacking by schools' bullies. These students feel more confident in their home than in the school and, they believe that this option is the best way for to solve their school's problems. They also prefer this option because they are shy and they don't like to speak or to do presentations in front of the class by the students make fun of them.

Another reason for this option can would help many students is the students have kids and they can not come to school by their kids because they don't like that another person take care their kids and they prefer stay at home with their kids than come to school. Attending classes from home is an excellent strategy for students whose can not come to school by their kids because they will can take the classes and to get a High School Diploma without to leave their kids with someone else.

As you can see, Many students would benefit form being able to attend classes from home because it's a big opportunity to finish their High School even if they can not come to school frequently by their jobs or kids. It also helps students don't feel confident in the school for schools' bulliers or their feelings.         