Summer projects are often assigned to students to ensure learning continues over the summer. They help keep students' hands moving and gears turning. Projects are typically designed by teachers, however, when made by students the work load is easier to handle and is best fitted to each, individual student. Teachers can't always make classwork fun and engaging. By having a student make their own project, it takes the work load off the teacher and gives the student work they will enjoy doing. Additionally, most projects made by teachers have the same structure, therefore, it would be easier for students to cheat. Lack of supervision and a surplus of free time can lead to unwanted collaborations.

Everyone knows students dislike school, It has loud teachers and bone numbing A/C. Students are constantly falling asleep in class, not listening, and avoiding work. Being assigned a project over their sunny Summer break must be a bummer, right? That's what most people think, but assigning work that students have more liberty over can give them the upper-hand. They can choose a project that they have the supplies for, set it so it doesn't take much effort or time, and not to mention, they can be creative! They get an opportunity to explore something they're passionate about. And when a student is passionate about something, they make sure everyone knows.

Projects take up time. In the Summer, time is in excess. Giving out a project makes sure they always have something to do. Students loose a lot over their break, they come back to school perplexed at a simple math problem. Take Generic_Name into example, she's an A-B student but every summer she looses what she learned that school year and it takes a few weeks for her to get back on track. Usually her first report card has C's and even D's. But one summer in 10th grade she was assigned two projects and her first report card in 11th grade had ALL A's! She was way ahead of the class and felt more confident when completing her assignments. Practice is key to gaining knowledge. With students tongue tied, Summer projects help turn their question marks into exclamation points!

The teacher may also get a better understanding of his/her students. They get to see what they like, what inspires them, what makes them mad, what makes them said or what they have strong opinions on. It makes it easier to relate to a generation that seems illegible on the exterior. Kids can be confusing, especially with the professional relationship of teachers and students. They can't be as personal with their students, even then, there's too many to even try!

Student-made projects give teachers an easy window into their individuality. Future projects may also improve and become better suited to the audience. Complaints about the complexity or disappointment of their assignment will disappear. And, yet again, the work load that is removed. No more stressing about what they should learn, just some simple guidelines and grading rubric. They could even make their own!

Teachers put a lot of effort into their job, some would say the most out of any job. Their own money and heart is put into their work. They buy students supplies and are even are taught as if they were the teacher's own! There will always be that one kid that wants to show off and ends up biting off more than he can chew. Teachers give great structure by making it themselves. Projects are also easier to grade because they would all have the same structure. Summer projects can be a great way to keep minds growing over that long break, it just depends on the situation as to who should create the project.