"Hey citizens, im here to tell you the advantages of limting car usage." Imagine a life without car usage. Your life will be alot easier and less tense. You can only park your car in the garage or if your a car owner you can buy space along with a home. Stores are now moved out the malls and put a walk way and on a main street. People can walk, bike, skete, or take buses to work or school, leaving the streets free of traffic jams. Let me tell you why these 4 reasons are important.

Your life will be a lot easier and less tense without car usage. You can be able to ride your bike on the streets without cars. You can walk out your house and take a walk without having to worry about a car behind you. Even kids can play safe outside now when the are not out there. That why your life will be easier and less tense.

You can only park your car in the garage, or if your a car-owner you can buy space along with a home. There will be a lot more room on the streets. The streets won't seem so crowded as always. You can't have home garages, driveways, and you can't street park, they are strictly forbidden. That is why they made this rule.

Stores are now moved on a main street and a walk away. This is a great purpose for people who likes to walk and jog. You don't have to worry about traveling far to reach certain stores. You can walk out your house and go to any store of your choice. The main street is also helpful, thats where all the big marketing stores are. A great idea made for everyone.

people who walk,bike,skate, or take buses to work or school is another way to transport. If you live near or far from your job or school you can do the following I listed. Doing this helps delay traffic jams so it won't be any collisions on the road. With this in effect, parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city. The whole world should have a car free day.

These are the advantages of limiting car usage. Your life will be a lot easier and less tense. You have to park in a garage or if your a car-owner you can buy space along with a home, this makes more space on the road and suburban streets. Stores are moved out of malls and had got put on main streets and a walk away from where you live. You can walk, bike,skate,or take a bus to transport. This is a great way to live your life.                                                                                                                                        