Dear principal,

I believe that students should be allowed to bring cell phones to school and be allowed to use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as the phones are turned off during class time. Students, much like my self, need to use cell phones for many reasons during school like calling a parent, and if students cannot use their own phones, they would always be going into the office needing to use a school phone. Also, now-a-days, students can do things like check their email on their phones which is very handy when you need to see about practice times and what not.

Many times during school I have to call my mom to tell her things like when to pick me up after school from sports practice or to tell her if I need to stay late to take a test.

My parents also need to contact me when I am at school if they are running late or if they need to pick me up early. One time I wasn't able to contact my mom and she came at the wrong time to pick me up and had o wait for an hour at my basketball practice. If I cannot have my phone at school I would have many problems contacting my parents through out the day and would have to go the office all the time.

This would then become a problem for the school office. Students would be going in all the time needing to use a school phone. Plus, teachers would have to constantly be having to give out messages to students form their parents. It would be a constant bother and would make it harder for the people in the office to do their work. This would not only be a bother, but would also make the phone bill go way up and be very expensive.

We are not allowed in the building at lunch so we are not able to go on the computers to check our emails. Because we now have email on our phones we can check it to do things like get caught up on homework, check practice times for plays or games, and even email teacher. If we need to do homework at lunch but need to use the internet we can use our phones to look up things or go to a special web site.

Clearly phones during school lunches or breaks are necessities. They are much needed for things like contacting parents and using internet connection. The world of technology is moving fast so we need to move with it as a school. Please take into mind this policy.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME      