Your principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

For example, students could participate in sports, work on the yearbook, or serve on the student council.

I don't think it's fair for students.

I disagree with this because students shouldn't be forced to do anything they don't want to do, they might not have transportation, and they might lack interest in whatever they're doing.

One reason I disagree with this is because students shouldn't be forced to participate in any extracurricular activity.

When you are forced to do something you don't want to do, it can take up your free time.

For example, if I wanted to go home and sleep or play video games I wouldn't be able to because i would have to participate in my after school activity.

This could also take away time you could've spent with family.

For example, if you and your family were supposed to go out to eat when you got out of school, they would have to wait for you to finish whatever activity you are doing in school.

Another reason I disagree with this is because students might not have transportation.

If you are participating in an activity after school, you're going to need some type of tansportation to get back home.

For example, basketball practice is over and you have no ride, you would have to walk home or try to catch a ride with a teammate.

This could be dangerous because you're not always going to catch a ride, and one day you'll have to walk.

Walking anywhere could be dangerous because you will have to be alert at all times because you never know who could be following you.

Lastly, I disagree with this because students might lack interest in what they are doing.

When a student lacks interest in something it is usually taken lightly by them.

There is no reason to force a student to do something they don't have interest in.

If you force a student to do something they have zero interest in, they might try to rebel by not participating.

Therefore, they are just taking up space in a classroom, gym, ect.

In conclusion i disagree with this because students might lack interest, shouldn't be forced to do anything they don't want to do, and they might not have transportation. If you dont have transportation you won't be able to get to and from your activity.

If you are forced to do something you don't want to, it takes up time.

When you lack interest you are taking up space wherever you are,