Did you ever work on yearbook, play a sport, or serve on student council? These are all extracurriculars that could be provided at your school. Students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it helps with college prep, helps with stress, and doesn't take much time.

Working on a extracurricular can helps you prepare for college. When you send in your college application they not only look a grades but what you bring to the table. If you play football they might want you for there football team or if you play in band they might want you for there school band. Colleges also give out scholarships for certain activities. If you were good enough at your extracurricular you may even qualify for financial help to pay for college. It shows that you can stick with something and that you are a hard worker and you can keep working even when something is new and difficult. Colleges look at these kinds of things its important to be prepared and accomplished.

Taking a break in the middle of the day and going to a fun class that you choose can really help with stress. It lets you take a break between your academic classes. You some times end up sitting for hours doing math,science, and reading you can become tired and stop focusing. Taking a hour to thirty minutes to stretch, run around, and talk is good for you it can help with your drowsiness and boredom. Taking a break and doing something you love and enjoy could only benefit you. Sports or things like art also improve motor skills and can have a calming affect they can also increase melitonin production in your brain which helps with anxiety and depression. Not only does this mean that it can help with any conditions you may have but also allows personal improvement to take place. Taking time for yourself and picking a class you will enjoy can help you reduce stress.

Some people may say that its a wast of time and you could be doing something academic with that time and that other activities would be more appropriate for the school day. however, there are academical purposes for these activities you could learn a language or take a extra class to get help with math. It is all up to what you want to do with that extra class. Spending six hours of your day sitting and doing work only to get a break to eat is not good for you. If changing that means you waste a half a hour to just run around or talk then so be it.

Some my look at these classes and say they are a waste of time and a distraction from the important classes but the also help in the long run.

Students need to take a break and join a class they enjoy it will help them with college prep, although them to take a break, and is a good use of there time. There are many benifits to allowing your self time to work on personal goals and make time for yourself

It doesnt need to be a large amount of time or the most acidemic class it just needs to be a class that you enjoy. 