We are coming to a time in history where our knowledge of technology is at an all time high. We have new phones, computers, ipods, and a bunch of different devices that we use in our everyday lives that we depend on every single day. As technology advances we see many new inventions and usful things come into our lives. Some of these things can cause a harm to the people in different ways, but some are things that will change the way we look at life, one invention that will change all of peoples lives forever, in the good way, is the driverless car. These cars will change how we as a people go about our every day lives and how we handle ourselves.

There are quite a few major benifits to the driverless car, for instance, the cars will be able to cut down on the amount of injurys and even deaths for texting and driving. Instead of having to try and drive while answering a text message people will be able to look down and talk on the phone while the car in driving itself. Another way this car will benifit us is how effective it will be at cutting down pollution. The driverless cars will cut the gas used in half in major areas where taxi's are one of the main sources of transportation. This will help the entire planet by cutting down the hurt on the ozone layer.

This car has other benifits as well. Such as it's constantly updating 3-D sensors that make the car aware of what is around it. This improves safety and the reliablity of the cars giving the person in the car more confidence in what it is doing. The cars also contain a feature that would alert the person in the car if there was something coming up that the car may not be able to handle on its own. This improves safety and majorly brings down the amount of crashes.

However, these cars are not perfect by any means. They are sitll a work in progess meaning they will have some difficulties, or things that would hold them back. One of those things being that even thought the cars dont have a driver needed most the time, they will still need the drivers to take over in some situations. These include times when they are approaching a car accident or road work. They will have to be driven by the driver to get around it. They also have a confusing part to them. If they do in fact get into an accident whose fault would it be? The human who owns the car or the manufacturer? This could cause for some long and dramatic legal cases no body wants to deal with.

The advancment in technology in recent years has led to many ground greating discoveries. With the way we are headed we may be in store for a world full of technology. Will driverless cars be a factor in the future? If they can perfect it and get them up and running, then yes they can.