With the rise of computers and technology, being updated and improved every day, Generation Z has access to many more opprotunities. One of which including access to schooling and education from anywhere. This would allow fo many students to take the courses they want or need. Although distance learning may allow access to specific classes and ease travel conflicts for students, attending classes at school benefits students through face-to-face learning and discussion, no technological hassels, and an improved socail aspect to students.

Face-to-face learning has many benifits, not to only students but staff and administration as well. When having this direct communicaiton, students are able to have a better understanding of concepts and can directly ask questions with immediate answers. In-school learning allows for connection between the teacher and student, developing a more trusting and improved learning atmosphere. Face-to-face learning also has a lower percentage of cheating, as there is a proctor for tests and assignments, while kids taking an online test have easier access and a greater temptation to cheat on the class. The in-class connection and learning allows for students to have a better understanding of concepts and helps to stop cheating.

Learning from home requires students, parents, and teachers to have access to computers. Even if they have access to these computers, the technology they have may not be up-to-date enought to be able to run programs needed for the classes, leading to more cost for the family and/or administration. On top of that, even the most renound applications and software have "bugs" and "glitches" in their programming and in their hardware. These design issues would cause hardships for students and teachers, eliciting an increased sense of stress and anxiety for all parties. This stress would lower scores of students, and would force teachers to try to understand why their student cannot grasp a concept, when it was just a network issue. Without the need for technology to take classes, both students and teachers would have an easier and improved learning enviornment.

Lastly, when not sitting behind a computer, students can make friends with teachers and their peers. This social aspect to schooling is essential, as it allows for students an escape from the hardships of reality. This interaction with others is necessary for the human specie, as the brain relies on a social atmosphere to cope with emotional, mental, and physical trauma. The access to find other people relieves stress and anxiety on students. It allows for students to engage and start developing healthy relationships at a young age, eliciting better preperation in the future. These social aspects also play into how students will act in the future. With the ability to make friends and talk with others face-to-face, students gain the skills of public speaking and communication necessary for future jobs and relationsips.

Students need a face-to-face interation with others in order to learn. It allows for growth and development in the mind for the future. In-school experiences allow for students to flourish into social beings, eliciting an ease to the future. In conclusion, students need the ability to attend classes in person.