Distance learning recently started being considered as a result of the outbreak of

COVID-19

or

Corona virus in the United States and the rest of the world. The pandemic could cause the closure of all

Generic_City schools, leading to distance learning where student get to stay home and study online; therefore, preventing the spread of the virus and protecting the students. Some schools in Generic_City in Virginia are closing Monday, March 16 giving time to staff to prepare to distance learning.

As a student, I personally endorse the use of distance learning, as it offers multiple benefits and advantages. Teachers can assign work to students online that can be later on turned in online as well, students have more freedom on managing their time and making their own schedule, instead of the imposed 7 to 2 school schedule. Staying home provides students comfort and privacy and dispose to everything they need and this could solve social anxiety in some students. It also allows students more sleep freedom as they are not required to wake up at 6 AM 5 days a week and be sleep deprived because of poor time management.

Some parents and teachers are against distance learning for various reasons: Teachers think that students are going to have a hard time studying at home by themselves, as they have to do the teaching and the learning at the same time without having a teacher to lecture by their sides. Teachers also think that a student needs to ask them questions in order for them to learn and that it is impossible to do so via distance learning.

I disagree with this because I think modern problems require modern solutions. With today's technology, everything is possible online, a solution to students not having someone to lecture them could be an online video conference with the teacher that is also at home, allowing the students to ask questions and interact directly with the teacher.

The opinion varies amongside of the parents however, some of them are unaware of the deadliness of the virus and think that their children should go to school regardless of the outbreak. In addition to that, parents think that their irresponsibility could cause them to fail the year; therefore, should not be allowed that much freedom.

That is not true because most of us are adults and responsible, and for those who have a history of being irresponsible, should be monitored by their parents at home to make sure they are working and doing their dues. Other more protective parents state that school enclosures should be enforced as soon as possible to limit infections of the deadly virus.

The United States of America should take Italy as an example, as the country has now closed all schools and set a quarantine across the country to prevent further spread of the

COVID-19 virus.

Distance learning should be enforced as soon as possible before the inevitable happens and that the virus speads more resulting in the death of young students.    