Attending classes at home is not a great benefit for a student to learn and have better skills because they would not concentrate, many noises in the house that are going on that cause them hard to focus on their learning, online learning that will be a bad influence for a student because of the messages that are popping on their phone or computer that is a distraction that will make students fail their learning, students that have sisters or brother in their house that will be a hard time for them to learn.

Firstly, everyone knows that in a house their is a lot of noises that are going on by their parent yelling, brothers or sisters their distracting, or is your house is being repaired a lot of tool noises. Some teenagers get annoyed by that problem, so by taking classes at home that will make students to not focus, learn less, and what future will they have.

Secondly, online learning that is bad influence for a student because their is lot of traffic going on phones or computers one of them are messages. Messages are a distraction for a student to learn or focus when they are learning. For example, this student was learning online and than he see a message pop on his screen of his device that is probably from his parents or friend text and he gets' untask what he was watching or learning.

Lastly, many students have brothers or sisters and taking classes at home that will be one of the problems that students will have. You know that little brothers or sisters will be a distraction when you are studying at home. Generally, going to school and learning their that will be a great choice by the government than rather taking classes at home. You get better skills or learning in school because it is all in order.

Although many students will like this idea taking classes at home by just grabbing their computers or phone and ready to study. Their is a main reason why they would like t because their will not be teachers' to tell them where to sit, to be quiet or getting in trouble.

In conclusion, this are the three main things that i disagree that taking classes at home will be a benefit for students because many noises in the house that are going on that cause them hard to focus on their learning, online learning that will be a bad influence for a student because of the messages that are popping on their phone or computer that is a distraction that will make students fail their learning, students that have sisters or brother in their house that will be a hard time for them to learn.                                                                                     