Dear Principle,

The Policy 1 think would be better to use is policy 1 which states " Allow students to bring phones to school and use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as the phones are turned off during class time" because, there will be less students using phones in the class room, not as many students will be sent to the office, and is better then policy 2 ( no phones at all).

Policy 1 would be a better solution for the cell phones because, less students will be using them in the classrooms. By having less students using them in the classrooms more will be paying attention to what the lesson is, instead of focusing on how to make sure the teacher doesn't see the phone they are trying to hide. Having the students pay attention in class it will raise there grade. By having the phones out during lunch or any free time gives the students the advantage to reach a parent if needed, to remind or ask a question.

Letting the students have their phones out during lunch or free time is a better solution for the phone problem because, not as many students will be sent to the office for phone issues. Most of the time when a student is seen with a phone the teacher takes it. The student is then angry and ready to fight back for their property. As the teacher and student fight back and fourth the teacher then decides to send the student out for talking back and being disrespectful. Not only now do you have a child who is mad because they lost their phone but is in more trouble for being rude.

Policy 1 is a better solution than having no phones at all because we are now back to the beginning. Now we have student sneaking their phones, being uncivil, and lets add on angry parents. Now we have parents who have to take time out of their work day to come and pick their child's phone up, or having to talk with the teacher about what had happen. So all in all we have a student who lost their phone, sent to the office, and now is in trouble at home, all because he/she couldn't wait to say something.

As you can hopefully see policy 1 is a much better discovery than policy 2 which states no phones allowed. In conclusion by using policy 1 you have a better day and so does your student! So make the switch to policy 1!