I believe that driverless cars are and are going to be a great piece of technology development.

Driverless cars could give us a life changing future.

Driverless cars may sound questionable to some people but, I believe they could be safer than our vehicles today.

Google, BMW, GM, Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan have been working on creating safe, driverless vehicles for the last 10-15 years.

How far they have come in just this short amount of time amazed many people.

How far they are still planning to come will blow some people away.

Sensors alone have come a long way in just the past 10 years.

They are built to detect danger and respond to danger in possible accidents.

What the sensors can detect is far better than the response and control of a human driver

(ParaG 5).

The car is not totally driverless. I find this to be a plus for driverless cars.

Because technology is not always reliable, humans do need to assist with some of the things that technology can't be reliable for.

Just in 2013 BMW announced the "Traffic Jam Assistant."

Then it could drive up to 25 mph.

Only going 25 mph, the car requires the driver to hold onto the wheel.

All the vehicles are designed to warn or notify the driver when it needs humans skills.

Companies are coming up with many ways to inform the human that assistance is needed.

Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009.

Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash (ParaG. 2).

Human drivers today have crashes daily.

No matter what, everytime someone gets in a car they are putting their life in danger. I believe that with the new technolgy advances in driverless cars, the number of car crashes would decrease tremendously.

Overall I believe that the advances for driverless vehicles have come so far in their development in just a short number of years. I think that driverless vehicles will be a safer and more efficient way of driving for our future.

They will be saving lifes daily, and saving money in the long run.                                          