Phones and Driving

Technology has taken the world to new heights in numerous ways. The invention of cars being able to take us places quicker than a horse proved that anything could happen. Mobile phones grew just as popular and took over the world with their unfathomable functions, designs, and capabilities. The way that people are so heavily into their phones and the problem with not having good drivers on the road or when those are combined make driving a combo that no one wants to see.

The usage of phones should not be allowed while driving by any means necessary. Phones divert people's focus and show that we are easily engrossed in them, being sidetracked is one of the things that are not needed on the road. The distractions of phones cause people to bump into things from household to public and it shows that staring at a phone is too much for most humans to multitask.

If a phone is needed for directions, then it should be set before driving or placed upon a stand of some sort on the dashboard of the car so that looking down for a long period of time does not lead to danger. In addition, texting can be held off and can be answered by simply pulling over to check rather than be a hazard on the road by taking either one or two hands off of the steering wheel.

Using a phone while driving has caused many to be severely injured or has led to the death of the driver, passengers, the people in the other vehicle, and/or unsuspecting pedestrians. There is no justifiable reason for someone to use their phone, the lives of few or many can be affected by someone's foolish actions. Others should not have to pay the price of someone else's actions by suffering from serious injuries, losing someone they love, or even worse their life.

In summary, the temptation to use a phone while driving should be taken away by turning the phone upside down or turning the phone off until the destination is reached, a music playlist should already be made in advance so that skipping an unwanted song does not happen. Commercials and ads should be increased and tell the consequences in a slightly harsher way and to get people to truly understand how much people value their life just as much as they do theirs. Phones should be needed to connect to cars to turn the phone off or through that way people tell of the message that is received. All in all, people should just stop using their phones while driving and should just think about others around them.

2            