Driverless cars in my opinion wouldn't with the people I know in my community. This is because it would take away from the the experience of being behind the wheel of a vehical. Yes driverless cars might be safer but why should they be forced to lose something that is enjoyedable to most individuals. If states just worked as hard on enforcing and finding new ways on keeping the roads safe we could avoid the dangers of human driven cars and they could still have their experience.

Personally, I could see driverless cars as a great oppurtunity to look into because it can keep the roads safe and the person behind the wheel can do whatever they would like. Therefore they should be ready to take over at anytime. I also like this idea because the passage stated that driverless cars would take half the fuel of today's taxis. There are many positives to this but I question how well the car would be able to keep the driver awake. The passage said that the car would be watching the driver to make sure they're aware but I'm afraid that some people may fall asleep not be easily awaken. Another concern I would be afraid to get into a car that relies on so much more technology. Any of the sensors cameras could mess up or even the warning displays could go wrong. This would be a big issue for me. With those concerns i also have plenty of positives with this new idea.

The passage says that they'll have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. I think that is a wonderful thought and could possibly keep someone aware if they're into the process of being in a driverless car. Most people today love to text and multitask in the car and that can be a problem in cars which are driven only by humans. But in this case of a intergrated process would give them that option of being on devices and doing other activities becuase it would help them stay awake and could be able to take over quickly. If they find a way to make it fun and find a way to make it a enjoyable experince i think most people will be into the safer and more effiecent taxi. Overall I think this is a great idea and could possiblly be the key to keeping people safe on the roads.                  