Driverless cars are featured in the a lot of sci-fy movies, but are they really as wonderful as movies make them seem? This question is what is being adressed in the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming". A fully driverless car would not be optimal because the whole idea would be too expensive to address, nobody will pay attention to the road at all, and things could easily go wrong with a machine.

First I will explain how the whole idea of these 'driverless cars' would be too exensive. As stated in paragraph 3, "...they require massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical". Now in this situation, they are talking about these roadways that would control the driverless cars. But, even if we didnt make the roads entirely like suggested in the article, we would still have to change roads all across America in some ways because they wouldn't be fit for a car to control. This would also suggest that off roading, or back road driving would be very challenging for any vehical, or computer to handle.

Second, I will explain how people will not pay attention to the roads at all. How exactally can you be certian that someone is doing something they are supposed to do? How can you force them? You can't. The most ideal way that these 'driverless cars' would be used, would be to assist companies with deliveries, so the driver of the truck could sleep and the truck could continue driving through the night, less stops = ideal time of delivery. But if the driver has to stay alert the whole time to take over in rough situations, they what even is the point of having automated cars past the point of assistance?

Lastly, I would like to address that things go wrong with machines all the time. So what would make a 'driverless car' any different? If we have to constantly be worried about how the automated car is running, or how the condition of it is, then we might as well just take that effort and apply it to ourselves. I can bet that these cars will not be 100% accident free, and neither are people. So if they arent really gong to benefit us in a large way, what would be the point of all the effort that would go into making this possible? Here's the answer; there isnt one.

In conclusion, a fully driverless car would not be optimal because the whole idea would be too expensive to address, nobody will pay attention to the road at all, and things could easily go wrong with a machine. So to answer my questions; no, driverless cars are not as wonderful as they seem. Yes they are a nice thought and after being perfected could probably help out the shipping industries a lot. Personally, I wouldn't want to drive on a road filled with people not paying attention. In worse case senarios, everyone involved would be caught off guard causing more harm than good.   