Although distance learning is a great option for schools to potentially use, there are reasons why its both beneficial and non-beneficial. The bad can outweigh the good, and the good can outweigh the bad. Some students can benefit, but some may not. In today's day and age students are getting increasingly lazy, and due to the continuous amount of laziness, we have an obesity epidemic, not just with teens, with most of the population. People just dont take care of themselves, and if some students got to stay home for class, it may get worse. Although, for some students, they may benefit. They can stress much less, be able to manage time better, and take care of their health effectively.

In the U.S., we have an obesity epidemic, and its only getting worse. Allowing students to attend classes from home gives them more access to unhealthy junk food (like chips and candy), and less motive to stay healthy and work out. During school, you have class changes, where you can walk, get in a little bit of exercise. You're also required to take gym at least once, in most public schools. The lunch options are also getting healthier, a good mixture of protein, carbs, fruits, and vegetables. These options and requirements may spark a change in the mindset of these students, these might push them to do better for themselves. But, if someone who is obese is allowed to take classes from home, that gives them a greater chance at furthering their obesity. They can sit around, and snack while taking their classes. They dont have to eat the necessary food groups. They aren't required to go outside and exercise. They're not getting graded on that. Yes, there may be gym class online. But who's to say that they'll be heavily monitored like in a public school setting. They could be let of the hook, not pushed as hard as public school students are pushed, not monitored, or graded for participation that was rightly earned. They could laze around all day, not trying to better themselves or at least somewhat care for themselves. They wouldn't have to strive to get a good grade in classes like gym, like in a public school.

As said before, the health of the U.S. isnt something to proudly show off, but not all of it is due to obesity. We have diabetes, heart conditions, and so many other health problems. There are also mental health conditions. These all make going to school an extra tough part of the day, its debilitating. If students were allowed to take classes from home, they would be able to manage their health better. They could take mental health days without worrying about missing too much school, and not have to go to the nurse or worry when their blood sugar is dropping or spiking. Due to them being able to eat what food they have at home, and being able to track it more effectively than in a school setting. Students would also be able to get up later, sleep in, not having to worry about looking good for their peers, or straining themselves to wake up early. They could also possibly eat healthier, more organic food than what school has. Taking home classes could enable them to better their mindset, and continue trying to eat better and more healthily. They can take their health more seriously, not be sleep deprived or nutrient deprived. The condition of their well being and mental/physical health could improve drastically.

Although we may have problems with the school system, there are some things you can't replace. There are benefits to taking home classes, but it can be non-beneficial. Yes, mental health and physical health can improve for some, but it can be worse for others. Every student is different, every student needs a different way of teaching. Whether it be to come to school, or to stay home and take home classes. Not everyone benefits from the same thing, seeing as the examples listed were contradictory for specific groups. Yes it can help health conditions, but it may be the opposite for the unhealthy.

The idea of doing classes from home is so-so, the examples are a could/couldn't situation. It may happen for some, but it may not for others. Every student knows what they need personally, but not every school is capable of doing what they need. 