Phones and Driving

Phones and driving is a really big problem in today's society. There are many arguments' related to this topic. One of the major arguments is if drivers should or should not be able to use their cell phones while operating a vehicle. We all have our different thoughts and opinions related to this topic. I personally think people shouldn't be able to use their cell phones while operating a vehicle. There are many reasons why I say this

It is very dangerous to use a cell phone while operating a vehicle. There have been many cases where people get in accidents or die or even kill someone else because of cell phone distraction. Day by day there are accidents, majority of the time is because drivers are distracted and not focused in driving safely and checking their surroundings. Cell phones are now a part of our everyday life and as well as our vehicles. We can't get distracted so easily with our cell phones when we are trying to get from one place to another using a vehicle. People should always be cautious when operating a vehicle regardless if using a phone or not.

In addition to this, drivers should really only use their phones for navigation only if they are heading to a place they don't know of. Our phones have a GPS and it helps us get from one place to another and I feel like that should only be the reason why we use our phones while operating a vehicle. This will help drivers stay focused and away from any other distractions. I believe that drivers should be aware that a call or a text can wait, and if it's a serious emergency they should pull over before risking a chance to have an accident or possibly kill themselves or someone else. Being safe is the first thing drivers should have in mind before and while operating a vehicle.

Furthermore, there are drivers with a lot of experience in driving. Many people think they are good drivers but accidents can happen to anyone. Many teens start driving at an early age. According to the AAA the percentage of teens that acknowledge the risk of cell phone, use while driving is 94%. Although this is the case 35% of those teens admitted of doing it anyway. In addition, teen drivers are four times more likely to get into car crashes than adults because of cell phone use. They both have a risk and an accident can happen to anyone.

Finally, I believe that every driver should always be cautious and have in mind the risk there is when it comes to driving. In general, driving can be very dangerous and especially if you are distracted with your phone. Distractions can easily cause an accident at any time and moment. There is always going to be danger on the road regardless how good of a driver you are. I think drivers can wait a few minutes to reply to a text instead of causing a tragedy and never ever be able to reply to another text message. Cell phones are in our everyday use as well as our vehicles, it is better to see an everyday rather than to distract yourself today and not see tomorrow. This is why I believe drivers should not be able to use their phone while operating a vehicle.   