How would you like to spend your summer? A teacher controlling your summer or you controlling your own summer? If some schools require students to do projects during their summer break, then these projects should be student designed. There are plenty of reasons why these projects should be student designed. First reason is since students are taking their break time to do school work then students should be able to design they own project. Second reason is if students design their own projects, then this means that they have more time to complete the project. Third reason is students will take a break from school subjects and be able to design their own project.

First, students are taking their own break time to do school projects, then they should be able to design their own projects. For example, if a student is going on vacation for 80 days and summer break is 78 days then this means he wont have that enough time to complete his assigned project. If its an assigned project then this takes time, you have to do researches. But if the project is self designed then the student can possibly finish the project in within 2-4 hours since it is self designed.

Secondly, if students design their own projects, then this means that they have more time to complete the project. For example, it is up to students if they want to complete the project in 1 or 2 months. They can take their own time and go on their own phase. Unlike if its teacher assigned, then this means there is most likely a due date assigned by the teacher.

Lastly, if the project is student designed then students will take a break from school subjects and be able to design their own project. For example, school subjects can be stressful at times. A lot of students do not like social studies. If the project is about social studies then students will get frustrated. So if the project is student designed then the student can do the project based on any topic they feel comfortable doing.

In conclusion, these are my three reasons why the school projects should be student designed, since students are taking their break time to do school work then students should be able to design they own project. Another reason is if students design their own projects, then this means that they have more time to complete the project. Last reason is students will take a break from school subjects and be able to design their own project. 