Have you ever done something you didn't want to do because your parents made you do it? This makes you annoyed at your parents because they just ignored what you wanted to do. It is bad enough that your parents make you do the activity, but what if your principal made you do it. This is why I disagree with our principal making us do extracurricular activities. It is our life, most kids already do extracurricular activity, and some kids don't have time.

It is our life not the principals. If we want to do activities outside of school it should be our families chose not the principals. Principals job is to be in charge when school is in session, so extracurricular activities happen after school not during school hours. Life is supposed to be enjoyed not suppressed by the principal. We are 8th graders we have a lot of freedom while in school, so why would the school be able to take our freedom away when we aren't in school. We should get to decide our own path not the principal.

Most kids already do extracurricular activities. They help us make new friends, us can get better, and you could be really good and get scholarships. Some kids can't afford extracurricular activities as their is usually a joining fee or yearly fee to be in the club. Kids do extracurricular activities because they look good on college resume, but some kids don't want to go to college. They might not want to take on so much debt or they want a job that doesn't require a degree. Extracurricular activities are good for some, but not all.

Kids don't always have time. Some kids are put in tough situations whether it is money, gang violence drugs, mom and dad divorce, or foster care. They need their families help to fight through these tough times. If they are staying after school until five and have to ride the bus home it probably won't be until six until they get home. Then an hour of homework and eating dinner and it is already seven and they have had no family time yet. Their parents might also work multiple jobs to make just enough money to scrape by, so their parents might not even be home. If the kids got home at normal time they could help clean their own house or make some extra cash for the family. Everybody has tough times, but if they are spent with people who care about them they can go by faster.

I disagree with the principal making us do extracurricular activities. I don't think forcing people to do them is the answer to every bodies problems. Extracurricular activities are helpful for some people but it depends on the situation for what the best way to solve the issue is whether it means seeing a therapist or spending more time with your family. It should be up to the family what is done not our principal.