Teachers can justify students knowledge more accurately than students. Teachers are very experienced compare to the students because they gained so much knowledge in their life. By doing the teacher designed projects, students can learn something that they did not know about. Teachers would know what topics they really need to focus on and what are the most important things they need to know about. Students summer projects should be designed by their teachers to make sure that they are being effective, hardworking and responsible for their work during the break.

Summer projects of the students should be designed by their teachers to make sure that the students are being effective during the summer break. Teachers know the academic ability of their student because they know how the students answers some specific types of questions, they know how the students think and understand. For Example, In my fifth grade there was a math teacher named Generic_Name. Ms. Generic_Name and I spent so much time with each other to discuss my mistakes on a test, She asked me do to test corrections on a paper. I solved all the questions correctly without a time limit, She came to me and said, "I knew you could do it, because I have seen you working very hard these days". Then, I realized that I knew how to solve these problems but I was scared to complete the test before the timer goes off because I did not know I could complete everything. This examples describes that the teachers know our academic ups and downs than ourselves. They also know what we need to learn to succeed in our class, So when they design a project to their students they make sure that the students are going to be effective on their break and learning something new which will help them in their future.

Summer projects of the students should be teacher-designed to make sure that the students are hardworking even during the summer break. Teachers know the capacity of hard work we do in our class, they observe the amount of effort that we put into different things like talking, reading, writing and singing, etc. For example, one of my teacher in 10th grade was really nice to me, she always used to ask me about my hobbies and interests. I had a presentation in her class and I went to ask her for help the day before the presentation because I was preparing for almost a month, I wanted to ask her if I did any mistakes in the slides. After I showed her my slides, she gave me a big hug an said "I know how hard you worked for this presentation, I gave you a hard project to see is you are capable to do it or not. Even though you came to United States two months ago, you did a fantastic job". I was very happy to hear her saying that I did good and on the day of my presentation I felt really confident on my work. This example explains how the teacher knew that I worked so hard to do my best. By assigning me a hard project based on my level of understanding, I worked hard to understand and analyze every single detail. That helped me to gain confidence on my self and my level of hard work improved a lot. When teachers design the project they make sure that the students are trying to work hard and they want to see how your working level is improving.

Summer projects of the students should be designed by their teachers to make sure that the students are being responsible for their work during the summer break. when teachers design the project they know how long it is going to take the students to complete the project and how well focused and responsible a student need to be while doing this project. For example, My history teacher in 10 grade was very strict, she always wanted our whole class to turn in everything that she posted online in one day. After 2-3 months of struggling in her class, everything was going really good till the last day of that academic year. All of my work was completed on time. This example says that even though I worked really hard in the beginning, when it came to the end of the year I was really happy for being responsible for my own work. By learning how to be responsible from that teacher, helped me a lot in all of my other classes too. Summer projects given by our teachers can make us feel responsible for ourselves, by doing the projects teach us how to be focused and concentrated to get them done on time. when the students design the project they take it easy because most of the students just pick something they already know or they already feel confident on, which will not make them feel responsible.

Teachers are very experienced to know how students think about something, they can understand what students know and what we do not know academically. They always try to teach us how to build our academic skills. They want the students to be in an amazing position, they always want to see the best from us because they know how the student are. Summer projects of the students should be teacher designed to make sure that they are being effective, hardworking and responsible for their work during the break. 