As the world begins to grow and expand, many people have found that living without cars can be more beneficial. Cities and suburbs around the world, have found that reducing car usage has a grest number of advantages. This is reducing pollution, and is reducing stress. The world is shifting into a new way of life, not involving cars.

Cars release a large amout of greenhouse gases into the atmospere every single day, and this is harming the environment. Experts explain that, "efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes" (Rosenthal), have been taking place in suburban communities in Germany. This has resulted with a, "12% of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50% in car-intensive areas in the United States" (Rosenthal). Also, Paris has seen near-record amounts of pollution and smog in the city, so the global city has limited motorists' driving on two days of the week, Monday and Tuesday. The climate in Paris, "[causes] the warm layer of air to trap car emissions" (Duffer), thoughout the atmospere in the city, but the limitation on motorists at the beginning of the week has allowed the smog to clear up.

Helping the environment is not the only benefit of reducing car usage, yet it can also relieve stress in your eveeryday life. There is no need to stress out over traffic, finding somewhere to park, or even paying the expences that come with owning a car. In Germany, most residents don't own cars, and Heidrun Walter explained that she is, "much happier this way" (Rosenthal), because she doesnt have to worry about traffic. She has enjoyed a healthier life style that is stress free, by walking or biking to the places she needs to be. In Colombia, there is a day that citizens will not use cars, once a year. Businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza agrees that, "it's a good opportunity to take away stress" (Selsky). There is no need to worry about rush hour, or other traffic.

Others don't see the advantages of reducing car usage. Delivery companies complain about the loss in revenue, yet they aren't thinking about the benefits. They can save their employees from stressing out, or even help the environment. Reducing car usage would be a huge cultural shift, that has many advantages.    