Astrology is a complicated field for many scientist to study. Scientist have been attempting to study different planets for many reasons. One great accomplishment many astrologist attemp is finding a way for life to reach these planets. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author reveals the many complicated reasons man can not reach Venus. The author reveals the dangerous aspect of heat and radiation. These dangers have set scientis back, but with many different ideas they are still striving to reach Venus. The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" emphasizes many valuable claims for the reasoning to explore Venus.

The author explains why scientist strive to study venus. Venus is refered to as Earth's "Twin" because it is closest to us in terms of distance and size and density. Scientist want to study it because, "the planet has a surface of roky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. This simular characteristics facinate scientis. Scientist want to find a way to reach Venus inorder to study it Earth like characteristics.

The author also emphasizes the issues with their aspiration to reach Venus. The biggest issue that scientis face is the issue of heat and radiation on the planet. The author reveals, "on the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. Because of this environment no man would be able to land on Venus and all spacecrafts do not surrvive. This invironment would liquify any metal. Even with these extrieme conditions scientist are determined to find a way.

The author explains how scientist have still attempted to find a solution to these issues. One idea scientis have is to send men to the planet but not allow them to land on the planet itself. The author explains that the scientists idea is to, "allow scientists to float above the fray." With this solution scientis would still be unable to land on the planet but are able to make observations from above. The author continues to share how scientis are not giving up and continuing to find a solution for scientis to study rock, setiment, and more. One of these ideas include, "simplified electronis made of silicon carbide." This has been tested in Venus like conditions and have lasted for three weeks. With this experiement scientist are able to come closer and closer to a solution. Scientist continue to find a solution for reaching Venus.

The author reveals throughout the article that it is important for scientist to explore Venus. Although there are many challenges to the exploration the author reveals that this should not stop scientist. Scientis will remain curious of the planet and eager to discover a way to reach the planets surrface. With studying Venus scientist are able to make connections between Earth and Venus. Scientis belive that Venus once looked like Earth and with discoveries on the planet scientist can draw conclusions about what happened on Venus. Venus is a complicated mysterious planet and scientist are eager to reveal it. 