Do you have any idea of what you want to do for a living? A lot of people have no idea, but most of them don't even try to figure it out. Thats why you need someone to push you in the right direction, and encourage you to do something you enjoy. You can't do something you love by standing there, you have experience new things. I believe the principle should have all the students participate in at least one activity, because people like to share connections with others and make new friends, it will look really good for the college you want to attend, and you have something to push yourself for and make you accomplish your goals.

I agree with the principle, because you can share connections with people. Having a friend to share your experiences and laughing with helps you accomplish more things. When having a friend there they tell you what their opinion is you can improve on your goal. Taking other people's advice shows how much you care about accomplishing your goal. Having a friend doesn't only mean their advice, but also they are there when your down. Your friends care about you and if your feeling upset or angry at yourself, your friends will be there with you and make you feel better.

The principle should have their students join activities, because you get the experience for college. Once you have something to thrive for it encourages you to keep on doing it. This means you don't want to get kicked off, so you get really good grades. Keeping you grades up is important and looks incredible to the college you want to get excepted into. Experiencing new things and doing them looks great when you try to get accepted into college. The more activities you do and experiences you have to show a college, the better it looks.

The principle is making you do more things, because they want you to accomplish your goals. Principles only want good futures for their students. When they push you to do an activity, they're helping you achieve goals and find something you love to do. This makes you want to do more and accomplish more. Having something to do and make you work for, is the what the point is in achieving your goal. You have to push yourself to do what you love, even if that means working hard all night, every night.

Inspiration is the key to a lot of things. Pushing yourself and working hard, is what you do for your goal. doing experiences and trying new things is amazing. Your principle just wants to work hard and do what you love. I agree with the principle, because people like to share connections with others, its look outstanding for the college you attend, and it makes you want to thrive for you goal. Do you think you should push yourself and try new things for what you love?        