Online classes are causing a worldwide debate. The question standing is can and will students benefit from online classes? Online classes from home has many advantages some of them being that students have limited distractions, it allows students to go at their own pace, and it is very convenient for most. Those who disagree state that it can reduce students work ethic and take them longer to complete simple assignments but that is not true. Although some may disagree, with the option of online classes being available students can benefit academically.

There are a variety of reasons why online classes benefit students. Students can accomplish more complex work. Students no longer will worry about finishing at the same time as others. These scholars will have more time to think and comprehend the task at hand. Online courses are really convenient. If students are sick or out of town they can can still complete their work if necessary. They set aside different times out of the day to do their designated work. Students will face limited distractions with online courses. Some students will not have to worry about loud noises and other students distracting them. Students also are not deterred by the time of the class like they are in regular classes.

There are further reasons why online classes can benefit students. Online courses can improve students self discipline. Students will learn how to manage their time and complete their work in a timely manner. Students face way less intensity when doing online courses at home. Students will not have to go through the struggles of sitting in a lengthy class trying to understand everything that is going on just to have to go to another lengthy class and have to comprehend all the information they learn in there as well. With online classes students are able to work at their own pace and lessen the chance of them becoming unmotivated because halfway through the assignment they have to go to another class. Online classes have easier access to the instructors. Students can quickly email their teacher a question when they face a problem or have difficulty comprehending the information. Students have more of the teachers attention when taking online courses they don't have to worry about interrupting the instructor teaching or worry about taking someones question.

Although some may disagree online classes can academically benefit students drastically. When taking online courses at home students face less distractions, have more of the teachers time, and greatly improve their self discipline. Those who disagree state that online classes will hinder students learning process and that students will take advantage of this option but that is not true. Online classes are important simply because of the advances students can make with this option being present. This topic is important because students should have the option of doing online courses or in school courses based on whats best academically for them.