The Electoral College has been a part of America since the beginning, but is it fair? Our country is a Democracy, which means " For the People" or " By the People". The Electoral College is not By the People. Yes, it has historcal value, but it no longer is what a Democracy is because of population changes and states being added to the country.

To begin with, Source 2 states " The Electoral College is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state." There is a popularity vote and then the Electoral College vote, most citizens think that the popularity vote will win because that candidate is the person that the people chose. That is not the case. It just depends on basically how big your state is and how popular a candidate is in that state. The population is the biggest factor that the candidates think about because if they win that state they are closer to winning the election. There are people who want to abolish the Electoral College including past presidents Richard Nixon and Jimmy Carter. It really just isn't fair to the people that who they vote for and who wins the popular vote may not have a chance to win because he/she did not get the Electoral College votes.

In addition, Source 3 states " The advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the Electoral College method is not democratic in a modern sense...it is the electors who vote for a president, no the people." When you vote in your state you are actually voting for an elector and not the presidential candidate. In 2000 the popular vote was higher for Al Gore than it was for George Bush, but Bush won the presidential election because he had a higher number of electors in the electoral college. In a real democracy Gore would have won because of the fact he was more popular. The people want to vote directly for the candidate they want not for some person that has been trusted to vote for a party's nominee.

Finally, The Electoral College is kind of fair in a way because it is based off population in each state. There is also an equal number of electors. Source 1 states " The founding fathers established it (the electoral college) in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by popular vote of qualified citizens." I understand that it is a law set by the men who created our country and it worked back then. It just isn't working in present day.

In conclusion, The Electoral College was created by the founding fathers back when the U.S. was small and didn't have a huge population like we do today. It worked back then, but now there are 50 states and millions of people. They want to be heard. The popular vote would make more sense than having states with huge populations deciding the fate of the election, when it should by popularity of the candidate. We need to restore our democracy and have the election be By the People.    