The Electoral College is a system where elected senators from each state vote for the next president of the United States Of America. But doesn't voting belong to the hands of the citizens? Citizens of the U.S should pick their president without the hand of the state senators that would vote for the other canidate. The state of Wyoming representing 500000 voters have as much say as the senators from California with 35 million people and more. The Electoral College is a flawed sytem in which the senators not the people choose their next president.

The Electoral College should have less say in the next presidency because of the "Winner take all" system in which candidates don't spend time in areas they know have no chance at getting their votes. These canidates would only then go for the Swing states and not even try to get the votes of the other states. Leaving the fate of the next president in the hand of a few is not a reasonable act. Although few citizens of America know the complex working of the government and need the knowledge of the senators to get the right vote. The goverment should know that giving the right to vote to only a few people is not a good solution to the problem. The problem lies where the senators not the people vote for their next prisent.

The prime example of a canidant that won the popular vote but loss on the Electoral vote was Al Gore. George W. Bush won the election with only 5 Electoral while Gore won the peoples votes. Only 5 people were able to change the presidental election, this is exacly why people should be the one to vote for their presidents not the other way around. This flawed system brings out the question that "are we really voting for the president or our senators?" it is the latter. The peoples votes aren't for the president but really is for the senators that then vote for the president. But the senators would then only vote for the president that would only for for the mijority of the people not the minority.

Electoral College should be replaced with a popular vote system that allows for more equal voting amoung the people instead of a few. The Electoral College should be instead a advice System giving people an idea of who to choose and tell the people what the president is looking for and what to do. With this new system presidents would actually go for the states that they knew wouldn't have voted for them before and at least try to get a few votes out of the smalle places that would vote for them. All in all the Electoral College has many flaws and holes, but in the end the people should the ones to vote their president not the senators.                                            