Cars are seen and used every day. You most likely drove in a car or rode in one coming to school or work. But these little motors are harming us little by little by damaging the environment. So what are the advantages of Limiting car usage?

I believe that limiting car usage is an important factor nowadays. Driving causes pollution which in fact harms our environment(14). Paris actually banned driving for a couple of days due to smog , which is a type of pollution. Paris motorists would have to pay a fine of 22-euros or $31 just to drive there cars(11). Paris has more smog than other European capitals(17). After all of this hard work of limiting car use, the smog actually cleared and people did not have to pay to drive anymore(19). Is limiting car usage helpful?

("Paris bans driving due to smog" by Robert Duffer)

Now what if we stop driving all together? According to this artical "In German Suburbs, life goes on without cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal, The Residents of Vauban have given up their cars(1). Matter of fact the people of Vauban dont really drive at all but instead people use trams and other forms of transportations(2). By doing this you can be on the environments side instead of fighting it. ( "In German Suburbs, life goes on without cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal)

How about a whole day of not using your car? Well that is currently happening in the city of Bogota , Colombia. Imagine all your friends and family riding bikes ,skating ,and even jogging to work or school. wouldn't that be cool?(20)  "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" Said Businessman Carlos Artura  (24). Even other cities joined with the event . Now we have to bring this even to the United States. ("Car-Free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" By Andrew Selsky

I belive that Limiting car use is a great advantage. We have Countrys making days that Avoids driving. "Car-Free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" By Andrew Selsky .                            