Summer projects created by students

.

Students should be able to design their own summer projects because they could use their prior knowledge and creativity. Knowing some of the knowledge will make the students dive deeper into the material and learn new things. Creativity allows students to think outside the box and explore beyond technology. Giving students the responsibility of choosing their own subject would make them interested into doing their project and enjoy making it.

Students should do their projects based on what they are most familiar with. It would make it easier for them to do a project based on what they already know, so they would most likely start it immediately. They could also search through the web for new information. They benefit from it because they get to learn new material and are able to use it for the project. Although searching through the web is easy and fast, they could also visit places related to what their subject is about and collect new information from the place they visited. They can learn by being physically there and understand deeper by doing hands on work.

Creativity allows them to think outside the box. Depending on the subject, they could experiment new things. They could use their mind freely and do whatever they would like to do. For example, teachers would be strict about what they would like the students to do and use but since you are free to be creative; you would be able to organize the information however you want it to be organized and how to introduce your project. Your project will be made up of your personality. If you want vibrant colors, dull colors, a variety of information, less information, pictures, or no pictures;it is all up to you. You get to express yourself with your project.

In conclusion, if you let the students portray their projects in their own unique way. They will enjoy creating their project by using their creativity and prior knowledge. They will learn during their summer break and also be able to express themselves through a project. 