Many schools allow students to work from home, never having to set foot inside the school. There is an ongoing debate over online classes and if they are beneficial. The opposing side state that online classes are hurtful to the students and stunt social skills but this is not true. Although some may disagree online classes are beneficial to students.

Online classes can improve a students ability to learn comfortably. Students are not constrained to mandatory school hours and can maintain a schedule that suits them personally. No longer will students have to endure sleep deprivation from the grueling hours of traditional school, and how it damaging it can be to adolescents. Not having a set class time students can spread classes throughout the day if they pleased, not having to attend them all in a row. Students can learn at their own pace, instead of having a set learning time per subject. Without a set amount of time learning in class online students can spend as much time as needed on a class. Now having a flexible schedule means learning at the time of the students personal preference not from seven o'clock in the morning to two o'clock in the afternoon which can put a toll on certain students. Going to such a large, closely populated building can cause stress and social anxiety for many students. Not having to deal with so many forced interactions that cause stress to so many can be a major relief for some. A large portion of students despise the time when the school system throws them into the midst of their peers and expects them to learn to the best of their ability.

While online classes can be a relief for students, it also builds independence and better work skills. Students attending online classes are less likely to be stressed as a normal student. Without anyone forcing students to a strict schedule of work and learning can provide stress relief. Without having to worry about an awkward social situation provides a sense of security with introverted or less socially skilled students. Online students learn many independent skills like time management, that is not set for them by the school. Students in traditional schools often have trouble managing their time without a set schedule. Online classes support healthy independence in adolescents. Students will not have to experience the harsh environment traditional school offers. All over the United States, students experience a hatred for school because of the harsh environment they were subjugated to. Not all students experience this dismay for school but an overwhelming amount do.

Although some may disagree online schools are beneficial to students. online classes help students become more comfortable learning and, also develop independence better than the average student. with all the positives online school can limit the social interactions students have with there peers, yet I believe the positives outweigh the negatives.