When summer break comes by, do teachers first think summer projects or do students? Summer projects are created for students to continue learning during break to ensure that their academic efforts are still working and intact once school comes back around the corner in late august. During the long duration of almost three months, students tend to lose the momentum they had during the school year. which is why summer projects are assigned. But, on who should these summer projects be designed by is up to debate from teachers or students. Summer projects should be teacher-designed, because teachers are more reliable to help us learn, they know how to make efficient and effective projects, and know how to continue student's learning.

Others may be bias and say student-designed summer projects should be used. As it may create less stress and less of a burden throughout the summer, making it not so difficult and easier to finish. So they can enjoy the rest of their summer break without worry. However, this produces a non-effective and inefficient summer project to keep learning over break. If students were to make these summer projects easy his or her brain would not grow and really understand the material to keep himself or herself learning over the break. He or she could easily forget how to properly face situations and find difficulty problem solving questions and/or answers.

Being a teacher is a job, you have to go to college to become one. Teachers are a reliable source of education, as they went to college for the purpose of teaching the knowledge they learned to his or her student's. When in need for help, a friend of mine would not ask his classmates for it. Instead, he would ask his teacher for assistance. A teacher's job is to help you understand what you have trouble understanding in his or her line of work. Because, they know what they are doing and what they are talking about when explaining something a student found troubling. Once a student asked a classmate what equation did this problem ask for, and later to find out it was the wrong equation. therefore making the answer wrong, causing possible confusion for both the students. Since they did not go talk to the teacher, who knows what they are doing. It is not a student's job to help other students, it is a teacher's. Students don't always know a subject as much as his or her teacher does. They may miss a few things out or show a way that they find easier to solve specific problems, but you may not. However, a teacher can provide more than one way of solving a problem. This makes teachers a more reliable and effective source of information and education than students.

When teachers assign projects and homework, it is expected that they have an organized plan to keep the students efficiently and effectively learning. When finishing a unit a teacher assigns a packet, which acts as a study guide for an upcoming test. The packet would include easy questions to complex questions and/or problems to answer as a variety to get used to what you can solve and cannot. This can provide efficient practice because each problem is made from the teacher, making it effective to help prepare you for the test. They know what is best for you as a student. If these summer project student-designed assignments were given to finish, how would you know and trust that this is an effective and efficient source of material? Since students are not as experienced as teachers are. How could a student know his or her project design is helping him or her continue learning over the summer, If students are not deemed to be as reliable as a teacher is.

Teachers have already scheduled everything in the beginning since they need students to learn to continue throughout the year. Teachers have done this for years and know critical parts of the units to be mainly focusing on, so that students over the summer can learn them. When taking a test, teachers prefer adding a cumulative section to re-test students knowledge on previous units. Using important questions and/or problems for students to relearn the material to continue memorizing it. This continues students previous knowledge of learning. Just how in the summer they could use critical parts of each unit to continue students learning over the break. If students attempted to do this, they would use any question and/or problem they seem fit to be answered. But, not realize if it is important enough to use for effectively keeping the student learning.

Summer projects should be designed by teachers, because teachers are a reliable source of education, are experienced enough to make effective and efficient projects, and know how continue a student's learning. Students are to learn as teachers are to teach. It should stay that way, because teachers know what is best for students, they know what works and what does not. They should handle assignments, as it is their jobs to help students understand and continue understanding during their summer break.