We've all felt the stress of having to choose our subject and design for a summer project, the fear of not picking something "good enough" but what if the teacher just picked it for you. Many people agree that teachers should pick for the students, others say they should choose for themselves. Well, summer project designs should be chosen by the teacher because it causes less stress for the students and helps the teacher grade students on an equal playing field.

When students pick their own project design the teacher is going to have to grade each project by a different rubric everytime, which puts different pressures on each student. As a bonus, grading the projects takes less of the teachers time and effort so they can focus more on student effort, instead of building a whole new rubric for every project. This, in turn, will make students feel better knowing that they have an equal shot compared to their classmates.

It also makes students feel better by taking pressure off them to design an entire project from the ground up. This lessens the stress put on students to pick subjects and designs that might be too hard for them. Some students might choose a design that excedes thier capabilities and they would get a bad grade, but the teacher won't ask the student to do work beyond their capabilities. The main goal is to keep students from hurting their grades and mental health.

Some say that a student designed project would help the student because it caters to their intrests and needs. This way of thinking actually hurts students by putting excess stress on those who are less creative and providing creative students an unfair advantage. Also, it's said that students work better when they're intrested about the subject but this leads to the fact that some students need unwavering structure to complete big assignments. Certain students can't handle being given the freedom to design their own summer projects.

Stressing most students out just to saiciate those that want to design their own projects is, frankly, unfair. Teachers know what's best for their students and can help them if they get stuck on something because giving students free reign isn't in their best intrest. The reason teachers pick designs for summer projects is because they know better than to stress students out and give some students advantages over others.