Phones & Driving

There is a growing debate on whether or not people should use phones while driving. Most states have deemed it illegal for people to use phones whilst operating a motorized vehicle. Yet, people still continue to use phones to play games, check twitter, post social media updates, take snapchat videos, and even make video calls. I believe that drivers should not be able to use cellphones while operating any motorized vehicle no matter the circumstance and no matter the person.

Lately people using their phones while driving has become an increasing problem in today's society. Even with all the laws against it, road signs advising against it, and signs showing how many people have lost their lives due to phone usage, that still doesn't seem to deter drivers from using them. The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. In the year 2017 alone there were more than 35,000 car related fatalities, most of which were due to drivers being distracted.

People don't seem to realize that a car or any sort of vehicle weighs at least 2 tons. Anything that is 2 tons can and should be considered a deadly weapon that can easily hurt or kill someone if not operated properly. Driving is already a difficult task, and anything that can take your mind off that for even a second could cause pain and grief. Not only will you and the people in your vehicle feel the pain and grief.

Anyone that is near you in another vehicle or walking can feel the pain and grief.

I'm fully aware that some people actually use their phones for good while driving. Some examples of using phones for good are getting directions, answering calls, reporting a hazard on the road, etc. But even then I believe they shouldn't have their focus on it for more than a second. Calls should be made handsfree or bluetooth and directions should be entered before your departure ensues.

In conclusion, yes there are good and bad ways to use a phone and opinions may vary on the subject. But I personally think that the bad outweighs the good by so much and phones shouldn't be touched at all during driving. We've already lost countless lives due to people not giving the road their full & undivided attention. So do us all a favor, put that phone down, and possibly save a life today.      