The Facial Action Coding System is a new innovation that can change classrooms forever. Imagine lessons that are specifically designed to fit your learning style and interests. Using this technology, you can learn lessons that enhance as they go.

If you are in a class with a bunch of other students, the way the lesson is administered can be very generic. Some students may get bored with the way the lesson is being taught. By using the Facial Action Coding System, the computer can identify that a student is bored. It can then go on to modify the lesson to better engage the student. The methods that best help students learn are unique to each individual, so using this technology can make for more engaged and enthusiastic learners.

Some lessons can move too quickly or can simply be difficult to understand. The Facial Action Coding System can detect confusion in students and make changes to the lesson to help the student better understand. The technology can slow the lesson to a pace best suited for the individual. It can also modify the lesson so it is put into terms that the student easily understands. This allows students to move at their own pace and have a better understanding of what they are being taught.

The Facial Action Coding System can also detect when a student is enjoying their lesson. This information can be used to enhance teaching altogether by providing a baseline method for planning each lesson. It can be used to determine what methods are most commonly understood and allow for the modification of lessons for people that don't have access to the technology. By getting a baseline, the information can then be utilized in classrooms even without the technology.

Although there is no definite way to ensure that students will completely understand the things they are taught, the Facial Action Coding System can definitely enhance learning for a better understanding. By being able to detect satisfaction, confusion, and boredom in students the technology can allow more students to learn and enjoy what they're learning.