We need to keep the Electoral College because it keeps the elections fair. It keeps them fair by allowing the states to be proportionaly represented. Also it makes sure there will not be run-off elections and keeps the presidential candidates from favoring one region.

The Electoral College keeps the election fair because all states are represented proportianly to the population of the state. This allows for the smaller states to have a more impactfull vote on the president. Since each state is represented equally the election is more fair than if just a popular vote was taken. This system is called unfair by some because they think that their vote is not being heard. This is not true because in source one it says that when you are voting for a president, you are actually voting for who your electors are going to vote for. So if you vote say demcratic, thats a vote going toward the elector voting democratic in turn him or her voting democratic for the president.

If the president was elected by a popular vote, there is a risk of run-off elections as shown in case three when Nixion had 43 percent of the popular vote but won the Electoral College allowing for a fair winner to be elected. If we continue to use the Electoral College a clear winner will always be produces, but if we go by popular vote a run-off election can occur. Some people may say that the Electoral College is unfair because the winner of the popular vote may not win because of the Electoral College vote and that is not true. If the president was elected by popular vote he or she who is running can just go for the big states, win them over and all smaller states are left with no signifigant say in the election.

If the Electoral College was not used it would allow presidental candidates to favor different regions making it seem like he or she was just the souths president or the norths ect. So with the Electoral College it makes the candidates branch out to try and win more states that they usually would not try to appeal to. In source two the speaker says "The electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance winning. This statement is not true because the Electoral College forces the cadidates to branch out to get more votes. And if the runner knows he or she won't win that state why spend money and other reasources on a rewardless cause.

When all is considered about keeping the Electoral College the only answer should be to keep it. It keeps the election fair by giving smaller states a bigger impact. It keeps run-off elections from taking place, and makes the candidates branch out to other states.    