Venus is a planet in our solar system, which is sometimes visible in the Earth's night sky. Scientists are considering ways to get humans to Venus, and in order to accomplish this goal, continue to study it. The author of this essay is heavily in favor of continuing research into Venus, regardless of Venus' incredibly harsh conditions. That this is the main motivation for the writing of this essay is kept very clear throughout the text. To this end, the author makes his text well argued by providing varied and factual support in favor of studying Venus, such as Venus' similarities to Earth, its proximity, and one way scientists are considering surviving on Venus once they get there.

The author provides copious reasoning on why Venus is a planet well worth studying, but his primary argument is that Venus may have been the planet most similar to Earth at one point. This is a valuable point in the author's argument because it explains the similarities between Venus and the Earth, regardless that these similarities may be firmly in the past. For example, Venus may have supported life just as Earth does. Venus also has some features similar to those on Earth, such as mountains, craters, and valleys. These are important points, because the more similar a planet is to Earth, the easier it will be to survive there. This argument's aim is to show the reader that exploring Venus is a goal that could be beneficial to humanity in the future.

The other main point that the author provides is that Venus is, at times, the planet closest to Earth. The author goes so far as to say the planet "is right around the corner" in terms of space. Since space travel already has an impossibly long time frame, this is a crucial piece of information. Humans will not stop exploring outside the Earth, and that journey is sure to be difficult no matter what, but going to Venus might make the trip at least a little bit shorter, and therefore simpler. The reason for this particuar argument is that it makes the reader feel that going to Venus is much more reasonable than anywhere else.

The third reason the author's idea is well supported is that he gives a possible method for humans to survive on Venus. This reasoning is both specific and factual, describing a blimp like vehicle that would be located in the survivable part of Venus' atmosphere. However, the author also specifies that a hovering ship is not nearly enough to truly study a planet, and that NASA is already trying to find a method that would be superior. Both of these details give the reader the impression that Venus is truly an attainable goal. Futhermore, the reader is led into believing that if humanity is going to go to Venus, it needs to understand what it is going to.

In short, the author of this text wrote a well structured, well supported essay that pertained to why humans should explore Venus. There is next to no information that does not pertain to the chosen topic, which is a mark of a solid essay, but more importantly, he supports his ideas. The author describes the reasoning behind exploring Venus, rather than another planet. Furthermore, he specifies how such an act would be done. Together, these traits of the essay combine to make it very convincing and persuades the reader that exploring Venus would, in fact, be a worthy goal for humanity.   