Driverless cars look like they will be used on the roads in the very near future. I am for the idea of driverless cars because i believe they are safe and are capable of more than just driving people around.

I believe driverless cars are more safe than actual cars that are driven today. These driverless cars have the capability of something more than just driving on their own. Driverless cars make sure the driver is paying attention to the wheel at all times, as stated in paragraph seven. In paragraph seven it is said that none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. This means that the cars can "steer, acclerate, and brake themselves, but are all designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills". It is also stated that manufacturers are considering installing cameras that watch the drivers to make sure they are remained focused on the road. The statement "while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver" means if the driver were to fall asleep, the car would alarm the driver that they are in danger and they need to pull over to rest.

I think that driverless cars seem safe, and maybe even safer than cars on the road today. Sensors are very important in these cars and thats what will make them so safe. The technology being used in the cars are important as they will help the car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. Information of the sensors can cause the car to brake or reduce power from the engine. This passage states many times that the cars are being made to alert drivers when going through tough situations such as accidents or roadwork on the roads ahead. A manufacturer "has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object", which will also help the driver to be aware of their surroundings and will reduce accidents.

These new technologies are definitely going to be beneficial in acting as a human would drive or to keep the driver alert. I believe driverless cars are a very good idea in order to keep people safe on the roads. 