Imagine when cars will be nothing but the future. This is actually kind of easy to imagine, but also very mind-blowing to what the future may hold, no? Well, driverless cars are future and it can only get better. They are a big advancement helpfully to our world, and I am definitely for the development they will bring to us and the world.

First of all, driverless cars would become just like a public-transport taxi system, only better. These cars can better improve how we drive, more economically. The smart cars now only "use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus". This will help the environment greatly, because with all the pollution from old cars and diesel semi-trucks, our air quality will not be so good if we do not do something to make it better. These driverless cars will help the environment, and it will not add to the problems we have now. With the cars only getting better, the future driverless cars will only advance more as car manufacturers figure out ways to make travel easier.

Secondly, the driverless car would include combinations of input to help the actual driving going on on the road. These inputs are needed to help "mimic the skill of a human at the wheel". What is the point in a driverless car if it has a driver? There are already cars in our world that can park by themselves and have rear cameras to help with views, but not entirely a car that can do every bit a human can do. The tyes of inputs and sensors the driverless car would have are: position sensors on wheels, sensors on the roof, a video camera for rearview mirrors, a GPS reciever, and a laser that can constantly show us a 3-D mdoel of the car's surroundings. Without all of these features, the car wouldn't be able to actually drive on its own. These sensors will help the driver, (who won't actually be driving) and the car do what it has to do to detect every movement around it.

Lastly, these driverless cars are a big safety improvement to our world. Safety in cars is huge in our world today because we use travel more on big, open roads and highways. Many accidents happen on the road, and when accidents happen, it can be costly and harmful to the driver, their car, and their income. While one is in the car, we always want to make sure we get to our destination without any problems. Car accidents do not happen very often to people, but it is also not entirely rare. The features of the driverless car will ensure safety while driving at all times. Many people still text and drive, which is a big concern while on the road for you and for others also driving. When you have a driverless car, you can do what you need to do, and that includes sending a text. You will have a less risk of getting into an accident. Although the "non-driving driver" will not have to actually put their hands on the wheel because the car does all the work, the driver still has to be focused on the road. The driver must stay attentive to his or her surroudings because if there are road hazards, the driver must come into play and actually take the wheel until the road is free of hazardous conditions. The driverless car will watch you and you will remain watching the road. It is like a team effort, even though the human only comes into play when they are needed.

In all, I am all for driverless cars and its development that comes with it. The cars will be more economical and useful to our public-transport system, the features and sensors that come with it will help the cars drive more smoothly and efficiently, and these cars will better help the world's safety crisis while in a car. Driverless cars are the future, and we are driving ourselves slowly, but surely, onto the road to a better time.