Generic_Name

Mrs. Generic_Name

11 March 2020

English 8 Block 1

It's my opinion

Generic_Name asks her friend, Generic_Name how to spell something for her farewell card.

He spells it incorrectly, so her friend didn't understand what the card says.

Generic_Name could have avoided this if she just asked another kid or two. The answers people give can possible be wrong.

Multiply opinion help to have a better understanding, prevent false information, and avoid lies.

It's very Important that a person has a good understanding of others opinions.

Other people might have experienced the same situation that the other person is experiencing.

It can help them come to a better conclusion and how to fix the problem.

If there's a fight between to people its better to hear both side of the story.

Theses are good ways to handle problems a person is facing.

Sometimes people can't trust just one opinion cause its not always reliable.

Some people make up answers just for the sake of answering.

Its important that the questions given aren't confusing for the person whose answering the question.

People can always say different stuff that can change a person's mind right or wrong.

So before going with one answer get one more just in case.

Its not as easy tell if someone lied without witnesses.

For instance, Generic_Name has done something bad and he blames it on his sister. But Generic_Name's brother saw what happened and tells the truth.

Another example would be a murder trial when they get witnesses to explain what they saw.

The defendants in some circumstances will lie to get themselves out of trouble.

Everyone should be careful of the information we take from others cause it could be a lie.

Understand that getting other's opinions can help greatly whether its a problem or just a question.

People don't always have the information right though like with the Generic_Name example.

But there's also the people who will lie to get there way like in a criminal case.

We still need to trust others just enough to get information.

Greater thing can happen in the future if people keep this in mind.                 