Dear Florida Sentator,

It is in the interest of your state and your nation that you insist the keeping of the Electoral College system of voting. This is overwhelmingly clear because it allows the presidental canidates to focus on the country as a whole in their campaign trail instead of relying on a single region to win the presidency for them, it has been present in this nation  since out founding fathers, and the system also shows a clear winner in the end of the election.

In order for the presidental canidate to have a reasonable chance at winning the presidency, he or she has to appeal to the country as a whole instead of just focusing on a particular region. This is all due to the Electoral College. A canidate who is practically assured to win in a region, such as the Northeast, would not campaign as much in those states. The article

In Defense of the Electoral College highlights that if that canidate were to becaome president of the United States, "The residents of other regions are likely to feel disenfranchised...that their votes do not count...that he really isn't their president." Just think about that. Imagine having a president who got elected just because he won over the South. It would be as if he or she had only that region's interests at heart and did not care for the rest of the nation. The Presidnet is suppose to be the leader for the whole nation, not just a section of it. If this were to happen,the nation would be fractured, all because we got rid of the Electoral College. Some might argue that that probabably would never happen, and it might not, but we always have to keep in mind the worse scenarios to ensure the best decisions for the United States.

The Electoral College is arguably an old method of voting. It was established by our founding fathers and has been quite realiable over the couple hundred years it has been in service. Admittably, there have been a few blips in the system, but what system doesnt have kinks that need to be rolled out once and a while? It was intended to be "...a compromise between the election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." as explained in

What is the Electoral College?

Why should this system be outed because of a fleeting feeling of anachronism? The intention of this system is meant to give equal votes to both the people and Congress.

The Electoral College system of voting has been under scrutiny lately. It has been a controversial issue. The system has had its share fo faults, but no more than a new system of voting would have. The Electoral College has served its country well and has given voices to the small states, given canidates a broader spectrum on their campaign trail, has been around for over 200 years, and shows a clear winner when all the votes are counted. Don't listen to the people telling you to stop the Electoral system Senator, because it is a valuable part of out nation.                            