Cars have become a part of our modern day culture since the invention of the first model. Many countries around the world have an abundance of car buyers and users, however others are taking into consideration alternatives. The advantages of limiting car usage include relief from stress of cars upon individuals and reduced emissions in the environment.

Cars put forth a lot of stressful trouble upon users. These vehicles are designed to transport a person or people from point A to point B, however cars are for personal use that can cost an immense amount of money. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter about her new "car-free" lifestyle (Rosenthal,3). This ideaology is spreading throughout all Europe as more alternate transportations are provided by the government. As Selsky mentioned in Source 3, locations, such as parks and sports centers with uneven sidewalks, have been replaced with broad, smooth ones for citizen's use. Moreover, many cities have provided a bicycle program to promote less usage of cars. These steps towards change help convince people that there are alternatives out there, and that we aren't limited to just buying a car and license to go to places.

Additionally, the limitation of car usage help establish a better and healthier environment for everyone. Cars emulate lots of dangerous gases that may harm our precious earth, many of which are responsible for the greenhouse effect. The greenhouse effect causes gases to be trapped in the atmosphere which harms our ozone layer and creates a smog-like appearance on our cities. Paris is an example of a polluted city as civilians battle against threatening smog from emissions of diesel cars in France (Duffer,8). Many actions towards progressive behavior have increased the likelihood of limited car usage, such as tolls throughout cities and fines up to $25 for violators of laws. These enforcements will ensure that the environment is capable of maintaining generation after generation at a stable pace.

To conclude, many countries are pondering choices of opportunites to promote less usage of cars, while some are on their way to solve these issues, limitations on car usage have a variety of advantages for ourselves and the environment. These limits help reduce stressful situations, as well as provide a healthier ecosystem to live and prosper.    