The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit depite the dangers by giving us an idea of what NASA is working on to get around the danger, giving us reasons why Venus is a sister planet to the Earth, and by showing us some key items that we could research. Venus is the closest planet to Earth in density and size. It is often referred to as Earth's twin because of this. However, their are some dangers to eploring the planet more in depth.

The author states, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth today." The author put this piece of information in to show that we should do more research to show that life once exsisted on Venus. This planet could hold forms of life ,but we don't have any research to prove it. Going to Venus, depite the dangers, would give us more evidence or materials to prove that Venus is even more or less similar to Earth, This would also help us understand our solar system more as a whole.

The author states, "NASA has one particuraly compelling idea for sending humans to study Venus. NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape." The author put this piece of infomation in to prove that NASA is trying to come up with possible solutions to explore Venus. However, they arent working out so well as a vehicle like this would prevent them from collecting any rocks or gases to bring back and research. Studying Venus could lead to an abundance of solar power and the radiation would be minimal.

The vehicle NASA is planning will not allow researchers to take samples of rocks, gas, or anything else or that matter. The author states, "Peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmoshpere, renddering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. More importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance." This is to explain that the dangers of going to Venus far outweigh the saftey. There is lots of research to still be done on Venus.

The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit depite the dangers by giving us an idea of what NASA is working on to get around the danger, giving us reason why Venus is a sister planet to the Earth, and by showing us some key items that we could research. The author states, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." The author put that piece of information in to explain that the dangers are worth it. 