Dear Senator,

I believe that we should change to election by popular vote for the president of theUnited States. If we are a democracy, then we are a government for the people and by the people, so then why dont we elect directly by the people. Popular vote is what the all of the eligible citezens want. Aren't we supposed to be elected by the people that we are going to represnt. This is not an oligarchy, ruled by the electoral college.

Well some people say that the people vote for the electors who are responsible for voting for the candidate they have pledged to, as it says in source 3 : In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President. But, some of these electors are not faithful and go against what they are supposed to do. And, why turn down thousands of voters. If a state such as Florida for example voted for electors by popular vote, and 200,000 voted for the democrat elector, and 100,000 voted the other way, then thoses 100,000 people we be canceled out. If there was no electoral vote, and the whole voting system was by popular vote, then everybody would have a say and no one with be canceled out. That is the true way of democracy.

If we are a democracy then why not give the election to the citizens insted of the ellectors. The President is the leader of our country, so he should lead the way we want him to. And, the only way to make sure of this is by popular vote, so the people directly vote for who we need to lead at that time. The Electoral College has made many mistakes, and stired different prblems before. People also say that a tie is a very unpredictable and risky situation. If it was voted by the Electoral college there would be a higher chance of a tie then by popular vote. if you do the math 538 to1 is a higher percentage chance of a tie then 300,000,000 plus to 1. Popular vote would be a more efficient, less risky, and a moral and ethical system.

So, overall it would be better and we should change to election by popular vote for the President of the United States. There are many reasons, and these are just a few. It is a more efficient, less risky, practical, ethical, and moral system that is better than the Electoral College. We should change as soon as possible, so we dont create any more disturbances and problems.                    