When I need someone to talk to or need some advice I always go to multiple people. When I was fighting with my friend, I went to my friends and parents to ask for advice. Not just one person but multiple people. Multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. It might be going to your parents, friends, or teachers, but getting multiple opinions is much better than one.

Parents are often the people kids or adults go to. Since they have been around longer and been through drama before, they might know more than your average friend. Parents always have good advice to give. There advice will help you with a lot of things your going through. Most of the time kids go to there parents because they dont like other peoples opinions and they just want to here what a adult thinks about the situation. Parents will help you make a smart, reasonable decision on what to do.

Lots of people go to their friends for advice because their friends might know more about that person than your parents or teacher do, or they think they can relate since there both young or the same age. There friends might give good advice if they have gone through the same thing or something similar. Thats why people go to their friends for help. It's also because many people don't trust other people and think they might tell the person your fighting with what you were taking about. So they go to there parents or their best friend for help so it dosn't cause any more drama.

It's good to have multiple opinions because there other people that could have more knowledge than most, or you can trust one person better than the rest. Multiple opinions matter because they help someone make a better decision on what do, just like when I went to my parents and friends for advice. They helped me make the right decision on what to do about the fight. There advice helped me so much. If I had asked one person it think the fight would have gone down differently. Multiple peoples opinions matter in making smart choices.      