Wouldn't it be extravagant to go and study another planet? That planet to explore, would be Venus. Venus is a lot like Earth. The most similiar out of all nine planets actually. There are risks of visiting Venus, but the pros out weigh the cons. There are ways of safely exploring Venus, from a distance away. There is a whole lot that we do not know about Venus. There could even be signs of a life form. Nobody knows. The author does a phenomenal job supporting that it would be a worthy pursuit, despite the dangers is presents, to visit Venus.

Venus is the most like Earth. There is a reason that scientist call it our "twin" planet. (Par. 2) Although the living conditions on Venus are a lot more dangerous than Earth's, it is possible to come up with the technology to have a device on the planet. The device would help scientist from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) study and find out a lot of information about the planet.

Scientist are intrigued about Venus. First off, it is by far, the most Earth like planet in our solar system. (Par 4) A long time ago, Venus was covered with oceans and maybe even life form. The author informs us about how it is filled with valleys and mountains. Sounds like earth to me. I think that the risk of another aircraft exploding would be worth finding another form of life on a different planet. As does, the author of this article.

They are talking about having a space craft go to Venus. That would be the first of many. There could even be human life in there. If there were to be human life in the space craft, they would have to hover around 30 miles above the surface of Venus. They would have to do that because the pressure is 90 times greater there, than it is on earth. It is also 800 degrees Fahrenheit, there. (Par 3) If the space craft could hover around 30 miles above the fray, the scientist could survive. It would be around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, and the pressure would be the same as ocean level on Earth. From there, scientist could see if there is any life form, or oceans on the planet. Finding one of those things out would be worth it, despite the dangers that could come from it. These conditions would not be easy, but they are survivable. Another con about hovering above the planet would be that you can not get any samples of rock, or gas. (Par 6)

I still support the author's statement, that it would be worth taking the risk of studying Venus, depite the possible outcomes. Venus is Earth's twin planent. We could see how close the two really are. If there were humans on Venus or not. If there is water on the planet. A spacecraft hovering over the fray of Venus would be a great idea. Then, we could study the planet, and get more information than anyone ever could imagine. The condiions would be harsh, but the outcome would be worth it. Venus is a planet that is extremely similiar to ours. It would take risks to be able to visit it.

If there was life form, or it was possible to live on, that would be life changing.    