MONTH_DAY_YEAR

Senator Rubio:

Hello, my name is PROPER_NAME, a freshman at SCHOOL_NAME. It is much appreciated that you took time out of your busy schedule to read this. This letter is in regards to the Electoral College. There have been many ongoing diputes on whether or not we should keep the Electoral College in order to elect the President. It is felt that the Electoral College is not the way to go when it comes to voting for the President. The reasons being for this is that the Electoral College doesn't truly represent the people, and it doesn't allow everyone to know the true facts about each candidate.

First of all, the Electoral College does not represent everyone truly. The Electoral College is overall risky. It is stated by Bradford Plumer from the passage,

"The Indefensible Electoral College..."

, that there were several incidents regarding corrupt electors whom did not fufill the popular vote of their state. He stated the incident in the 1960's, when the Louisiana legislature almost replaced Democratic electors, in order to not have the popular vote go to Kennedy. Electors can also choose who to vote for and have no care in who the general public votes for. Why risk giving your voice to people who are shady, untrustworthy, and won't care for your opinion? Furthermore, in the passage of

"What Is the Electoral College?"

, that most states have a "winner-take-all" system. However, in Maine and Nebraska, they use a system similar to "proportional representation". Why would the USA need this in order to choose a President? Why can't things all be the same?

Secondly, the Electoral College does not give everyone a chance to know the candidates a little better. In the passage,

"In Defense of the Electoral College:..."

, he states that candidates focus more on swing states instead of all of the states in general. This strategy creates a problem for those who want to listen and get to know who the candidates are, but live in states that don't get visited. Which in turn, doesn't allow the general public to get to know who they are. Another problem is that when the popular vote is lost in a state, those who lost no longer have a say in the election. Why have your vote squandered to the majority when you can have a direct election that will always give you a voice in your country?

To conclude, the Electoral College isn't the greatest way to pick a President. The Electoral College should be abolished for it does not always honestly voice the general public, and does not give everyone to the same opportunity to understand a candidate's motives. The Electoral College may give a clear winner and is less time-consuming, but are we working towards a speedy election? Or towards what the people want? Over 60 percent of registered voters prefer a direct election. Which would you prefer Mr. Rubio?

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME   