Ask yourself, would I like to see driverless cars for public transport? I mean even if you did not there are a ton of positives with it. In the passage it gave tons of examples of why it is good and why it is bad to have driverless cars. Some readers such as me are on the positive side and others are on the negative side. One individual will not decide the entire decision on whether we have driverless cars or not but it might help. The future of driverless cars is in our future as we know it.

In the passage it says that driverless cars have drove over a half a million miles without a wreck! That is a ton of miles without a single wreck, I bet that is way less wreck than what a human driven car has. In my mind that is one huge advantage to the driverless cars because it would help with less accidents and be safer for everyone around. Even though they are not completely driverless that is still very impressive, I mean the only time they driven would be in and out of driveways for the car to get started. The car stops at stop signs and lights by itself and has had no crashes, that is unbelievable!

With all the people driving and all the cell phones around you can imagine that people still text and drive even though it is illegal right? If you have a driverless car people will stop texting and driving and start texting and ridiing. With the driverless cars those people who think they need o get a text off every minute will actually be able to without crashing into you! Although there are parts where they will eventually have to drive that is a lot less time for them to text and drive than it is when they text and rvie the entire time. Even with out texting and driving that is a ton less crashes and ton of more people saved each year.

Even if you are not still into the driverless car experience yet, just wait there is more! If you are one of those people who ask; Can you still drive? Obviously you still can! The car will have back out of driveways and onto roadway construction and through accidents. So there is no need to worry about it ddriving through bad areas or location becuase you have to! Plus when it driving and it getting ready to do something bad it sends a vibration into your seat to let you know that you have to take over the wheel and start driving.

With all of the facts listed how can you not be with the flow of driveless cars? Well really they are not completely driverless but pretty much close. With all the less accidents how can someone not want a driverless car? Even the pedestrians will be safer without all the drunk and texting drivers around town. To be even safer if you do not trust it you can still take over the wheel in certain situations. Most importantly you have more time to do the things you want like maybe knit while driving or catch up on a book. You can do many things with a safe driverless car!