Students who attend classes from home online have a benefit. On the other hand people might think that taking online classes is bad because you don't get the in class experience. First, students don't have to go anywhere to take the classes. Second, students who take online classes are active through out the class. Third, students with disabilities won't be bored. Finally, this is why students will have a huge benefit for school.

First, students don't need to go anywhere to take there online course. For example, students will feel more relaxed when they are taking classes online because they don't have to be around your classmates. About 45 percent of students would want to take classes at home because you can be around your family and pets more. There are programs out there in the world that let you be interactive during the class.

Second, students who take online classes are active in the class. For example, you can raise your hand on your cartoon character when you have a question and it will notify the teacher. Also, video recording can help people learn because you can listen over and over again to what the teacher is saying so you can understand it. When people talk more in class, they will pay attention more. Next, the people will know what they are learning about.

Third, students with disabilities won't be board. When students get bored they stop listening to what the teacher is saying to the whole class. But, if they are talking and answering questions from the teacher then they will have a better understanding about the topic or idea. For example, my History teacher likes to speak for a really long time and sometimes I just have to write down notes or ask questions because I do not understand something or I lose track off what he is talking about. Finally, I enjoy being in class with the teacher and I do like taking some online classes.

Lastly, students take online classes don't have to go anywhere, there active through out the class, and the students with disabilities won't be bored. If people like to use computers for classes then these things are a great tool for them to use, only if the class offers online classes that you can take. Finally, most students will think that taking online classes is not a waste of time and money because they are learning similar things.        