When you have a problem or ordeal that you cannot deal with by yourself, asking even just one person's opinion is a brave and brilliant thing to do. Oftentimes people tend to keep things to themselves, even if it's affecting them in a horrible way. I think it's important that people remember, well being doesn't just lay on the physical side, but the mental side of things as well. Even just venting in a diary or a journal is a great way to relive yourself of stress and anxiety. My point is that in these situations, talking to others or venting can prove to be quite a serendipitous time.

Now, If you are going to talk to people, it is very important to ask more than one person for their advice on the matter. I think the reason why a lot of people ask around, is because they are unsure of their own opinion on something, and want support and help from others. If you are ever in a situation where you don't agree with someone, reassure yourself by asking other people. If you are ever on the opposite end of this matter make sure to take the person's problem seriously. If your peer or friend feels confident enough to talk to you, you should never crush that confidence or act as though their problems are minuscule and unworthy of your help. It is important to take whatever they say in a non-judgmental way.

Seeking help from not only friends, but adults, is something you should always do. You may feel more comfortable talking to your friends, but unfortunately oftentimes they are not equipped with the right experiences to help you. if you don't feel comfortable talking to your parents or a teacher about your problems, some adults you could talk to could be a counselor or, if you can afford it, a therapist.

Make sure to listen to advice given. I know you may feel that everyone is wrong and that you are right, but if a lot of people are saying the same thing, think about it. Think about why you asked for advice in the first place, oftentimes it because you were unsure about your own opinion, of many other opinions contradict your own there is obviously some room for improvement.

Even though listening to others is important, in the end having your own opinion or decision is even better. Stick to your gut feeling. You'll know when something is right or wrong. You know certain details about your problem that others may not, so in the end you know best. Do whats good for you, if you think you're in a toxic environment, you're probably right. Listen to yourself and develop your own opinion on the matter. Think about what happened, what you are feeling, what will make you feel better. In the end it is most important to take care of and love yourself.

The thing that matters most in this predicament, is that you got help in anyway you could. Even if that help wasn't seeking advice, but venting to yourself, an object, or even animal. The most important thing is that you took care of yourself. Mental health will forever and always be important. Keep in mind that even if something feels really horrible and like it will never get better, it most definitely will. Keep a positive attitude towards things and have faith. 