If theres one thing that can ruin a kids summer vacation, its a long and boring summer assignment given out by their teachers. Teachers think they are helping by making the assignment hard to get the kids thinking, but in reality, most kids will just give up and not do it. I think that summer assignments should be created by the students because they would be better suited for the kids, more kids would do them, and they would make the project less boring.

First of all, I think summer assignments should be created by the students because they know what they have learned, and what they still need help with. For example, if each student got to pick what they wanted their math assignment to be about, they could choose a topic in which they struggled so they could grasp a more firm understanding over the summer. This would be more beneficial than if the teacher made the assignment because it is specifically detailed to suit each individual student. The kids would be able to spend their time working on material that would help them, and not on stuff they already know.

Secondly, I think more kids would complete the summer assignment if they had a say about what it was on. An example in which this would work would be for an English essay assignment. If each student got to choose what the topic of their essay or project was, then they would be more interested and more inclined to complete the work. Every student is passionate about something, whether it be football or world history, so an assignment about something you enjoy would be much more compelling to do than an assignment on something you have no interest in.

Lastly, a student made summer project would be more interesting and less boring than one created by a teacher. Students know what is trendy and what is not, so even if they have to make the assignment meet certain requirements, they could make the topics about more popular stuff to make the assignment more interesting. For example, even if they are tasked with making a math assignment less boring, they could just put the same numbers in a question about something that is popular with youth. From experience I can say that even just making math questions about something relevant can make an assignment so much better and less excruciating to complete.

There is not a single student who really enjoys completing a summer assignment given to them by their school. Summer assignments are boring and take up precious time that could be spent outside, so one thing that could make them a little less horrible would be if they were made or edited by yourself or someone if your shoes. An assignment created by students would benefit the students more, be more interesting, and create a higher completion percentage than an assignment that a teacher made.