A lot of people like to go do things on their own,but asking people for advice is a more effective way then trying to do everything on your own. The reason going to multiple people is more effective than trying to figure out everything on ones own is because people can get different perspectives, better explanations and talk to people who are more mature and understand better. If a person tries something new they might be a little scared, it would be better to ask for advice from more than one person because that person could get there different opinions on the situation. A person could also get a better explanation because one may not help that person fully so another person might explain it better. When a person needs help they may be immature and not understand how to do certain things so when other people are more mature and understand better they might be able to help more.

My first example of why people should get advice from multiple people is because a person could get there different perspectives. That person will get to know how people look at things from their view and how they see it so then that person could take one of their perspectives and look at it as their own. Another reason would be more options, if a person had more options from different people it will make things a little easier to do things. If somebody has to speak in front of a crowd they might have a fear of public speaking, so if they ask others who have done it before how they did it with such confidence they will have peoples different ways of how they overcame stage fright and they could find which way works best for them and use it. Having peoples different perspectives on things really help because one will have more options and with that comes how others look at things and so much more with any of those things.

My second example of why people should get advice from more than one person is so that they can get a better explanation. A person might not be sure how to something so they ask multiple people because one did not explain good enough and left things out. When people don't fully explain things like a person wants them too or like they need them too everyone that person asked might end up putting everything they said together as one or one person may explain it deeper and get into more details than anyone else. A person might want to learn how to sail and their parents know how to sail, but they know other people who sail better than their parents but their parents want to teach them so they could ask their parents to help them sail and anything that was left out they could ask the other people that they know. When someone gets a better explanation on something they don't know, it feels great to know that they know what they are doing and that they are doing it right.

My last example of why people should get advice from more than one person is so they can get advice from a more mature person. Age comes with maturity so if a person asked other people and they don't know then asking people who are older and who have more experience will mos likely mean that the person will get better advice. since some people have more knowledge than other people a person knows they will most likely be able to help more because that means they know more than you and can help more. A person might be getting in to trouble at school and their friends want to help but don't understand why that person is getting in to trouble so they don't know how to help but that persons mom is older and wiser so she understands why they are getting in to trouble and knows what to say and how exactly to help. If one talks to older and wiser then they will get better advice from different people.

Those are the reasons why talking to more people will help one more than just listening to them self and only doing what they think is right. All of those reasons connect to each other because if a person listens to peoples different perspectives then they will have a better explanation from more mature people. There are limits to why a person should take advice from multiple people, only that person knows them self clearly so that's why sometimes people have a hard time listening to others. It is still better to take ones chances of failure listening to others trying to help rather than not try at all and fail with no fight. Those are my reasons for why people should take others advice and not just there own.