Dear State Senator,

We all know that the presidental election process is very important to our nation.  Many believe that using Electoral College is not a democratic pedigree, and that using the popular vote method is better.  I believe that we you keep the Electoral College in electing our nation's president.  There's a less likely chance that there will be a dispute, and we'll avoid run-off elections, with Electoral College.  During a presidental election, it is possible to have a dispute over who should be our next president.  The Electoral College helps reduce that issue.

In addition, the Electoral College voting method is better than voting by popular vote.  With Electoral College, we're less likely to have a dispute.  A lot think that a dispute over an Electoral College could not happen.  According to "In defense of the Electoral College: Five Reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President", a dispute is possible.  A dispute happened in 2000, but it's less likely than a dispute over popular vote.  The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College rarely exceeds his share of the popular vote.  The third source gave an example of the Obama and Romney election.  Obama recieved 61.7 percent and Romney recieved 51.3 percent of the electoral vote.  Making a certain outcome of the election, and not resulting in a dispute.  Also, with Electoral College we avoid a run-off election.

To continue, the electoral college avoids a ruin-off election.  It avoids the problem where no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast.  The third source stated above, gave an example using the Nixon and Clinton election.  They both had only 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College.  When no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast, it complicates the presidental election.  The Electoral College reduces any complication involving that.

Although the Electoral College is the method in which we select our president, it may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state.  Democrats in Texas, or Republicans in California, have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign, knowing their vote would have no effect.  But, no voter's vote swings a national election.  Which means about one-half of the Americans eligible to vote, did not.  People that vote are people who want to express their political preference, rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election.  The Electoral College method is the choice to pick.

I believe that the Electoral College is the method we should continue using when electing our nation's president.  We're less likely to have a dispute, and we would avoid a run-off election, with the Electoral College.  This method has been working and should continue to work for our nation.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME  