When thinking of summer most people tend to relate this season to the idea of relaxation . However, this is not the case for everyone. Students in higher level classes are assigned summer projects to make sure they continue their learning over the long break. By making these projects student-designed it gives the students a way to be independent, find their inner motivation, and use creativity rather than a teacher designing it for them

During the school year almost every assignment is given to the students by teachers. Everything is revolved around what the teachers want. By allowing the student to design their own project in the summer it makes the assignment a little more enjoyable for the student. Summertime is when the students are given independence away from their teachers. If they are allowed to design their own projects chances are they will perform better on the assignment.

Summer projects are typically given to students enrolled in higher level classes. In order for students to do well in these types of classes they have to have their own motivation to complete assignments. I am currently enrolled in an AP class and I also had to complete a summer assignment. I had to come up with a hypothetical experiment and review ways to improve the experiment. In order to do this I had to have motivation to design the experiment rather than relying on a teacher to design it for me.

Allowing the students to design something of their own gives them the ability to use creativity. Not only is this more enjoyable for the students, but also for the teachers. If a teacher has to grade the same general project over and over again that can become very boring. However, grading projects that were designed differently can be more enjoyable for the teacher. Completing my summer project of course was not the best thing in the world, but being able to use my own creativity made it a lot more tolerable.

No one wants to spend their summer completing school work. Summer is a time for students to step back from the stresses of school and enjoy the long break. However, preparing for the future never stops, and summer projects are not going away. When summer projects are student-designed it gives the students a chance to be independent, find their inner motivation, and use creativity in order to enjoy getting the assignment done. 