Attention my fellow citizens, we should limit car usage  because limiting car usage will release stress, reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes, and stop smog.

First, we should limit car usage because driving a car can be stressful. For example say you just got finished with a hard day of work and it was not the best day, You hop in your car and when you start to drive you look ahead and see a trafic jam. After working all day, getting in a car to wait hours and hours to get home is not peaceful or fun. Another example would be when you're on the road and the people around you are not driving safely. "When I had a car i was always tense. I'm much happeir this way," said Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two.(In geram suburb life goes on, paragraph 3)

Not only does the usage of cars cause stress but it also causes greenhouse gas. The use of cars should be limitted because we could drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." (In geram suburb life goes on, paragraph 5) Using a car to get around is nice but isint living on earth better than driving a gas powered vehicle and slowly destroying the earth? "All of our development since World War II has been on the car, and that will have to change," said David Goldberg, an official of Transport for America.(P7)

Finally, We should limit the usage of cars because if we do we can stop smog. Smog is pollution that creates clouds all around and it is discusting and horrible for the earth. 'Bejing, China is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world."(Paris bans driving due to smog, Paragraph 14) After intensifying smog, congestion was down 60 percent and thats only after 5 days thats incredible!

All in all, we should limit car usage because if we can use cars less than we do, it will ease stress, reduce greenhouse gas, and finally clean the earth. What do you say, use your car less and get some exersize? Thanks for reading my fellow citizens.    