Have you ever been in a situation and thought to yourself, "aw man, I wish I could get another persons advice on this right now." Most people think that they know what is best for them. But what they don't realize, is that most of the time they are wrong. Studies show that having multiple peoples advice is far more helpful and effective than getting your own or only one persons advice. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a wiser choice by learning from other peoples experiences, having a slimmer chance of making a mistake, and learning how to ask for help and advice for the future.

There are countless advantages from receiving other peoples advice. One advantage is that you will learn from other peoples experiences and have a better understanding of what you should do. For example, if you were thinking about taking all honors classes in high school, and you thought it was the right decision for you, you should still consider getting more than one opinion about your decision. Multiple viewpoints you could consider could be your parents, counselors at your school, an older sibling, or a trusted adult. These other viewpoints could say that all honors is too hard, or that you would be too stressed. But by having multiple opinions, you will be able to make the right decision for you.

In addition, by seeking multiple opinions you will have a slimmer chance of making a mistake. If you seek more than one person for advice, then you will learn what to do, and what to avoid. For example, if you asked your parents to buy you a vape pen because everyone at school was doing it, your parents and anyone else you asked would most likely respond by saying no. They would inform you on how risky and bad vape pens are, and advise you to never participate in that behavior. By them advising you how bad vaping is, then you would take into account their advice and not vape, thus dodging a bullet of cancer and an abundant amount of other health issues. When having advice on why vaping is bad, it will cause you to make a better choice, limiting chances of making a mistake that can hinder your future.

Lastly, when getting multiple viewpoints on a decision or issue, it will allow you to be more comfortable with asking for help and advice, which can lead to a successful future. Asking questions and talking to people is always a good thing, especially when it comes to advice and opinions. If you don't feel comfortable with asking for advice or opinions, then you may not be able to make good choices, which could result in bad decision making later in life. For example, if your friend asked you to smuggle some drugs into school with him and you didn't get any advice or talk to anyone, then you wouldn't hesitate to help him. This could result in a lifetime of drug problems, which could resolve in going to jail.

In conclusion, asking for more than one persons opinion is successful for making better decisions by allowing you to get other peoples advice and point of views on your decision, having less of a chance to make mistakes, and making you more comfortable with asking questions. Getting other peoples advice and opinions is far more effective than relying on one persons, because you can see multiple point of views, which will allow you to make the best decision for you. When receiving multiple opinions, it results in a smaller chance of making mistakes, which can prevent future problems and issues in life. And lastly, by learning to ask for advice and help, it allows you to be more comfortable with other peoples views and opinions, which can help you be successful later in life. So next time you are ever in a situation that requires advice, you may want to consider having more than one persons opinion. 