Over many years, the school system implemented little changes effecting the way students work and study. Stress is a major factor within high schools today. With online school, students have the opportunity to create less stress around school and more time to finish homework. Students are also able to have more time for doing activities they enjoy, like extracurricular clubs and sports. Online school gives students the opportunity to get more sleep and have more time for homework.

Almost every high school student struggles with getting enough sleep. Many articles suggest that a child's brain is not ready for the day until 10am. Pursuing classes online gives a child more time to sleep, and creates a better learning environment so the student can be fully engaged for learning. Many students are involved in ACT and SAT preparation that is a necessity for their future. Online school will give the student more time to complete what they need. Teachers will also get an option to have more time to plan lessons for the children. Online school is very beneficial to students because of the extra time for sleep and homework that can take away from their daily lives.

Many students are involved in after school clubs, sports, and other activities that put a hold on their homework. With online school, these students will be able to have more time to complete homework, go to more club meetings, and participate in their desired sport. Video conference meetings with teachers will give them the ability to ask more questions and engage in the material more so they understand it and, consequently, receive better grades. Without extracurricular like sports and clubs, the stress piles on and becomes too much for children to handle. Many people say that the preexisting way school is taught is adequate and should not be changed, but in the world today, many new advances in technology offer better teaching styles and more time for students to compete homework.

Overall, online school is a great way to engage students and provide them with more time for homework and extracurricular activities. Many students struggle with getting the right around of sleep which hinders their growth and overall, effects their happiness. Online school is a great solution for students who have responsibilities outside of school. Many people say that the way school is taught now is fine the way it is, but from a child's perspective, many changes could be made to benefit the well being of students today, and online school is a great opportunity.