In person teaching vs online teaching has been a very controversial topic for a very long time. While the majority supports online teaching, there are still some that support the idea of attending in person. Attending classes physically may yield some benefits that online classes don't, however, online teaching creates more rewards by enabling the student to adjust the class session according to the schedule, saving a lot of time that would otherwise be wasted, and providing for a stress free experience.

The student can decide which time would be the best for them to attend the class, whether it be in the morning or in the afternoon. They'll be able to attend the class without having to cancel or reschedule anything. For me, this is quite valuable. I strongly dislike waking up really early in the morning, at the crack of dawn, just so I can be ready for school. With this feature, I can attend my class and get all the rest I need.

Saving time could make all the difference to a student. The time that would normally be wasted trying to catch a bus, finding a parking, avoid or getting through traffic, and the sort can now be spent sitting on the couch in pajamas and eating breakfast, all while attending the very same class that could've been missed otherwise. I sometimes struggle in the morning to prepare myself and my stuff as to not miss the bus, and in turn, be late for school. This is another advantage of having online classes that would make my life, and everyone else's, so much easier.

A stress free education would make the whole experience a lot easier on all students. There is simply too much time being wasted trying to understand a difficult topic with limited resources, and in a limited time. Being able to have one on one sessions with the teacher would allow students to ask additional questions and get extra help on homework and other assignments. Whenever I have trouble do an assignment, I find that asking for help from a teacher, or anyone with experience on the topic, allows me to better understand what it is I'm doing and have an easier time completing the designated assignment.

Online class have their flaws too. For instance, the software that's being used could experience a malfunction, or there could even be too many students already in the session. There could also be a predetermined schedule that does not fit the student's personal timetable, resulting in them missing the set time of the session or them moving another event to a later date. Though some would say that attending class in person is more beneficial, because of the many complications of online teaching, such as having a hard time finding, managing, or even navigating the website or software, online teaching is simply more convenient because it saves time, allows the student to choose which session to attend according the their personal agenda, and provides all students with stress free learning experience.