So I would be talking about how people should sign up for something at there own school because people should do something they love thats my first reason. Everyone should be doing something its not like your doing it serious but sports is hard in my opinion because you have to be really good at that sport thats my second reason. Not to be on the electronics all day that would'nt be good at all compare that doing something all the time. But people should do something in there lives because you only live once so do something. Thats why agree to this so people would'nt all that because if you really love something or sport then you should make dreams come true so your good at it that is all I have to say about people should do something activity at school or sport.

Reason number one love something then do it because people should believe what they do also some people dont believe in there self they just knock there self down like believe that your good at it. What if there really good at what they do like people should follow there dreams by being good in that one activity or sport they love. We need really great people to do something dont be doing stuff you really dont like because u dont need to do something it dont make sense. This paragraph was about how to do something you actually wanna do and believe what you really love about your school like dont just sit down and relax like do something in your life its apart of life too.

Reason number two everyone should do something in there lives should'nt be lazy because that would'nt take you no where when your all lazy and stuff dont do work or anything. Do sports and activity so your body could be healthy because a lot of sports will take you some where. Probably professional sports that would be really great for you like big time. Be active al the time so your could help your own body it could probably grow like that and thats all I have to say about my second reason.

Reason number three is not to be in electronics all day long because its a distractions to others you need to practice what your doing in a activity. Be home all day you should really play outside with friends or make plans during the weekend because it would be fun for you and your friends. won't have much sleep at night because if your just distracted about being on your phone all the time you'll probably be tired in school or even at practice or after school. So you shouldnt be on the phone all day your play outside go to the movies or chores doing something doesnt get you bored all the time. So this paragraph was about you should stay off your electronics all the time not all but sometimes just go outside and play.

Thats all my reason I hope that a lot of people try something that there good at. People try something new in life because life is'nt easy at all but you just got to fight for it and be at anything. We all should try something new it would be amazing for other some people got people to look up. To so look up to someone its good because there probably a great person with a great heart. You should look up to others because other people made a big accomplishment. So thats all I have to say about being a leader not a follower like do something once again u only live once make ur life go big.    