"Hey Generic_Name, can I have advice?" asks Generic_Name. "Of course Generic_Name, what's up?" replies Generic_Name. "I'm so nervous about high school and I have a lot of questions. What if I get lost on the first day? What sports do they have? What if my teachers don't like me? Are the teachers nice or mean? Is their a lot of homework? Are phones allowed?" asks Generic_Name. "Generic_Name! Calm down, high school is not that bad as everyone says it is. Yes, it is bigger than middle school and you have more things to do but it is better, I promise. Now, take a chill pill and stop worrying so much. You still have a couple more months of middle school left,so just focus and enjoy them." "Thank you for the advice Generic_Name, I really appreciate it." Generic_Name responds. "Anytime you need something just let me know" says Generic_Name.

Seeking multiple opinions can give you a better choice because you have more options, everyone does different things, and you are able to talk to new people.

Seeking multiple opinions can give you a better choice because you have more options. I know you are probably confused by that but what I mean is not everyone is the same. People have different perspectives on different things. If you want to try out for a sport, awesome! But wait..what do you have to do? You go and ask someone named Generic_Name, who is a cheerleader, what the things are required to try out. She says you need a form signed by a parent, your concussion training,and the sport you want to do. Hang on... what sport do you want to do again? You ask someone named Generic_Name, who is a sophomore that has been on the volleyball team since freshman year, what sports your local high school has. She responds with "basketball,football. baseball,wrestling,soccer, cheer leading,track,volleyball,golfing,and swimming". You've never tried basketball before so you're interested in it. You try out and you end up not liking it, at least you have other choices to decide from, right?

Seeking multiple opinions can give you a better choice because everyone does different things. Generic_Name does cheer leading, Generic_Name does volleyball, and Generic_Name does track. As you can see, no one does the same sport. They all do different sports because they believe whatever sport they do fits them. Just because your friend,Generic_Name, tries out for soccer doesn't mean you have to. Find a sport that you like and a sport that suits you and stick with it. Do a sport that you've never done before and see where it takes you. If you only do it for a season, that's fine. Try out again in the next season if you want to. Unless you want to try out for a different sport. You could be a cheerleader like Generic_Name, or a volleyball player like Generic_Name. Do you want to run the 100 meter like Generic_Name? Everyone does different sports because they like to do it and they have other options just like you.

Seeking multiple opinions can give you a better choice because you are able to talk to new people. Let's say that you are new to a school and you want to be able to make friends. You try out for the volleyball team and you end up liking it and you make it! You meet so many new people that become your friends and they give you tips and tricks to fix your mistakes. Not only do they help you, but you also help them. If they give you advice, you can give them advice and help them out as well. Volleyball is great and you are so happy you tried out for the team because you didn't just form a bond with new people, you also found a sport that you love and it suits you.

"Hey!" Generic_Name exclaims as she runs to her friend, Generic_Name. "Hey Generic_Name!" Generic_Name hollers back. "I need advice about something" she asks. "What's wrong?" Generic_Name answers. "I'm so nervous about high school, I don't know what to do." "Relax, I can help you. What are you so nervous about?" responds Generic_Name. Generic_Name replies, "I have a lot of questions like is their a lot of homework? What if I get lost on the first day? Are phones allowed? Are the teachers nice or mean?" Generic_Name is stunned. "First thing you need to do is take a chill pill because I don't see why you're so nervous about high school. It's not that scary as they exaggerate in the movies. They have orientation so you can see your classes and not get lost. You are able to have your phone out in the hallways and at lunch. The teachers are nice unless you get on their badside, and you don't have alot of homework." "Wow, thank you Generic_Name, I feel better already." "I knew I could help" Generic_Name responds. Seeking multiple opinions can give you a better choice because you have more options, everyone does different things, and you are able to talk to new people.