I am for driveless cars becuase than you have more time to make sure you child is safe,have have less wercks in the future,and you and your friends can go for a long joy ride. I support driveless cars becuase its more safer than some other cars around the globe.

Everyore wants to get their childern safe to one place to another right. Well now you can with driveless cars. Driveless cars get in to another place without having to drive your car at all. This car also senses things hat might harm or damage your car when ou are not even watching the road. Driveless cars also stops and have good milage rates on them. Getting your kids somewhere can be hard,but if you have a driveless car you have hands on with your kids inside of your car to make sure they get their safe. This car also have a chair that vibrate and let you know that ther is incoming traffic an the car stops by its self. So if you want your child to have a safe ride to andd from home go out and get a driveless car.

Another thing about driveless car is that it will cause less wrecks in the future. Sometimes when you turn on the news you see people dying in car wrecks. This is why you need this car. Not only will you avoid losing your life,you will also have a good record of your profile. People loving driving around just to have a good time and to see what's new,but some peopple is scared they might be at the wrong place at the wrong time. You don't need to worry about if you might not make it somewhere safe becuase driveless car is on it. Don't wait till someone else gets hur in your family,go buy this car Now.

The last thing about driveless car is that you an your friends can go for a really long joy ride about almost any where ini the world without driving. Your friends don't need to bring extra stuff just to make sure their life is not at risk of beign lost when they are with you. If your going away and don't feel like driving all the way to get someone or pick them up,than driveless is what you need. This car lets you rest while it does all the work for you to help make your life fun and even easier. For example,your friends is planning a joy ride party arcoss town,you guys can play or do whatever you want inside of the car knowin your life is in good hands with this car.

Drivless car can save so many lives and make your life easier an take all of your stress away just like that. No more worrying about staying home becuase your body hurts and you can't drive drive. Drivelsees ar will take you anywhere and keep you going and make your surrouning earier on you and your loved ones.             