Dear TEACHER_NAME,

The community service that is required for me to do is taking away my free time. With all the sports and homework I do, I barley get to see my friends anymore. I spend my weekdays doing homework and sports, and my weekends doing community service. I was just thinking about how much time I used to have with my friends, and now, I only see them at school.

My friends and I have been talking, and we think that the hours are too much. I barley get eight hours of sleep anymore.

The stress of sports, studying, homework, and chores get to my head, then I think about how I have to do more hours of work on my free days. Maybe you could cut back the hours some. I'm not asking for a lot, just enough for me to have an off day where I can just sleep, relax, or hang out with my friends.

Of course I love helping others. That's one of those things that makes me happy, I just wish that I could take a break once in a while. Seeing new people every day, with smiles on their faces, makes a smile on mine. I enjoy tutoring kids, and picking up trash, but I'm also a teen age girl. I like to do stuff with my friends, go to the movies, or mall. Some times I just like to chill at home and not think about the hours I have to do.

If I didn't have to do community service, I could be doing stuff as in work around the house, or neighborhood. I already have to do chores. Picking up litter or tutoring children, is a plus, and I do it for free. All I'm asking is for us not to do community service hours as much. Maybe two or three a month. Maybe more, but I have a life outside of school as any other person does, and I don't feel like spending that extra time, on the highway picking up trash.

I hope I don't sound greedy or selfish. I just want to make a point, for myself and my friends. We just want more time to see each other.

I also like to spend time with my family, and I never get to do that anymore. Thank you for taking your time and reading this leader.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME.