Have you ever seen anything unusual and thought that it was just a natural landform, but other people thing it was created by extraterrestials? Well, some people argue that the Face on Mars was created by aliens and some people believe that it was created natural. I believe that the Face formed naturally. I believe this because of the camera quantity and the shadows and clouds of the planet.

First, I am going to discuss the camera quality. The quality of the camera is important so that the picture of the Face is clear. When the scientists first took the picture of the Face in 1976, there was an unclear picture. As time went on the cameras got more and more advanced that to the point you could see every detail of the Face. In 2001, when scientists took a clear picture of the Face, they identified it as a mesa, a natural landform in Western America. Also, they said that if there were any other alien landforms like egyptian pyramids that it would show up in the picture. Last, in the passage it states, "Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing... a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." This quote from the passage proves that the Face is a natural landform and not created by aliens. This is how the camera quality prove whether or not the Face was created by aliens or is a natural landform.

Next, I am going to discuss how the clouds and shadows of Mars prove that the Face is a natural landform. First, the shadows of Mars gives the Face an illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. In the passage it states, "Huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, mouth." This shows that the Face is not really a face and it is actually a natural landform. Next, the clouds on Mars can throw off the cameras vision of the face. When the MGS took a picture of the Face when it was cloudly on Mars the picture was unclear and scientists could not see the Face in detail. Although, in 2001 when the MGS explored Mars, it was not cloudy. MGS was able to get a clear picture of the Face and scientists identified it as a natural landform and not an alien creation. This is how the shadows and clouds of Mars prove that the Face is a natural landform.

Finally, the camera quality, shadows, and clouds of Mars prove that the Face is a natural landform. The better the camera quality the more proof there is to say that the Face is a natural landform. Also, without the clouds and shadows of Mars, the Face is easily identified as a natural landform. To conclude, this is how the quality of the camera, shadows, and clouds of Mars prove that the Face is a natural landform.