Schools should have summer projects be teacher-designed because teachers will pick projects that they know will be usefull to students, teachers put their full time and effort, and teachers will also make the project enjoyable to the students.

Teachers have created many projects for many of their students, making them have a lot more credibility than students to construct a project. Teachers will know what information will be on the project makin it easier for them to construct projects that they know will be of use to students in the future. They all have insight on what a student should learn and what a student should not learn because they have been teaching all year long to students. They would take out all the useless information because they know how to filter it out, while students are learning themselves and will not know how to identify usefull information from useless making teachers more credible on the projects that would be assigned to students. Teachers can also make this project very clear and precise so that students will not get confused on what to do, how to research it, and how to write it professionally, unlike students who always go out of their way to make the project more lengthy and the basis of the project a lot more confusing to understand. Teacher know about the main ideas or concepts about these projects while students are unaware of these main ideas because they are yet to learn about it.

So many teachers put so much time and effort into teaching their class everyday for an eight-month period, which makes it easier for them to create projects because they are so comfortable in this type of creative/learning environment. They put maximum effort to make all this information very precise and straight to the point while students usually, when it does not affect their grade, slack the work load by doing creating he project half-heartedly and not with their full time making the learning experience for the students researching the project also not as fulfilled to learn. When people make it seem like they put their full effort into teaching you about something, that sense or feeling that they invested a part of time into making your learning experience a lot more impactful, you are more compelled to study and learn about what they are teaching you and telling you to pracitce, which is what teacher do and are meant to do. Teachers will always have the time to give out and make projects because that is their job and they have to take it serious unlike students who either creating the project is not fulfilled to do their part or students just do not have the time of day to invest their time into projects. If students do take an investment of time to create these projects, they will not be able to focus on the other important things that they have to get done.

Teachers also have a way of making learning a lot more fun and interactive on their daily teaching schedule, therefore, making them have a way to encapture a students attention into making these projects a lot more enthusiastic and enjoyable to research on. Teachers also make the projects a lot less objective based learning, teachers want to make sure that you understand the content to its fullest extent while also maintaining a curiousness towards the basis of the project, unlike students who make the project seem very boring, uninteresting, and very objective based learning which will make students to never research anything about that certain topic again because they could not learn anything fun about it or there was no interactiveness between the students and the project they were assignes to.

In short, teachers have a better advantage and a lot more insight on how to design these projects because they know what information that will be of use to students, they put the maximum amount of time and effort, and they make the learning experience more enthusiastic and enjoyable to the students doing research on them. Teachers always seem to have the upper hand about how to pass off knowledge and wisdom because of these reasons.  