In the article " Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. They both have a good argument wether it is a bad idea or a good idea to have driverless cars. I agree with it is a negative idea to have driverless cars. why do i think it's a negative idea to have a driverless car? First,It's expensive. Second, it could create more ruckus. Third, something bad could happen to the car and to the person, but we wouldnt know who to blame.

One reason why i think it is a negative idea is because it is expensive. If a new human driving cars costs 20,000 thousand, think about how much a driverless car might cost. of course it will be more expensive. Also just fixing the car. If you have to fix and expensive car, just one body part might cost a thousand. Unless everbody suddenly becomes rich in the future, then not everybody would be able to afford a driverless car.

Second, it could create more ruckus. In the text it stated, GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object." What if the diver gets use to the vibration and not wake up? Wouldn't that be a bad thing? What if the car lost self control? It would do more damage then the people driving the car themselves.

Third, we wouldn't know who to blame if something happens. In the article it stated, "If technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault, the driver or the manufacturer?" If they don't know whose fault it is going to be then how will we know when we buy the car? It will be a waste of money if we buy things without them giving insurance if the cars fails because of technology. We should think carefully before buying expensive things like cars.

Ultimately, having driverless cars is a negative idea. It is a negative idea because it's expensive for most people and they won't be able to afford it. It'll create more ruckus then people driving the car themselves. We wouldnt know what to do or who to blaem if technology fails. Even though there are positives thing when buying a driverless cars, I think the negative thing are more important to think about. We should think clearly before make driverless cars or buying one too.  