Policy 1, kids do get distracted by their phones sometimes but that doesn't mean you should take them away completely, that will just get them to want to use it more and that means them not paying attention during class. Kids like to talk to each other if it's texting or talking face to face, and obviously face to face talking during class can be spotted fairly easily so they resort to texting. Or maybe if someone outside the school needs to get hold of them and doesn't have the schools number, then what happens? They can't answer until after school and by then it may be too late. Kids go crazy when they can't have something so just let them have it little by little, like candy.

If you take it away they'll go crazy after school and do it all then instead of doing their homework, or as I said before by using it in class. I mean with all these things that you can do on your cell phone these days like facebook, games, youtube, and of course texting, it's kind of hard not to check it during school. It's like giving us a ton of work during school and not giving us any time during school to even start it, it will pile up at home and we won't have time to do anything fun or actually get outside and play 60 like everyone is telling us to. I'm so tired of adults telling us to get off of our phones and ipods when they're on it more than we are. We know you love it so why are you taking that away from us? Kids have times worked out at home for when to be on their phone, ipod, computer, video games, or TV and when to actually do their school work. And policy 2 would just completely mess that up. Which could result in kids not doing their homework, or not getting enough sleep. Which could completely mess with their GPA, their home life, and chances of getting into a college they want. I know we can go a little overboard sometimes with all of this technology, but if you ban phones from school it will go completely overboard. But even with all that has been said, it's still the principals decision, do they want some phone time, or complete madness?