Driving cars can be a danger to humans, but also a threat to the Earth. The usage of cars has plummented since recent topics of smog, and safety. Using a car to get from point A to point B is getting out of hand and unnecissary. Limiting car usage can help save money, it can also help prevent smog or other pollution, and can make humans live a healthier life style. By limiting car usage, you are changing your life style for the better.

Less car usage can play a major role in the way you live your life. One big part of your life it could change is financial issues. Without a car you wouldnt have to spend thousands of dollars on an overpriced vehical. Also you could save money from not having to buy overly priced gas, or having to fix any car issues, such as an oil leak. In the passage,

Paris bans driving due to smog

, the author states," Almost 4,000 drivers were fined, according to Reuters." Without all of your money going down the drain, you could spend your money in a more helpful way. With the money that you don't have to spend with car trouble, someone could by a gym membership, or they could go and renovate their house the way that they have always wanted. Without spending loads of money on a car, gas, and car problems, you could spend your money on more important things such as paying of loans.

Less car usage could also help the envirnment dramtically. Because of the ussage of cars the envinment has been hugely effected. Since the envirnment has been greatly affected, so has the people. Smog has been becoming a result of the pollution that cars cause. In the passage,

Paris bans driving due to smog,

they state,"Delivery companies complained of lost revenue, while excepltions were made for plug-in cars." Not only is pollution affecting the envirnment, but it is also affecting the way that we live our lives, and the way that we make our livings. Without the use of cars income will increse rather than decrease. Also the smog is creating a hazard to everyone who has to work, or go to school. Without the use of cars there will be no more smog, or hazardess envinments to worry about.

Besides money, and pollution, there are other important reasons why less car usage would be ideal. A main point of less car usage would be for health. The world has grown to be lazy, and as a result obesity is becoming a huge issue. Walking to work, or to school can not only help the envirnment, but also help your immune system, and weight loss. Instead of walking, another great form of exercise that will help the envirnment is riding your bike. Using these tips there will be less obesity, and less pollution, and grrenhouse gas in the world.

Even though that driving has decreased 23% in the last 8 years, it is our duty to insure that the world will once again be a safe envirnment for everyone to live in. To insure a safe envirnment, the usage of cars must decrease. If the usage of cars does not decrease our money will. Money won't be the only problem though, obesity, and also smog will increase. To help save the Earth humans must cut back on using their cars. The results will be life changing.     