The author of this story does not support his claim that Venus is worth exploring in a good way.

By using a problem- solution method he clearly and completely decribes an issues with exploring and studying

Venus then expalins a possible solution for said issues. But the author does not actually support his idea describing how the knowledge of Venus would be worth the risk.

In " The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author gives good substantial reasons to support studying Venus by presenting a risk then simply giving an innovation that would atleast reduce the risk. As shown in the text the author states an issue such as " ...the planet's surface temperatures average over

800 degrees Farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet."

The author continues going on by saying the conditions are far more extreme than anything humans would encounter and how conditions are extremely inhospitable. So he clearly states one problem with studying Venus and all the risks that come along with that problem but then he explains an innovation to reduce the risks. After describing all the risks and dangers in the paragraphs before hand the author then says " NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would all scientists to float above the fray." Then he goes into descriptive detail about how this innovation would work. The author continues using the problem-solution through several of his paragraphs to answer many questions one could have about studying Venus.

Throughout the story he continously talk about innovation and imagination and how with these things we could find a safer way to study Venus but he never actually says how the information will be beneficial or used. In most of the praagraphs the author states the extremely harsh and uninhabitable conditions of Venus. Then he explains how to get around those dangers but does not explain what we gain from knowing and learning about these exact conditions. As the reader it would be more compelling if he added more detail about how this would be useful and worth it depsite the dangers Venus presents,but insatead he only talks about how to get there.

Althought the author did a good job with presenting the risk and fixing those risk but he did not quite express how it would all be worth it in the end. But in the end the prompt was about how studying Venus is a worthy pursuit and there was not a lot of content on that in this piece of writing. So the author did not support this idea very well.                         