When your asking for advice it is good to get multiple opinions. Its is good because if you only ask one person they could tell you to do the wrong thing or something bad. Also if you only ask only one person they could be telling you to do something thats to nice. If you ask multiple people for their opinion and advice it gives you more variety of opinions so you can pick the best choice. It is always better to get multiple opinions when asking for advice.

Lets say you ask your a random person for advice and your mom and dad for advice. Your mom and dads advice will most likely be better than the strangers advice. The stranger doesnt know you and probably wont care what you do. Your mom and dads advice will be better because they know you and will probably want you to make the right choice. Thats why it is always better to get multiple opinions when asking for advice.

If you were in a store and people were stealing if you ask multiple people what to do their responses could be completely different. If you ask one person what to do they could say that you should join them a steal with them. If you ask a different person they could tell you to tell somebody that those people are stealing. Another person could say to just get out of there and get away from those people. So now that you have multiple peoples opinions now you can make the better choice. If you would have only asked the first person for their advice you might have went and stole with them because thats what they told you to do and you didnt ask any other people for their advice. Thats why it is always better to ask for multiple opinions when asking for advice.

Say you are at a party and people are doing drugs. If you ask a good friend what you should do if you are getting pear pressured to do drugs a good friends advice would be for you to say no and not to do the drugs. If you ask somebody else they might tell you to do it with them. If you didnt ask that good friend for their advice you could have done the drugs and gotten hurt. Thats why it is very important to get for multiple opinions when asking for advice so now you can make the right choice.

So whenever you are in a bad situation and you need advice make sure you always ask for multiple opinions. If you ask for multiple opinions you have a better chance of making the right choice. If you are asking strangers for advice ask at least five people they might just say something random because they dont know you. If you are asking family for advice you should ask at least two people because you still need to get multiple opinions but they care about you more that and stranger do so you dont need as many opinions. These are all reasons why when asking for advice it is better to ask for multiple different peoples opinions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              