Cell phone use and driving has been a highly discussed topic in the past ten years. While cell phone use is almost unanimous, the danger of being distracted while driving has lead many states to ban the use of hand held cell phones while in the car. Passing laws that require hands free devices such as blue tooth to keep your attention on the road. While it is not a guarantee that this is totally safe it lowers the risk of loosing focus while driving. This is due to how our brain codes information and how we attend to certain stimuli. While driving we are taking in constant visual stimuli, for example when you are driving you see a red light and stop. While driving mmight become slightly autonomous over time, attentive and working memory resources are being used to watch the road. While you are physically looking at your phone when texting, you are also using mental resources to decode and sort what you are seeing. This means that even when you look up you could still be distracted from the road because your attentional resources are being split up between the phone and driving. Contrary to common belief there is no such thing as "multitasking". The brain cannot preform two tasks at the same time; it however switches between each task. Cell Phone Use and Driving: A Deadly Combination In the world today, society suffers from cell phone addiction. People everywhere use some sort of mobile device constantly. This addiction on its own, while still negative, becomes especially dangerous when combined with driving. While driving, cell phones create many distractions. Some of these distractions include: dialing on the phone, answering the phone, simply talking on the phone, and texting. These distractions constantly increase with all of the new technology available today. The smart phones in every adult and teenagers ' pockets prove deadly when used on the road. According to a government website, "In 2011, 3,331 people were killed in crashes involving a distracted driver" (Distracted Driving). Although various disturbances exist while driving, cell phone usage has proved a fatal but preventable distraction.   