Some schools have programs where you can take classes from the luxury of your own home. It would either be online or in a video conference. Having a way to learn without being there is conveint for most people. Some students have a hard time making it or coming to school because,they may have a disability, having problems with their peers, or they can be drained physically and mentally.

First,disabilities are already hard enough to deal with but, having to wake up early to get ready and try to catch the bus on time is a struggle. A girl that went to my school was in a wheelchair, she had to take the bus in the morning and get picked up in the afternoon. One day she said, it was hard for her to get up every morning because she could not move from the waist down. Her parents had to get off from work because they had to pick her up from school each day. Most students have learning disabilities like "ASD" and need special attention.

Second,problems with your peers or teachers is one of the biggest issues when students don't show up or come in late. Some people may argue that coming across conflict with people helps students get ready for the real world. Even though that maybe right most students don't care. Most students if they are having complications they won't show up because it will continue. Students end up with depression or anxiety.

Lastly,students have jobs and other things to do in their time. They don't have time to keep up with the class. Balancing schoolwork,homework,a job,and family and friends can be a lot for one person. people that are in the military can be and class and work at the same time so they need to take an online class which would be more convient for them. Highschoolers that have a job find it hard to balance their time but, taking a class online will make it easier for them

In conclusion, it would be beneficial to have online classes in general. Having a way to learn without being is school is really helpful for some students. Students with a disability can have extra help. Most colleges are online anyways so, this can help you prepare for college. For students with problems with their teachers or peers can swicth to an online class.