Dear Principal,

Your consideration of changing school policy so that students may not participate in sports or activities unless they have at least a grade B average is a strong idea. The confirmation of it is causing many thoughts and opinions throughout the student body, but they should understand the process of it. The ones against the new rule is thinking that you're doing it just to make them suffer, but that's outrageous. You care for the school and the students and you're only doing it because it'll benefit them. Changing the school policy is a great way to prove to students that they have to work hard to get what they desire.

There are so many sports and activities in our school that mainly all the students like to do. For the main sports there are wrestling, football, baseball, and basketball. The activities you have a larger selection: dance committee, school store, student council, OTHER_NAME, and anything you can attend to help the school. So many students love to either play the sport and get the job done, but they have to work hard to stay in those. That's why changing the school policy to a grade B average would be a way to prove themselves.

When the students try to succeed in anything, they put all their effort into it because they actually want to. That's all they would have to do so they can stay in their sports and activities, just a put a little effort into it. You're only pushing them so they understand they need to get to the next level, to achieve that extra mile. If someone has a grade average of C, this policy would prove if they would try to get to a B to stay in their sport or activity. Some things are worth trying for, they shouldn't give up or it wouldn't amount to anything.

It wouldn't only prove their inner strength skills, but prove that they can go all the way when they need to. This benefits them later on in life as well and it shows a good representation on themselves. Each individual student who raises their grade average could end up doing better in their life, all because they wanted to stay in a sport. Helping them when they're applying for college applications is big way to show how it helps them later on in life. A good grade average, a B or higher, is a great representation on themselves and people see them as a good student who cared.

Changing the school policy is a great way to prove to students that they have to work hard to get what they desire. All you want is to provide the students with the most opportunities and see what they can return back to you. If they return it back, it proves that they are students who care for what they want and will try to get it. The ones who slack will see what happens when they aren't able to play their favorite sport or participate in their favorite activity. Just a little step towards their destination, even a simple one like a grade average of a B, could be a giant step towards their future.