Even though driverless cars can solve many problems, they can also create many problems. Driverless cars can enhance the risk of accidents on the road and put other drivers on the road at risk for danger. They also rise the question of liability. Who is responable if there is an acciedent involving a driverless car? The creation of this car can also promote laziness.

Driverless cars can enhance the risk of accidents on the road and put other drivers on the road at risk for danger. Roads are already dangerous with human error that can lead to accidents, and sometimes death. By putting a car on the road that can drive by itself rise the danger rate. How can you insure safety for other drivers on the road? It reads in the text "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves" cars are machines and machines have malfunctions, so how can you trust a machine to have control of your life?

However, driverless cars also rise the question of liability. Who is responable there is an accident involving a driverless car? Who should we blame the car or the driver? "Most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrains safe" if this is true driverless cars have no liability. Driverless cars open a window to endless amounts of questions, all of which needs to be answered before they are on the road.

Lastly, driverless cars also can promote laziness. Technology is a beautiful thing to have but it can also make us lazy. Technology such as cellular phones have become a dependent for many people. So adding driverless cars to the list of technology that make us move and be active is dangerous. Car driven by people allow them to interact with their surroundings, but driverless cars take away a lot of that interaction.

In conclusion, I do not support driverless cars because of many different reasons. One it has a safety risk for other drivers, two who is responable for a accident involving a driverless car, and finally it promotes human laziness. Until all of the logical concerns have been answered these cars should not be on the road. Driverless cars might be in the wave of the future but not until we are sure their are little to no health concerns. 