Venus is a planet that for a fact humans could not live on because of the gases in the atmosphere. Scientist continue to study Venus to gain more human knowledge of the planet. The conditions of the planet are not survivable for humans because the planet does not hold enough oxygen for humans to live and the temperature of the planet is extremely high for a human. The pressure of Venus is pretty flabergasting if it would crush a submarine. Studying Venus is a good thing to gain knowledge about even if there are dangers that comes with it.

Learning more information about Venus would allow the study of Venus to become easier for explorers. The author supports the idea of studying Venus is a worthy pursuit because he talks about the good things and bad things that you can encounter when it comes to Venus. He gives a significant amount of details for the reader to use when they want to know something about Venus. He also allows the reader to know that there are many challenges that comes when facing the planet Venus. When the author says 97 percent carbon dioxide lets the reader know that it is basically impossible for a human to live there.

The author helps the reader understand mostly why humans could not and would not want to live there. The planet surface averages over 800 degrees Fahrenheit and the pressure is 90 times greater than our planet Earth's. The environment of the planet could liqufy metals and could crush a submarine. Although Venus sounds fun to study I dont think it would qualify for the living conditions for humans because of the lack of amounts of oxygen, and thats is what we need.

In the last ten to twenty years, researchers have been trying to find a planet that humans could possibly live on. Venus would not qualify for humans to live on because of the high amounts of gases and high amounts of pressure. Even though the anothor believes that humans could possibly live on Venus I think humans could not. The author supports the idea that studying Venus is worthy by stating facts and adding detail with them.

Gaining knowledge about venus comes with good and bad information your going to encounter, especially if your a researcher. The author did a great job of using information and backing it up with details. I think studying Venus is a good thing to know more information about but it comes with a lot of dangers that humans could not handle just because we are humans. The physical conditions of human would be a lot worse just thinking about if we lived on Venus.