Dear Principal,

Changing the school sports policy to having at least a B average may be good in some ways but not in others. This may be a good idea because it will make students work harder on their school work so that they will be able to try out for the school team. Another reason that it may be good is because the parents will probably like it because then they wont have to bother their child trying to get them to do the homework. Therefore the child will take the responsibility to finish their homework on their on, so that they will be able to stay on the school team.

However, changing it to where they have to have a B average may be a bad idea, because you will have more students that are out of shape. Some students will not be willing to take the responsibility of working harder just so that they can stay on a school team. Most don't think that school sports are that big of a deal anyway, so therefore they are not willing to push their self harder to get the work done, so that they will have a B average and stay on the team.

Personally, I probably would work harder so that i can stay on the team so that I will continue to be active and healthy. Then again when I think about it I might not, because I play travel softball year round so therefore I am always playing and may not feel the need to think about staying on the school team that much. However, personally, I would not have to worry about not having a B average. My mom wouldn't allow that anyway.

Most kids would probably not like this change however, because most of them probably have a C average, therefore our school teams may not have enough people try out for them, and then we would not be able to have a team. Most likely she would not want to do that, because then the people that were really looking forward to playing, wont be able to have a team because they didn't have enough people with a C average. Therefore with this subject the Principal could go either way, but she probably should leave it at a C average.

Sincerely,

Your Student