Have you ever been put in a position where a decision is hard to make on your own and you may need the advice of others? Sometimes you'll need to ask others for advice to get the best outcome. It won't ever hurt you to ask for advice from others. Asking for more than one opinion helps you see all different viewpoints, the best possible answer, and less pressure.

When you ask multiple people for advice on something you get many different viewpoints. This will help you because you can depict between all the advice you receive and have a less bias answer. I always prefer to get different view points because it makes me feel reassured knowing I have many options to go about with my decision. For example, if I am shopping for a dress and I see a cute one but i'm not sure about it i'd ask my friends for their opinion, and that will help my final choice. With multiple viewpoints you can have a more thought about answer with the pros and negatives. Every viewpoint will either be different or possibly even the same which will narrow down your answer.

Making decisions are always going to be stressful which is why asking for others for advice is good because it'll bring less pressure. Your decision may be big or large but no matter what it can always be stressful, so when you ask for advice it can take some pressure off of you. I always find it to be less stressful when I go to someone and tell them i'm having a hard time with a decision and they give me some advice to go about it. Sometimes you just need to relax before any type of decision. Would you rather have a very stressful decision to make on your own or a big decision with advice from others which will bring less stress. Big decisions can cause bad stress which may result in a loss in appetite and could also make you sad or have anxiety. However, if you do ask someone for help on your decision you can avoid all of that stress and have a better out come.

Asking others for advice will almost always leave you with a better outcome.

I know this because without seeing how other people view this decision will just be a bias answer and probably not that good of a decision. Sometimes you just need to take a moment to think of others opinion and think if they'd agree with your decision. If you think about it and you're having second thoughts, then it's probably not the best decision you can do. Like for instance, I made a decision to play games instead of watch a movie for my class and many people were upset with me, which made me realize I have to take others viewpoints into the picture. However, if you ask other people for their opinion then you can see if their opinion differs from yours and work on a new one.

With all of that being said asking others for advice can bring less stress a better outcome and many viewpoints. If you ask for advice you can take time is review and reflect on what the best possible outcome for you and others may be. Therefore, leaving you with a well thought about answer.