In countries all throughout the world, there are many reasons why limited (private) car usage would be very beneficial. Overall, it would benefit individual families by limiting costs spent on gas and even the huge payment of buying a car. Also, it would hugely cut back on the harmful gas emissions from the cars of individuals who choose to privately drive everywhere. Lastly, many countries have

As previously stated, limiting car usage would reduce the cost of buying cars and paying for the gas to use those cars. You can spend as much as $50 on gas a day, and because gas is a nonrenewable resource, the demand for it will only increase over time, as will its cost. Additionally, the economies of many countries such as the United States are not at their best, therefore making it difficult for many families to come up with the money to even buy a car. The $40,000 you spend on buying a car when there are alternative options such as walking, biking, or taking the bus could be spent on more important things like healthcare, insurance, food, and entertainment. According to Source 4, "recent studies suggest aht Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." Obviously people would not be making these changes if it wasn't proving to be beneficial to them.

Secondly, cars are a huge source of air pollution to our planet. If we don't limit our car usage, who knows what will happen to our ozone layer and ecosystem. According to Source 2, countries like Paris have already noticed this and are taking the initiative to prevent further pollution. "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. On Monday motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day." Within days Paris had already observed a difference in their air quality and a sharp decrease in smog. "Congestion was down 60% in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog . . .".    