The principle has decided that it would be a good idea to force students to participate in an extracurricular activity which the idea behind this plan in not bad, the plan is to get kids to spend less time inside on devices and out being social doing things but there are many holes in this plan. First the biggest reaon that this is a bad idea you are forcing students to do activitys which the school has no right to do. Another big reason this is a bad idea is the kids who already to things outside of school will just have less time in their day and it might even take away from the things they already did that the school is trying to encourage. What I don't know is how they are going to enforce this they can't change your grade so the only thing I can think of is detention. Finally there are not enough activities for everyone in the school not everyone would be in an after school activity they enjoy.

Schools have no right to make kids stay after for this reason even if it is not everyday I do things outside of school that are not considered extracurricular that I would not be able to do if I had to stay after and it would be that case for a lot of students. I don't think any student parent or teacher would agree with this plan again the idea behind it is good maybe if you rewarded kids who participate in activeities it could help but forcing them to is not the way to go. This plan assumes all kids are sitting at home on their phone or playing video games and this solution might work for theose individuals but for the ones who are not it would just be annoing to have to stay after and do something they don't like when they would usually be at the park playing basketball.

I know we have gone over why this is a bad idea but how would it work, how would they enforce this, the only way I can think of is detention because they can't make it effect your grades that would be to unfair. So in any scenario you would stay after school and at that point the principle should just add a hour to the day, we already spend most of our life that we are not sleeping at school. Finally there are not enough activities to go around maybe there would be enough for everyone in the school but not everyone would enjoy them. That would just be annoying to be forced to go to german club every Tuesday and Friday because the school said so and you take french and the only reason you are not in that club or any other is because everyone else already took up all the spaces in the clubs you wanted to join.

Maybe this new rule works differntly than I guessed it would and maybe it is a good idea but based off all the information I have this is a terrible idea and no student would be happy especially the parents, the parents would not be happy especially if they have a life where they don't get to see their kids often and the school system just cut their time in half because they have to stay after doing yoga. If you just look at it from the veiw of everystudent at the school there is no way you could still support this. Just let kids do what they want to do it is the parents responsibility anyway, just encourage them to do the right things with their day in a more positive way this is simply not the way to go.