When I have a problem. I like to ask multiple people for advice. That is one of the best ways I figure my problems out. An opinion can have a large affect on me. Depending on who that person is. Honestly, I think people should ask more than one person for advice. When a person in general has a problem. I like to think that two thoughts go through their mind. One, I should figure this problem out in my own. Two, I should ask more than one person for their opinion.

If someone were to listen to them self, they might make the wrong choice. In my opinion, humans tend avoid the things they don't want to do. That could be doing homework, cleaning or making dinner. When it comes to making a decision, you could could be put in a difficult situation. Putting pressure on someone, to make the best choice. Most people offend over think situations. They delay the decision they were going to make. Then they end up listening to them self. Not thinking about the other people involved in the matter. When they really should think about the other people involved.

Asking a variety of people, is more helpful than you would think. Especially if someone were to ask older people. I say that because of the experience they might have. They have been on this earth for a long time. Seeing the changes that have happened over time. It is possible that the person you happen to ask, has been through the same thing or something close to it. An example would be parents. In the end they only want what's best for you. Not to repeat the mistakes they may have made in their life. They can give some great advice.

Psychologically, I think it takes a large toll out of a person's brain. Not telling anyone the problems someone might have, or asking for advice. If someone starts to chose one decision. Then decides to go back and think about the other decisions they may have. It could possibly render the first decision useless. If they decide their first choice was not correct. Leaving that person lost. Not knowing what the right choice is. Keeping that person thinking about the problem for hours and not letting them move on. If you don't tell anyone about the problems you may have. How are they supposed to know? How are they supposed to help you work things out? Asking multiple can help you make a faster decision. Without as much stress involved.

Think of all the positive out comes that can come from asking multiple people for advice. You won't have to worry as much, you will be prepared, and you will let people know what's going on in your life. If it was something extremely bad. Asking a person for advice can help you get away from that situation. Be bullied would be an example of that. It doesn't have to be a bad thing either. If it was someones birthday. You could ask someone for their preference. If you wanted to buy them a gift.

That's why I think it's important for people to ask more than one person for advice. They can help save you from making the wrong decision or spending to much time thinking about it. It also not somthing that you only get advice for something that is bad. It can be helpful tips. People need to depend on each other once in awhile. By the experiences that other people may have. They can tell you stories of there life and how to prepare for next time you may have a problem. 