TEACHER_NAME is thinking about that students with at least a grade B average are allowed to participate in sports or other school activities. I disagree with this because, some students have just below a grade B average and i don't think that it is fair that someone who has a 2.8 or 2.9 GPA isn't allowed to participate in school events. Also, i think the rule isn't fair to those who are already on the team that have a grade C average have to be kicked of the team. Lastly, I think the rule is unnecessary.

First, the students with a GPA of a 2.8 or 2.9 that aren't allowed to be apart of school events is absurd. Why should they be not allowed to do school events they just try as hard but just don't have all the consistent grades to be at least a 3.0 GPA. Well, the rule says that they need to be at least a 3.0. Yes it does but the kids who have GPA around it have some A' s and B' s but just have some bad grades in the subject that is hard for them.

Also, the students that are already on the team that don't have a grade B average shouldn't be kicked out from the team. The reason why I say this is that they put forth the effort for the team and the school but some of the kids with a acceptable GPA

don't try as hard and they still stay on the team that's ridiculous! The kids with the lower GPA should have put forth the effort that they put in their sports. Well, they do put forth the effort in school it's just that it harder for them to keep the grades as consistent as they want to be.

Lastly, I think the rule is unnecessary because the old rule of at least C average i think was better than the new rule. The reason why i say that is that the rule now is harder so that most of the kids can't try out for the events that they want to. Yes, true but that means they have to try harder. But, what about the kids who have a learning disability where it limits their learning ability.

In conclusion, i believe the rule of have at least a grade B average is absurd and i disagree with the rule. I hope that this letter will change TEACHER_NAME mind and have her change the rule back to what it used to be.