Cars, they are a part of alot of peoples everyday life. They alow you to get around easly whenever you need to, but what would you do without them. Some communitys are giving up cars like in "[Vauban] Germany [where]...[s]treet parking, driveways and home garages are generaly forbiden" (source 1). This may sound crazy but "57 percent [of Vauban's families] sold a car to move [there]" and "70 percent [] do not own cars' (source 1). One of the reson pepole do this is to reduce there emisions to help the enviroment.

Emisions can ahave a drastic effect on citys because, many people driving in a small area can lock the gases in the city causing smog. In Paris "[a]fter days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air ... On Monday motorist with even-numbered licence plates were ordered to leave their cars at home... the same would apply to the odds the next day" (source2). In places like this people don't like having days where they can't use there car, as shown by the "4,000 drivers [that] were fined" (source 2) But, in other places people like having a day without their car.

Places like Bagota, Colombia "cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permited for the Day Without Cars" (source 3), where people enthuaicticly use alternitive transportation to get to work. For some people not driving relives stress, a bussnes man living in Bagota says "[the day without cars is] a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" (source 3).

Even though cars may seem like an important part of out society today, a cultural shift may be leading america away from cars. "The number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter" (source 4) so even though you may depend on youer car every day in a couple of years cars may not be the main transportation for the US. So you may want to start thinking about using other forms of transport because the age of the poluting cars is coming to an end.    