Although, traveling and exploring to Venus would be beyond towards the history of mankind making it the first ever of humans to travel a planet that is closed to earth since traveling to the moon back in the 60s. this will be a good idea because now in days, technology keeps evolving and evolving, and it's simliar to earth with the same simliar density and size and it's closet in distance. But this will also be a bad idea because traveling to venus will be risky challenging move and due to the fact that venus is 2sec closed to the sun knowing that the weather in the planet is extremely high and the atmosphere is so thick it still a worthy pursuit to travel and explore even the dangers it presents. Human one day want to travel to venus to explore new things and that is posible to one day live in. but the weather and the atmosphere are realy on the high level that "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus’s atmosphere. On the planet’s surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." The conditions are far from beyond of extreme that any human being has ever ecountered and such an environment will crush any from its way. and not to know that "Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface." So how can mankind be at the option on making a mission that would be safe for science? well NASA had an idea in a way that if the want to sent humans to study and to explore Venus they would had ro make a ship that will fly with an altitude that can go over by many stroms smiliar to jet air planes its "a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. Solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels. Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." So now if mankind would one day ever travel to Venus and explore new things and other ways of finding out on the strange wonders of the planet even if the dangers lurking on the planet and thta it is closest to the sun, it will to the edges of imagination and innovation to tarvel to venus.   