Some schools will assign students projects over summer break to assure they will continue to learn school subjects. Summer is a long time and will give the students enough time to learn what is needed. There is a small debate as to whether the students or the teachers should design these projects. Although many teachers will assign and create these projects because they can make sure the students will learn what they need to learn, students should design these projects because many teachers will give to big of a project, many students might not have enough time to work on said project, and giving the student the ability to create the project will assure it can get done.

The first reason to support this claim is that teachers may give to big of a project. Normally, teacher will give a student a project to work on and learn but there is no telling how big that project could be. The teacher could say to create 1 deck of study cards or to write a 10 page essay on something that student may not have learned about. And many times the student may not get the project done in a way the teacher likes because they did not get a chance to go over something like that. Lastly, sometimes the student can get anxious or nervous about having to create a project as big or small as the teacher assigns.

Secondly, a student may not have the time to work on a big project. Teachers look forward to the summer just as much as kids do. Summer is a time to hang out with family or earn some money at a job. Many students simply will not have enough time to worry about creating a big school project. Everyone has responsibilities, like work, family, or just household tasks, and lots of people can not make enough time to work on summer projects. Also depending on how big the assigned project will be and how many teachers assign projects can be to much and give a student not enough time to complete them all.

Lastly, if a students designs a project they can make it so that it can revolve around their schedule. A teacher will normally give students a big project and expect it to be done without thinking about how a student has a life outside of school just like a teacher. For the majority of students, they are too busy with summer responsibilities to be able to work on a teacher assigned school project. If a student is given the right to create their own project, following some small steps from the teacher, there is a higher chance that the student will get the project done rather than not complete it.

In conclusion, students should be able to assign and create their own projects. Many reasons include how big the project is, how much time it will take, and how much time the student can work on it. So to make it easier on everyone, students should be able to make their own projects that can revolve around their own lives and responsibilities. 