Are you sure your making the right choice by doing it on your own? When people ask for advice, they sometimes like to talk to more than one person about making the right choice. In my pinion, asking people for advice is all about who you ask. People could ask others who think they know the answers but they dont really have the right information to guide them in the right direction, they could ask others who will give that person advice, but it would not be the wisest or smartest, and they could ask others who will help give them the right advice to make a good decision.

When asking for advice about something big, or something as small as an ant, it can get difficult trying to find the right people to ask. Most people ask for advice when the are not sure of something. A lot of individuals receive the wrong advice because they get it from the wrong people who dont know anything about the subject. For example, on my new softball team, some of the girls on my team gave me some advice about standing in the batters box when I am up to bat. They told me to stand a certain way so that I can hit the ball harder. when I did it, nothing changed. my swing was the same and the ball went no farther than it did before. then when those girls came up to bat, they were not even dong it and when they hit, the ball went nowhere. that was a lesson for me that I can seek multiple opinions and guides to help myself be a better person and make good choices.

While seeking advice from others, it is important that we make our decisions wisely and carefully. Some people may grant us the wrong information or advice to try and make us do something really wrong unwise. for instance, " They can be your friends one minute, and your enemies the next.". To me this quote means that someone can be there for us, help us out, and give you really good advice, and then just leave that person, betray them or just do them dirty. I think that this quote relates to " Receiving advice from multiple people " because people can sometimes give us advice or tell us to do something just to see us fail or to get others in trouble. All people need to make sure that they choose the right people to trust to get advice from.

The last type of person that people could get advice from are people that may have had experience with it or know more about it then we do. For example, when I need advice on school or softball, I ask my mother, my father and some other relatives that I know know more about the subject. Another example is if a person seeks advice to make a bad choice, that person can ask multiple people about it and the person giving advice can guide the other person into making a much wiser choice. Getting the right advice from the right people will help many others make wiser decisions and living a better life.

In conclusion, I think that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. At the end of the day though,it is all about our decision and it is also all about our choice and what we want to do. Many people ask for advice when they are not sure of something or not sure of what to do. Are you going to be the person who thinks they know the answers but they dont really have the right information to guide them in the right direction, the person who will give that person advice, but it would not be the wisest or smartest, or the person who will help give them the right advice to make a good decision and leave them on the right path?              