I believe that the students shouldn't have to be obligated to particpate in another activity or class. The reason why is because the students already have a lot going on for them they have 4 main classes they have to worry about Math, Science, English and Civics. Putting another class for them or activity is going to put a lot more weight on the students. For example if a student at the school has all AAP classes or honors classes they already have a lot on their mind to deal with for the student's classes like tests, projects and homework. Some students may already be participating in a activity outside of school like sports!

I believe the students should have a choice to choose a extracurricular activity not to be obligated, because the students already have to deal with so much outside of school and in school too. Another reason why it's a bad idea is because the amount of time the students have.

Lets say they as in the students join the school football team they are most likey going to have practice after school and that takes up a lot of time from someone's day. They're going to have to stay after school to particpate in that activity. Now that narrows down the amount of time the student has to finish all their homework, assignments or other things the students do in their time. A add on to this something that is important to the students, The amount of energy they have. Energy is something that helps the students get through their days of school they need that to focus on what they are learning and keeps them awake in class. There is now a chance that the student is going to have to start staying up late to finish assignments because of the amount of time they now have in their day. This is going to have a huge impact on the student's life because now they are going to have less energy from how late they stayed up. It's going to cause the student to be more tired in class and is most likey going to fall asleep in class and they are going to miss out on the important information they need for that class.

In a persons life two things matter, their time and their energy. Without their time they aren't going to be able to get a lot of things done. Without energy they won't be able to finish much either because they're too tired to do anything. There's a lot of risk of putting another class onto the students these just being the main effects and risks they may have to a student's life