Many people use cars for different reasons but thier are also consequences for driving.

Source 2

states, " Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city... smog rivaled Beijing , china, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world." Just imagine not having to worry about polluting our air, just ride a bike to get from place to place.

Source 4

states, " Studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." Park and sports centers have bloomed throughout cities due to lower pollution and greenhouse gasses all because some people cut out driving. Also, people are much happier knowing they are helping thier planet out one step at a time.

Vauben created a movement called "smart planning." They tried to seperate suburban life from auto use.

Source 1

states, "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions." If people would stop driving their cars or just drive them less, the world would be a healthier smog free evironment. Mr. Goldburg said that "How much you drive is important as whether you have a hybrid." Emissions of private cars owned by middle class are chocking cities.

Source 1

states, " In previous bills, 80 percent of apprpriations have by law gone to highways and only 20 percent to other transportation." These things show how limiting car usage will help the world be a better place.

Many people in columbia and cities all around have had bike trails for this movment since the 1990's. Most people in columbia see this movemnet as a good thing and ride their bikes to and from even when its raining. In

Source 3

, a business man, Carlos Arturo Plaza states, " It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." Many people around the world see others creating a revolutionary change in the world and are slowly jumping on board. In

Source 4,

" studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." This show how limited driving can help the planet and help those who cut out driving become more involved in sports and the environment.

Source 4

states, "As of 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995." As I said before, people are starting to notice the revolutionary change in the world and are slowly jumping on board. Even busy soccer moms and commuting executives have given up their cars to help make this movement possible. The pollution and greenhouse gasses go down more and more each day making the Earth a better, healthier place to live.                                             