Online schooling has become very popular over the last couple of years. There has been an ongoing debate over should students attend class by online or video conference. Those who disagree state, students will not be able to have peer to peer interactions, but this is not true. Although some may disagree, I believe students should be able to attend classes online.

Students being able to attend online school can benefit in a variety of ways. Online school can help students feel more comfortable about attending class. Many students may be afraid of new places or even new people; however, online school can decrease the amount of stress in students than a traditional classroom setting. From the comfort of their own home, students can feel at ease and less stressed about the work given. This type of schooling is also a cheaper option. The use of transportation to school and from school are no longer needed. The late buses and absent car rides can not prevent students from learning while doing online schooling. The need for any on campus or school purchases will not be needed. On campus necessities like room and board, dining and parking fees will not be needed through online learning. Moreover, that money could be used in a more progressive way. A huge plus about online school is that it can work around any busy schedule. Online school is easier to access all day, so anyone can access it anywhere, anytime. Students who take vacations or travel a lot benefit because of how easy the access is to assignments.

There are further reasons why students should attend online classes. Online schools offer a more personal learning experience. Video conferencing or chatting with a teacher allows a student's undivided attention on the subject matter. This causes students to respect teachers and have a good rapport. Personalized learning is used more during online school because of the availability of each student is different. These virtual classrooms can also be less of a disturbance. There would not be a loud classroom distracting the teacher or student from doing their job. Student will not be dependent on other classmates for answers or conversations during lectures. Students at home have an advantage to complete at home responsibilities. For example, chores can be finished sooner because of the time spent at home rather than in a traditional school setting. Family situations can also be dealt with because of the at home availability by online classrooms.

Although some may disagree, I believe students should be able to attend classes online. This is the case due to being a cheaper option, less disturbances, and helps students feel more comfortable. Those who oppose state students will not have peer to peer interactions and not everyone has access to a computer, but this is not true. Many Americans have different values; however, every American deserves to get an education no matter the circumstance. Online schooling can introduce new ways of learning and benefit our modern society. 