How is distance learning more beneficial than traditional public schooling? In recent years, students have been given the opportunity to attend classes from home. This availability has not only shown a great increase in student participation, but an increase in overall passing. I believe many high school students could benefit from distance learning because it is more convenient for those with obligations outside of school and the environment of a public school can be overwhelming at times; However, the actual efficiency of distance learning depends on each student's learning preference.

Each year, technology advances further and provides access to much more convenient means of learning. Distance learning gives students the opportunity to not only learn outside of school, but also the chance to better balance their time. Many high school students are choosing to become employed and with access to attend classes from home, they can better schedule time between work and school. Others may have obligations to family or peers which leads to low attendance percentages; In an institution's perspective, higher rates of attendance means they are doing well. Allowing students to take online classes means those who can't physically be at school, can still complete their courses without damaging their school's, or their own, image. Attending classes from home also teaches students responsibility, accountability, and expands their learning abilities, each of which are skills that will be crucial to succeeding in future careers.

Furthermore, public schools can be very overwhelming for many students. As a student with multiple anxieties myself, I perceive distance learning as a way to escape the unnecessary stresses that come with attending a public school. Having the opportunity to complete courses online, from home, means there is no need to feel obligated to look or act in any particular way. Students would not feel so pressured to meet the high expectations some teachers reflect, and could work at their own pace. In addition, it has been found that students who teach themselves, whether it be online or out of a textbook, are much more flexible when it comes to finding a career; Flexibility is an important characteristic because many employers look for someone reliable who can multitask. With each of these things in mind, distance learning might sound ideal for everyone.

However, not all students prefer, nor are capable of, distance learning. All people have different learning preferences, and some would rather sit in a physical classroom simply because they learn better that way. Though many students find this method endearing, some are not yet capable of the responsibility that needs to be taken in order to complete courses from home. Although this way of learning can benefit many students, it should not become the sole way of teaching because it is not inclusive to all.

In conclusion, I agree with the statement that students would benefit from being able to take classes from home; However, I do not think this is an ideal method for all students.