With the advancement of technology and increased accessibility of the internet comes many possible positive changes. One of these possible positive changes is distance learning: a way to attend school from home through online conferences. Some schools offer this new way of learning, but should more schools transfer to this method? Schools should implement distance learning into their curriculum because it will benefit students by being extremely convenient, providing a comfortable setting, and creating a safer community.

Distance learning is very convenient. Say someone misses a school day because of sickness. Well, with distance learning, said student could still catch up and follow classes through online calls. It would be as if that student was right there alongside the rest of the class. Many schools in Asia have switched to online learning due to the Coronavirus outbreaks and high chance of being infected. Online classes are very convenient because these students are able to use the power of technology to continue their studies. It's also convenient for teachers as they do not have to stress about make up work or students needing to catch up. Sickness may be a one time thing; what if someone has a physical disability that makes it extremely difficult to travel to different places? Online classes is extremely convenient for a person with disabilities because not only do they not have to worry about traveling, they can learn from the comfort of a familiar place like their own home.

Comfort plays a big role on determining how well a person does. It is common knowledge that people perform better in a familiar, comfortable work environments than one that is uncomfortable. When discomfort is taken out of daily routines, the energy used to combat discomfort would instead be used to focus on something else. For example, my mother cannot sleep soundly anywhere that is not her own bed the first night because she isn't used to the bed yet. This leads to not enough sleep. However, if it was her own bed, she wouldn't have had to worry about discomfort and instead the energy that would've been used for feeling uncomfortable would be used to sleep well. Similarly, the comforts of a student's home and pajamas will yield better grades because the energy they would've used to get used to a different setting and time used to put together an outfit would be used to pay attention in class and understand new class material.

Online schooling is a safer alternative to going to school. It is safer for the environment and for students. Schools are trying to go paperless to help the environment but if school itself is online, not only is paper being saved, but pollution will decrease due to the lack of school buses, cars, and other means of transportation. With the doom of climate change approaching, anything should be done to at least postpone it, online classes are one way of doing so. Benefiting the environment indirectly benefits students, but a way that online classes are directly beneficial is violence in schools would decrease. With everyone safe at home, bomb threats, school shootings, and other forms of violence would decrease, if not disappear, entirely. The extermination of school-related violence would make students more eager to learn because they do not have to keep their guard up at all times; once again, using that energy to good use: studying.

Online schooling is an incredible way to utilize technological advancements to good use. The convenience of technology is unbeatable and making school online would make everyone's life easier. Comfort plays a major role in making staying at home and learning convenient. Online schooling is especially beneficial because it is so much safer. Though there will always be benefits to in-building schooling, school through online calls and conferences will always be superior and beneficial to students due to its convenience, comfort, and safety. 