France, Germany , United States, Colombia and other countries are taking actions of the problems that the cars are making. It is true that cars are helpful and make the life easier to some persons but lately the concer of how this machines affect the ecosystem have being increasing. That is  why countries have come with different projects to try to limit the amount of cars they are around their cities. If we see from a different perpestictive the limiting of cars can be a good thing and produce result that are favorable to everyone.

Through the years they have been several projects of reductiond of car circulation and it is visible that the population have apadted to the type of living that cities have imposed.

One example of this is Vauban, Germany were 70 percent of the families do not have a car and 57 percent sold a car to move there. with that example we can see that people can get used to a live where cars are not necesary to have. "When I had a car I was always tense. I am uch happier this way," these are the word of one of the resident of that city that get used to a lifestyle without a car. In that city people get used to walk which is more healty and do not produce any harm to the ecosystem.

Other cities like Paris have made laws to control the amount of pollution cars produce since , this capital have more smog than other European capitals making this a awful fact. With the actions they have made of baning even-numbered license plate on Mondays they have reduced the amount of smog which is good. Another example is what is happening in Bogota, Colombia where you can see car-free days, where people any other mean of transportations except for personal cars. When the actions of both cities atre taken it is visible the cahnge on the enviroment. This great ideas help the crouded cities to reduce their levels of pollition and icentive people on use the car less.

United State that is a country that produces a lot of pollution have seen good changes in the tendenci of the people of using car. Studies have prove that the amount of new cars buied have decrease in the last years. Also there have been a drop of the amount of people getting a license. This show that is a county support public transportation and make programs that will make people use less the cars they will have a positive result.

Walking and using a bike is good for the personal healt. The less using of the cars help the fight against pollution and avoid the rise of temperature in the earth. Obesiti and pollution are a big problen in the last decades but they both share something in common, they can be fought by using less a car and walking, being this the perfect statement that prove why limiting the car usage will be an adventage.    