The face you think was created by aliens was not, because we have no evidence of aliens throught all of our travels in space. The face is just a natural landform on Mars. If you think that NASA wants to hide this for their research your wrong. If NASA released that there was alien lifeforms on Mars their funding would be increased by a lot. The photos may look likes the face was created by something, but it is a naturally formed mesa. It looks like a face because the shadows form what look to be like eyes, a nose, and a mouth. If there have been spacecrafts surveying the land on Mars then why have there not been any pictures sent back of alien lifeform.

If the face was created by aliens where, the aliens should be nearby unless they can travel faster than anything the Earth has. The face could not have been created by aliens because there is not any lifeform on Mars that is not microscopic. We havesurveyed Mars several times and not seen anything proving alien liforns except for this face. If there are aliens then there should be more evidence than a face, which is most likely a mesa. If there are aliens and they built this face, it had to mean something to them. If the face meant something to the aliens then they would be found near it. The Middle Butte in the Snake RIver Plain of Idaho is a lave dome that takes the place of an isolated mesa and is about the same height as the face on Mars.

In 2001, the Mars Global Surveyor came close enough to the face to get a good picture. It was a cloudless day, so the picture was very clear. Each pixel measured to about 1.56 meters. The Viking 1 photo measured about 43 meters per pixel. There were no markings on the face from an alien lifeform.

The Mars Global Surveyor looks straight down on the planet taking pictures and sending them to NASA. Since the Mars Global Surveyor only does 2.5 km-wide strips it does not pass over the face very often. Even though it does not pass over the face very often the Mars Global Surveyor covers a lot of land and has not seen any aliens. You have the right to still believe that the face as created by alien lifeform, but I hope these facts changed your point of view on the situation.