Cars are used everyday, and all around the world. Car usage is one of the leading causes of air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions. There are great advantages of  limiting car usage, such as it would take away the stress of driving, reduce air pollution, and promote more outdoor activity.

Reducing car usage is beneficial because it takes away the stress of driving. Driving comes with a lot of responsibility, and with responsibility comes stress. Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two states," When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier [not driving] this way"(Rosenthal). When people don't have to drive it takes a lot off them, they don't have to worry about parking, filling up their tank, or traffic jams. For excample, David Goldberg, an official of Transportation for America agrees that there needs to be a change in the way people depend on soley on cars for their main source of transportation. He says," All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change"(Rosenthal). The more we limit the usage of cars the less tense everyone will be. So, limiting the car usage is very advantageous to everyone involved.

Limiting car usage is also has positive advantages on the environment, such as the reduction of air pollution. Cars are one of the main reasons why there is pollution. Author Robert Duffer says," Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog...[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world"(Duffer). Fewer cars being used means that there is little pollution, and people are more likely to go outside and enjoy the non-polluted air. Carlos Arturo Plaza, a businessman said," It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution"(Selsky). Limiting car usage is more than just beneficial to the environment, it is also beneficial for the community as well.

Not only does limiting usage of cars help reduce air pollution, it also helps promote more outdoor activity.    