Electronic devices nowadays are in everyone's pockets, everyone has one, even kids.

In these times, it is essential to have one, even poor people can have an electronic device. With that being said they are always in people's faces everywhere you go, when we're walking, shopping, even when people are working they have their phones out, but if your job requires this it's ok. People always tend to be distracted by their devices which leads to them blindly making mistakes that could have easily been avoided if their head wasn't stuck in a phone. With that being said, the question for today is, should phones be allowed while driving in an automobile.

I personally don't think that phones should be allowed while driving unless you have your phone propped up in your car, and you're using it for directions, therefore you're in a place of need for your device. Otherwise i don't think you should be recklessly texting and driving because that doesn't only put you and your passengers in danger of crashing but also everyone else on the road around you. These types of fatal accidents always happen, because people think they can be aware enough to be on their phone and drive. An estimated amount of about 391,000 people were injured in texting and driving related crashes in 2017. This goes to show that you should always be careful because I am pretty sure everyone of those 300 thousand people didn't plan on getting into an accident before it happened.

Texting and driving is dangerous, it kills hundreds of people every year, especially since there are new drivers every year. Teen drivers are usually the ones who text and drive the most, which is another reason why teen crashes are at an alltime high. That doesn't mean adults don't do it, I personally know someone who was always on their phone when they were driving.

Texting, talking, or just catching up on social media, which is so irrelevant while you are driving. This person didn't learn until they crashed their car by rear ending a truck, and can you guess why this incident happened? It was because she was talking on her phone while it happened.

Being on your phone and driving can be avoided with all the technology we are starting to have now. Now we have tools that can hold your phone in a visible position without distracting your view from the road, And you don't have to hold it. Modern vehicles are also being made with built in screens which is like it's own phone in the car, which you can operate while parked, and some features while you are driving. Society is constantly upgrading so that incidents like these can stop happening so much, because they are so preventful. We as a society are starting to put our phones down, especially because if you are seen by a police officer with a phone in your hand while you're driving you can instantly get pulled over and get a ticket.

As a driver myself I try not to use my phone while I'm moving, I personally try to wait until I'm stopped at a red light or I stop at a stop sign. If I need directions I can put the computer in my car and it'll take me to my destination the same as my phone would. If I want to send a text, I can either use Siri or just call the person and use a handsfree call. We as a society need to learn how to work around the dangers when it comes to things like this that can put our lives in danger, and random innocent people in danger also. Because if we don't preventable tragedies like these will never end.   