Why would you sacrifice your whole social life just to take classes online? When children stay home from school they are either sick or just don't wanna come and usually its just that they dont wanna come. I know when i stay home i am bored within seconds wondering what my friends are doing at school. If students were to attend school they would get the high school experience, more hands on learning, and a better understanding of the work being given. Some people may say students should be able to attend classes at home. They are wrong because most students can barely pay attention at school so why would they even try at home.

When you go to school you make friends and meet new people almost everyday, but when your home all day everyday how are you supposed to make friends when you have never attended school. School is a easy way for children of all ages to come out of their comfort zone and experience new things. Students not attending school would stop them from building bonds, meeting new people and experiencing the outside world. When your attending classes online you can basically say your isolated from others because you would spend most your time in the house doing work on a computer. Some people may say you can still have a social life when not attending school. They are wrong because how can you have a social life when you have no time to meet new people.

There are many different ways that teachers teach and different techniques they use. Not all of their ideas may work but the one way most students learn is with hands on activities. This is because students have to be able to picture what they are learning in order to comprehend the work. For example, in math class teachers use blocks and colors for students to understand the lesson and this helps show them different ways of going about the equations. When doing hands on actives its an easy way of putting what you have learned to use while still learning the lesson. Some people may say students will learn whether its hands on or not. They are wrong because how can a students learn something when they haven't practiced others ways of going about the problem.

Students get work back to back on a everyday basis and probably only understand half of it. Then the teachers expects us to learn all the work by this and that time. How can one understand the work and their at home sitting behind a computer ? Students have to be able to ask question when in class in order to understand the work they are being given but how can you do that when your not face to face with your teacher. When trying to talk to your teacher about work they assigned it is easier to be able to show them the work and they help you work through the problem with you and not keep sending emails back and forth. Being able to communicate with your students psychically and show them each step of the lesson is a easy way to understand the lesson better. Some people may say as long as you pay attention online you'll get the work. They are wrong because being face to face with your teachers will help you understand the lesson in a better.

Clearly, students attending school is a better option because they would get the high school experience, more hands on learning, and a better understanding of the work being given. Some people may say students should be able to attend classes at home however, they are wrong because most students can barely pay attention at school so why would they even try at home. If the school board felt that students should have the option of attending classes at home then there would be way more numbers in home schooling. In my opinion students should wanna go to school for many different reasons because even though its comes with a lot of work learning can be fun at time.