Driverless cars are benifitial for some people. Not all agree on the dvelopments of driverless cars. Now of days, there is not much to expect with new technology. The invention of highly technological cars are high tech and can help with many world problems. Here is an explantion for people that are for the development of these cars.

The driverless cars are very impressive and a good idea if people want better safety on the road. If there was to be any drunk drivers on the road, which should not be driving to begin with, people would want to stay away from that person for the benefits of their own safety. With the driverless cars, the driver that is antoxicated and the other drivers on the road, would all be able to get home safely. The only problem with the driverless car would be driver having to park on their own, as said in the passage. The second example for why driverless cars are great would be a mother driving with her infant. In case of any emergencies, the mother could trust the smart car on steering for one second while she grabbed something for her child. Some people would call it laziness, but it could be very benefitial for a parent.

Understandably, there are reasons why people are against the development for these smart cars. For instance, the smart car mentioned in the passage that BMW made in 2013, that could drive on its own a certain speed. While also only being able to drive when the drivers hands are on the steering wheel. It sounds like a useless product if it is a driverless car. Secondly, why people are against it, is because it sounds like laziness. High tech cars became more popular with sensors in the 1980's as said in the passage. Before, people could walk to their destination and stay healthy. Now there are cars that don't need a driver. Those are some reasons why people are against the development of driverless cars.

In the end, driverless cars can solve many problems in todays world. From drunk driving to helping passagengers, driverless cars can help a lot. Although people who do not want smart cars to develop more, have reasonable reasons why they don't support it, many do support it. It can help a lot with road safety. Concluding that there are good reasons for the development for driverless vehicles.         