I don't agree with the students benefiting from being able to attend classes from home. You can't just understand what you doing just by a computer I would rather just go to the teacher in person and get it. That is better than anything because what if your computer break exactly now you need to buy a new one instead of just taking the class not on computer. I also think like what if you miss something or don't know what it means then you have to look it up and it will give you a wrong answer instead of just getting it from the teacher that is teaching it. My real reason why I wouldn't recommend doing the online classes is because I don't trust it at all and why I don't trust it is because what if something hack yall system anything can happen you will never know. You can get it on a video though it's better but still wouldn't recommend it.

Don't think students should do distance learning because a lot of things can distract them from doing their work like the phone,the game and food. That is really the main reason why I can't do it because I can get distracted fast and forget what I have to do in a fast time. Some students also get distracted by parents too because they would always want them to do something while they doing work that is why we go to school instead of working at home to many distractions really if you have siblings that is the worst. Therefore, just go to school instead of hooking up the online classes because at the end of the day it is always going to be a distract no matter if it's a phone, children, or parents. I can't do the distraction really when I am trying to work really hard at what I am doing at the moment because I like being a try hard at working.

Also,You may need to build friend ships during school time because that is how you really get friends any way in life is through school. I have so many friend ships trough school not online classes to take after school we work on online stuff for our classes like no red ink after school like I said and if i don't know something I asked my teacher in person instead of emailing. Friendships can help you through school too if you need any help from somebody you have friend right thee work on projects and more. This explain why friend ship and online classes dont get along you wouldn't have nobody to hang around with when you get older and you need memories so we can tell them to our kids growing up. One day, I can really explain why you shouldn't take online classes not right now I don't have enough knowledge. Please don't take online classes you may need to listen to do better than a computer is telling you.

So, I had this friend that wanted to drop out and take online classes instead of coming to class. One day, he was like it is going great so far because nobody was hoe at the time then thats when the teacher came up to me the next day and told me to tell him turn in his work and Then I contacted him to see what was going on and he said he was playing the game he will call me back this is why I said so many things can distract you for what yo really want to do. He called back and I was telling him to come back to school he said he was because of all these distraction in his house right of now so that is what he did and he finished all of his work and now have straight A's with a 4.0 GPA. That is a good reason why I dont take online classes my friend expired me to just do it with the teacher yo got and yall can great bonds while you doing it. Im at a point in life where I am doing great right now no distractions all of my friends i my classes are doing great and thats what I like too see. And what if you want to play sports for the school but you cannot taking online classes see this is why i'm in school doing good and playing for the football team. I can never do online classes I think it is bad for you.

This is why I think it is bad to take online classes instead of taking the class in person with the teacher him/herself. Sometimes you have to just go to the classes and on time. You also don't need any distractions from a game,phone, and parents. The friendship was a real thing you need friends in school to create bonds with and be friends yall whole lives ahead of you. The friend I was talking about is still a straight A student thats in 12th Im still pushing her hard until this day and I am happy for everything I said and did to make her stay in school instead of online classes. I would not recommend using online classes from my reasons so don't use them this is why the same thing can happen to you.