It is known that asking multiple people for advice is more efficient than just asking one person, because it allows poeple to have a more open mindset and have a different perspective on the circumstance. Seeking multiple opinions when asking for advice is a smart idea because people will get diverse opinions on the situation, people will hear out how the other person feels about the scenario, and the person will obtain more advice to consider.

Having a open mindset when taking advice from someone else is key. If a person is offering someone advice, they should take it or at least listen to what the other person has to say because most likely they are just trying to help. People should always hear the other person out even if its something small because they may have a point. When going to ask for advce try to think of people who are not as similar as yourself, because they can give you a outlook on your situation that may be very helpful. Going to people that are not as similar to your personality will have a blind outlook of the situation which means that their advice may be slightly more brutal and honest compared to someone who has the same personality traits as yourself. So if your interested in getting honest advice, I would advise going to someone who is considered to be opisite of your personality.

Of course when asking multiple people for advice you're going to get a lot of different opinions, and reactions to your situation. I would start by asking the people you're closest with then slowy move out of your comfort zone to the people that dont seem as similar. I would do that just so people can seek more honest opinions other than your friend group that knows everything about your life. When you're recieving the advice take it into consideration and how it may affect your future. By that I mean your future life, your future decisions, your future feelings. Just think about all of those things after you hear advice from people and really think hard and consider what the best route for your life would be.

If your asking for advice go to people your obtaining trust with but also people that are honest, because you're going to want to have honest opinions that will benefit your life. I think after getting all the advice your brain thinks that it needs, I would use the 3 C's. Clarify, consider, and choose. Clarify your current situation ( what you've been getting advice on. ) Consider all of the opinions, feedback, and advice that was given to yourself. And go through and choose which advice would be most beneficial to your current lifestyle.

Getiing diverse opinions and viewing your situation from other perspectives are both good reasons why people should seek multiple advice and opinions from many different types of people. People will get the opurtunity to hear out what other people have to say about their situation, and they will obtain more advice by asking more people which most likely will be beneficial to whoever is asking for the advice.   