Dear, State Senator

I have recently read articles about the electoral vote system currently in place in the united states.

The electoral vote system elects other people, called electors, to vote for the people.  They basically vote for president, if you and many others vote for him/her.  I believe the electoral vote system is glitchy, outdated, and confusing to some.

The electoral vote system can be manipulated and unfair.  The electors can be choosen by state conventions, state central committees, and the candidates running for president.  If the president can choose his electors, could'nt he replace the orignal electors for new ones that will guarantee a vote for him.  The peoples vote would'nt matter.  This situation happened in the two-thousand election when George W. Bush won the election with more indivisual votes than electoral votes.  This violates our constitution which states, the government is controlled by the people and allows for change if enough people in the US want it.  If you've ever noticed that during the presidential election, candidates don't come to certain states.  In the electoral system, each state has a winner-take-all system.  When the state goes over their electoral votes, the winner with the most electoral votes takes all of them, while the electoral votes of the opponent gets no votes toward him.  This can cause mayhem, the non-counted votes can make a big diffrence in the election.  In nineteen-seventy six their would have been a tie if 9,246 voters in Hawaii and Ohio voted the opposing side.  The elections come close and without the popular vote which accounts for millions of people in America, we may have had better elections with less debates.  The electoral college contains 538 electors, out of those 538 their only 270 are mandatory to vote.  Each elector equals each member in your states House Of Represenatives and add two for the senate.  California has a population of 35 million and wyoming has a population of 500,000.  Wyoming having 5 electors and california having 55.  This doese'nt make sense because if a state may have a higher population than wyoming but yet still have less electors.  The system is very confusing in these ways causing some to vote for the wrong candidate and others thinking they are voting for the right candidate they believe is true .

The electoral votes are'nt the worst because we are still showing our democracy, showing off Americas greatnest in its government.  The electoral vote crisis in two-thousand rarely happens.  This situation has'nt happened since eightteen-eighty eight, its a rare occurance.  Electoral votes also make the playing field even.  If we had popular votes in place, then wouldnt the presidents have a landslide if they went to all the biggest populated states.  The electoral votes can allow ties and close elections to happen instead of land slides in many elections.

The electoral votes should be replaced.  Even so they even out the playing field and the occurence of rigged electoral votes happen, it still doese'nt make up for the both elections lost in eightteen-eighty eight and two thousand.  If we dont change the electoral votes soon, the occurance of electoral vote sabotage will occur more often causing an unfair government to be in place.            