In 1976 a land form was found on Mars that looked very similiar to a human face. Some people's minds immediatly thought that it was from aliens. This would make no sense because there are plenty of forms like this on Mars. Aliens wouldn't build a form that looked like humans. If it was an alien there would be proof, and we would know. This theory is way to far fetched to be the truth because this is just like any other land form on Mars. We have tons of evidence that prooves that it isn't from aliens and the only "evidence" the people that think it was the work of aliens have is that it looks like a face. There theory holds no water, yet people still believe it. Just look at the facts.

They discovered the face-looking form on a part of Mars called Cydonia. On Cydonia there are lots of forms called Martian mesas. It was not irregular to find one where they were at. The fact that it looked like a face was just a coincedence. It only looked like a face because of the way it was shadowing. To actually be from aliens all of the messas would of had to come from them because it was just like any other. There is no way that aliens made any of the others. The only reason that this one is believed to be built by them is only because it resembles a face. I'm sure if you looked hard enough you could find another form that resembled something, and then people would think that it was from aliens, but they're not. You can look at clouds and find shapes in them and people don't think aliens made them. Some think that just because it is on another planet that aliens must have made it, but it doesn't mean that at all.

When people first noticed that it looked like a face they immediatly started thinking that aliens were behind it because they thought that it looked like an Egyptian pharoah. How could an alien that lived on Mars know what an Egyptian pharoah looked like? They are a completely different planet, millions of miles away. Even if it is just a regular face, not a pharoah, still how would aliens even know what humans looked like? And, say that they did know what we looked like, still why would they build this land form to look like us and not themselves? It makes absolutly no sense. If it really was aliens they would want to build of themselves, so they get some credit. There is no way they would of made it of a completely different species.

There is nothing special about this form other than the fact that it looks like a face. It is exactly like all the other forms on mars. Conspericy theorists want to say that we, NASA, know that it is from aliens and that we're just trying to keep it a secret. That makes even less sense then saying that aliens created it in the first place! If we could find something that was really built by aliens, that would be tremedously great for us. If we knew that it was built by aliens we would be overwhelmed by excitement, and we would let everyone know about it. The cold hard truth is that it is just like any other form. The fact that it looks like a face makes some people suspicous, and we get that. Who wouldn't want to know that their is life on other planets, I know I would be amazed if it was true, but it isn't. This is just a really cool looking land form, nothing else. Aliens had absolutly nothing to do with it.

When this face shaped land form was found, even the people on the ship wanted to think that it was made by aliens. It would be great for everyone, especially NASA, but they quickly had to come to reality and realize that it was just like the rest, it just had a really interesting shape. Some dreamers still would like to believe that aliens built this land form, but they to need to soon come into reality. There are so many of these forms on Mars already. Aliens wouldn't want to build a land form that looked like a human. If it was from an alien we would know, and we wouldn't keep it from you. All real evidence shows that aliens were not involved what so ever, but some would still like to believe they were. Just look at the evidence, and hopefully you to will see that there is nothing special about it. 