When your looking for advice go to multiple people that you trust when seeking their advice. Asking more than one person can lead you to the right answers or choices you have to decided to make. Asking more people can give you more choices and ideas to choose about something. Hearing multiple people and their opinions can make you feel good about your choice and not make you regret the choice you chosen. Some people might have bad ideas and some might have good ideas,put those together and the right choice is there for you.

Asking more than one person can lead you to making the right choice or answers because some people might have bad ideas and some may have good ideas. Hearing people bad ideas will shorten your choices of making a bad choice about something that can't be undo. Hearing other people good ideas can give you even more good choices to add on to your choose you chosen. Getting advice from other people is a good thing also because some people are going to tell you what you want to here,but most people is going to tell you what you don't want to here. The right answers is always what you don't want to here because the people that tells you what you want to here is just trying to make you feel better than telling you the right answer.

Another reason for asking multiple people you can get more ideas about something. Everybody is not the same, people like different things so when asking multiple people rather than one person you can get different ideas from everybody to come up with your own idea. Some people are creative and good thinkers when it comes to giving advice or ideas so when you asking one person something you only hearing one person idea and advice instead you can be listening to multiple people. If you only asking one person you can get either a bad choice or a good answers but when asking multiple people you can most likely get a good choice. You just have to trust the people your seeking for advice and ideas from to make your choice a good choice.

Finally when your Hearing more than one person advice or idea you can feel like you made the right choice because you heard all these bad and good advice or ideas from other people. Other people who are different form each other,who have different personality and ideas. This makes you not regret the choice you chosen because all the people you trust gave you advice ad ideas so all you got to do is put everybody opinion together and come up with your choice. If you only took advice and ideas form one person you would second guess yourself because you heard one advice that might be bad or good. Everybody is creative in their own way and at different things not just one person.

Conclusion is that people should go to multiple people instead of one person. They want to make a good choice so going to multiple people you can hear different advice or ideas than hearing one person. Going to multiple people that you trust and won't tell you what you want to hear is going to lead you to the right choice. Ask people who are creative and hard thinkers they will give great advice or ideas. when coming up with your choice take everybody advice and yours and you will get the right choice or idea about something.