There are positive and negatives to all things in life. Some things we can't stop from happening. One thing that is in our future is driverless cars. In the future more and more people will have this type of car. The reasons to allow driverless cars in the future are like a three-legged stool. I am for the driverless cars because it can prevent car crashes, you still have some control of the car, and you can accomplish tasks in the car.

The first leg on the the stool is it can prevent car crashes. In the passage it says, "Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009. Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash." Also in the passage it explains that there might be an aspect where the car can watch you. If the car can see you are texting it won't let you take over the car. This would reduce the amount of car crashes due to texting and driving. I also think that with the driverless car it would reduce the amount of drunk driving crashes. On the other hand, I can see how peope would be against this they may think it could cause more crashes. For example, what would happen if the car stopped working and didn't alert the driver. The driver may have to idea that the car stopped and easily drive off the road.

The second leg on the stool is you still have some control of the car. The passage says, " They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills." In areas such as construction zones and accidents the car will alert you and you can take over. The car can alert you by having flashing lights on the windshield or vibrating your seat. I like to know I have some control of my vehicle. This way I know I can take over before it drives me into a ditch or a pond. I can see someone's view that is against this as why would I want a driverless car if I still might have to drive it. The car wouldn't be driverless if you have to drive through constuction zones. This could cause issue because people would want the car to be completely in control.

The third leg on the stool is you can accomplish tasks in the car. If you are running behind on getting something finished for work and you have a half and hour drive there that is a waste of time. With the driverless car you can get your work finished and still make it to work on time. Also, since the car is watching you if you recieve a text you can respond. I feel this will be much safer with all the drivers I have seen that text and drive. On the other hand, someone who is against the driverless car might feel this is unsafe. If the driverless car stops working and the driver is doing something else they won't have time to gain control of the car to stop from crashing.

There are positives and negatives to all things in life. Some things we can't stop from happening. The driverless cars are in our future. Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan by 2020 plan to all have a driverless car according to the passage. The reasons to allow driverless cars in the future are like a three-legged stool. I am for the driverless cars because it can prevent car crashes, you still have some control of the car, and you can accomplish tasks in the car. This is how the reasons to allow driverless cars are like a three-legged stool.