Dear Senator,

Presidential elections are closer than they seem, and your people have a complaint you need to hear. It involves the right to vote directly for a leader, and the ignoring of the vast majority. People have spoken in favor of omitting the Electoral College and sticking to what the people themselves deem acceptable for a president; not what one person decides for millions.

It does not make sense for the voters of America not to vote directly for who they want to lead, represent, and protect their counrty. Especially if the people cannot even choose who the electors are! That is ignoring the 23rd Amendment all together.

But do not get me wrong, I understand that some people are more comfortable with the Electoral College and they prefer to leave it in the hands of somebody politically intelligent and aware, but that usually means that those people need education and knowlege about the state of their country, and nned to be aware of how important their right to vote directly is. The Electoral College can go so wrong so fast and we need to go by what the majority millions say rather than the minorities with little to no knowlege. Us as Americans need to be educated when it comes to who is running in order for us to be able to say yes or no for ourselves- not depend on an unknown entity who might not even listen to what the people are saying.

So many great people who were voted most popular and accepted amongst the people have actually lost presidency over the fact that the College had the upper hand. This is unfair to those in America who took the time to directly vote and who took the time to learn and watch debates that the opponent won due to the fact that thousands upon thousands did not speak for themselves and left it to somebody else blindly.

In conclusion, Senator, I am asking you to think: is there ever really a happy turn out from ignoring the vast majority or doesn't that lead to an eventual uprising? Letting one speak for all is an unitelligent thought, we are a country where the people have power, have a voice, and are aware. Losing that is losing what makes us free. We all need the vote, we all need the voice, and we all have the right to choose exactly what we want for the future of this country.

Thank you for your time, and thank you for listening.

With Upmost Respect,

PROPER_NAME    