There has been a lot of debate circling wether or not the infamous "Face on Mars" is an actual alien made structure of a face or just a natural landform. In my professional opinion its safe for me to assume it is just a natural landform.

Although it resembled a face in the first picture it doesn't necesarrily mean it was created by life forms to look like a face. The only features you can make out on the so-called "Face" are deep holes for eyes, a pointed part for the nose, and a line for the mouth. It doesn't have any distinct features. If if was made my martians they most likely wouldn't want a monument of a human's face so what is it supposed to be? I'll you what it is butte or mesa, a natural landform that is common on Earth.

Another reason you know it isn't a face is the camera quality of the first image. The camera quality in 1976 wasn't as advanved as today's technology is. The pictures in both 1998 and 2001 were both much more clear than the original photograph. Although you can make out somewhat of a face it doesn't mean thats what it was. It could have just been a blurry picture.

Conspriacy theorists say it actually was aliens and they made the face but NASA would greatly benefit from finding actual life on Mars. If NASA found legitimate alien lifeforms it could benefit the whole world. If they were non-hostile they could teach us how to make and use their technology. We could learn a lot from them, like why the landforms on their planet resemble faces. NASA has been trying to find alien life for years, if they found it they woudln't deny them and say they don't exist.

There are a lot of people that think it has to be a face. And the pictures are from 25 years apart, so anything could have happened to the landform in that long. Natural wear and tear could have washed across the surface of it and rendered it a natural landform. In all seriousness they could be right but it would take a lot more than 25 years to ruin solid rock.

The "Face on Mars" had a good 25 year run. It was mostly scaring people and giving conspiracy theorists ammunition to shoot at the government to try to get us to admit there is other life out there, but its time to face reality. It is not a face. It really is a landform. If there was life on Mars you could see it with the cameras we have today, but sadly, no such luck. It's not a face on Mars, we just have imaginations that run wild with wonder.