In the passage "Unmasking the Face on Mars" the Face was not created by aliens, it is just a natural landform. For one, the Face resembles land forms on Earth. Two, NASA is a professional agency, why would they not tell the truth. Three, the images themself prove that the Face is just a natural landform.

The Face resembles landforms on Earth. In the passage it says "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa—landforms common around the American West. “It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,” says Garvin. “That’s a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars.”' Some critics may argue that the landform is not like the others; however, it is similar to the land forms on Earth. Plus, there are tons of land forms on Mars, so why would this one be any different.

NASA is a professional agency, why would they lie. In the passage it says "Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars—evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars." Therefore, why would NASA keep that information from the people when it would actually benefit them. If NASA says that the Face is just a land form and only looks like a face because of the shadows, then it obviously is.

Besides, the images are proof that it is nothing more than a natural landform. After all, seeing is believing. The images progressively get better and better. Some people may argue that the when they took the picture in "April ’98—a cloudy time of year on the Red Planet. The camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face. Perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze." But that cant be true since NASA eventually went out and took an even better picture in 2001, proving that the Face is nothing more than a natural landform.

In conclusion, in the article "Unmasking the Face on Mars" the Face was just a natural landform, it was not created by aliens. The Face resembled land forms on Earth. NASA is a government agency and would not lie about it, since it would overall benefit them. Last but not least, the images are enough proof that it is nothing more than a land form. The images progressively get better, which in return, proves that the Face is nothing more than a land form that is common on Mars. 