Venus, along with Mars are the closest planets to Earth, they also at one point or another might have been similar to our planet. Yet, we have explored Mars much more than we have Venus. Venus has left us mind-boggled on how to study it with it's dangerous conditions, such as the thick acid rain, the average temperature of over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure that is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. Though the exploation is worth these risks for we can explore a planet that scienctists believe could have been once similar our own. Nasa has developed many ideas and solutions to hopefully find new ways to study one of the closest planets to us.

The first way that NASA has created to help us observe Venus is a blimp-like plane to fly over Venus. This idea of the vehicle is stated in paragraph 5, "Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly gorund conditions by staying up and out of their way." Also later on in this paragraph where it states, "At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels." Now these conditions would most defintely be harsh, but would be capable of living through, escpecially astronauts who are/would be trained for these conditions. This would at least give us an above look of Venus and be able to study some of it's physical features.

The problem that NASA would now have is figuring out a way to study up close and on the surface of Venus. They have a solution for this issue as well in the form of old World War 2 computers, the solution to this problem is explained in paragraph 7 as it says,"Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers..." Also further on in the paragraph it reads," The thought of computers existing in those days may sound shocking, but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. Modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions." And even later in paragraph seven it states, "By comparsion, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat and other forces." These older computers would be able to be dropped down onto the surface of Venus and take samples of the terrain and it's geological features allowing NASA and it's scientists to study the information gather and create better models to study more of Venus and understand the planet.

Another way NASA is thinking to study Venus on it's surface is simple electronics, the ideas and princples of these machines are stated in the beginning of paragraph where it states, "For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." The simplified electronics would be used the same way as the mechancial computers, in which to study the terrain of Venus and collect data from Venus and to send it back to NASA allowing them to study the data.

Venus is a very interesting planet with many disadvantages and conflicts like the difficulty of being able to study the planet's terrain or even to be able to observe the planet in a hover-like state from above. If the challenges that NASA faces can be solved with solutions stated above, then Venus could be a very worhty pursuit, so that we may discover the secrets of one of the closest planets to us. 