All students do is waste their time and i'm tired of it. Students complain that school is like a prison but that is only because they don't realize the fun part of school. I agree with the principal that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Students are too lazy instead of wasting time they should participate in after school activities. For students it could benefit a lot, give kids good memories, and make school more fun.

My first reason is, It could benefit a lot. Doing extracurricular activity can give an idea of what you want to do in the future. Sports is a very popular career choice for students but sports takes skills maybe sports could be your future. If your not very athletic thats ok many people enjoy debate club many politicians debate and if that is your skill maybe that can be your career. These after school activities can even help you learn about yourself. Make sure to participate in something you enjoy or try something you never done before. the best part about learning about yourself is finding your hidden talent in any type of activities.

My next reasoning is, giving kids good memory's. In competitions there is always a reward, and good remember able thing is achieving that reward for your team and school. The highest achievement to accomplish is winning a tournament with your team. Even if you dont win at least you made it to the the finals. The most important part about extracurricular activity is having a fun time. No matter how popular you are you dont know everyone so get to know your teammates and make new friends. From my experience I played basketball and it was a really fun time but i'll never forget when i scored my first point. I promise you things are a lot more memorable when you do something exciting. Everyday you learn something new which can help you get better at what you activity you enjoy to do, and get to know your aquantince.

My last reasoning is, it would make school way more fun. Tell your friends and family what you did today. share with them your achievements, And what made your day. Make coming to more exciting. come to school prepared for after school activities. Now this might seem like too much pressure, but bring your school a trophy!

In conclusion, i strongly agree with the principal decision that all students participate. Our school has a lot of activities that will interest all students. School goes by really fast so at least make the most of your years here. Because students are too lazy instead i believe all students should participate in after school activities. It would be beneficial for students, give students something to remember, and enjoy school more.