Imagine being in a class with a roster of thirty students but you only see the same ten every class for the entire year. There is an ongoing debate over if taking online courses and classes would benefit the students and the schools. Those who disagree with going to school the traditional way, without using technology, state that one can have better time management or take on a full time job, but this is not true. Although some may disagree, attending school the traditional way, and not through a computer screen, is the better option.

One benefit of going to school the traditional way is the increase of one's social skills. A social skill that could be increased would be talking to other people. Being able to see other people everyday would encourage students to talk to each other. One can also make friends and that will strengthen their social interactions. Another skill would be the ability to work with other people. In the real world once one gets a job one usually has to work with some form of coworkers. Working with groups can also cause the smooth and efficient completion of an assignment. Physically being in school can decrease the chance of social anxiety. By constantly being around other people one can get used to people. Being comfortable around other people could be a skill that can stay with people for the rest of their life.

Some more benefits of going to school the traditional way would be the prevention of certain problems from getting worse. One problem for schools would be attendance. If enough students started taking classes online then the physical attendance of schools would drop. Online courses would also make it easier and more tempting to skip. Something that could affect both the students an the schools would be the breaking of the honor code. With everything online it would make it easier to cheat. If more people started to cheat because is is easier then that would create a generation that has no sense of honor. Another problem that could reflect heavily on the students would be their complete dependence on technology. If people completely depend on technology then they will not be able to function without it. Being dependent on technology will also make it harder for those people to get jobs.

Although some may disagree, going to school the traditional way will always be a better option. Those who agree with going to school the traditional way state that it increases social skills, enforces the honor code, and decreases the dependence on the technology. Those who disagree with going to school the traditional way state that one can have more freedom and can deal with personal problems more efficiently, but this is not true. Even though times are changing, sometimes it is better to leave traditional things the way they are for the benefit of everyone.