Driverless cars, once a distant, far-fetched dream, are now close to becoming reality.

In 2016, Tesla is planning to release a car that can drive itself 90 percent of the time.

The kind of high-tech equipment it takes to manufacture a car like this hasn't been around for long.

Google has had a type of driverless car since 2009, but before 2000, none of this was possible.

With this rapid advance in technology comes reasonable concern, but the long list of benefits clearly outweighs the costs.

Because of the added safety features and convenience, driverless cars should be developed for all to use.

Driverless cars may seem like a safety risk to some, but in reality, these cars have been enhanced with top-of-the-line technology and have been tested thoroughly.

Google's driverless car uses many different sensors and cameras located all over the vehicle to replicate the ability of a human driver.

One sensor even allows for the creation of a 3-D model of the car's environment.

Sensors similar to these have been used in cars since the 1980s in antilock brakes.

Tried and tested, all the sensors on driverless cars serve only to protect the driver.

Driverless cars can also prevent distracted driving.

Some companies hope to create entertainment systems for drivers not currently controlling the car.

These systems and displays could be turned off right away when the driver has to take the wheel.

Right now, drivers often use cellphones and other distracting devices without the help of this technology.

As Google's cars have driven over half a million miles without a single crash, the combination of all these features has been proven to enhance car safety.

Driverless cars would also be cost-effective, environmentally friendly, and convenient.

Google cofounder Sergey Brin predicts that these cars could form an entire public transportation system, using only half the fuel of today's taxis.

This would save gas money and reduce greenhouse gases at the same time.

It would also allow for more flexibility than a bus or subway system because each driver would be able to personalize their destination.

The economic and environmental benefits, along with the convenience, show why these cars could serve to enhance society.

Convenience and safety are the two most important aspects of transportation.

Driverless cars have both, along with environmental and economic benefits.

These cars are a part of the future, enhancing the driving experience for all.

Driverless cars will only help the population, not hurt it.       