This technology could cause so many problems. This technology is invading a persons privacy. People also don't want to be asked what's wrong when they are sad and they don't want anyone to knwo because its personal. Also this type of technology can get in the wrong hands and they can use it to take advantage of people. This advanced technology is too much ti handle for us and we dont't need this to be a distraction to people getting an education and getting your work done in the workforce.

First of all the FACS (Facial Action Coding System) is advanced that it would go into people's privacy and could get sued. Everyone tries to hide their emotions because everyone doesn't have t know how they feel sand with this everyone will know. Invasion of privacy is not a good or the right thing to do. Also if someone is going through a really tought time or if they are sad and don't want people to know this technology will let people find out and its personal people would get mad or just won't want to step out of the hosue because ebryone can figure out how they feel. I believe this technology could go into the wrong hands. Someone could get this type of technology and once they figure out how you are feeling they can go and try and comfort you if you let them and they coul hurt you or attack you because you justs howed them a weak side of you. FACS also can be a huge distarction in school or in the workforce. People would worry more about how people are feeling rather than doing their work. Teens wouldn't get an education and employees wouldn't get no work done. Teachers wouldn't be able to teach because students wouldn't be focused on their assignements but more on each other.

All in all, this is not a good idea. FACS can ruin people's live emotionally. Students will be more focused on why another student is upset or angry than doing work and getting an education. Then they will be invading a persons privacy and they will be in their personal life. Also in the workforce no one will get their work done. This technology could get in the wrong hands and just predators cna use this and people won't even know.