Today, the majority of humans own and operate cell phones on a daily basis.

In essay form, explain if drivers should or should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

Cell phones haven't been around a long time but they have become a very big part of our daily lives. Phones have went from something you use to just call people, too your very personal computer, up to date will all the new software to make surfing the internet easier. Now, that sounds wonderful but these thing can also so be a huge distraction to many. Especially when they are being used while operating a motor vehicle.

For one thing, using your cell phone causes many distractions for your eyes, your mind, and your actions. It is easily possible for your eyes tom slip off the road. The Tampa Bay Times claim that it "takes seconds to get your eyes off the road and into a car accident". Therefore, instead of your eyes being locked into your phone, they should be focusing in on your speed, the road, and the traffic. At the same time, your mind can only process so much. According to Goldsborough "the human mind is not capable of texting and driving". Other people have also confirmed that " driving is a one mind chore" meaning that the mind cannot to both at the same time. In addition, your mind need to focus on one thing while driving and that is the road. Thus, concentration is important while driving and breaking that concentration causes a risk for an accident.

Secondly, texting while driving not only endangers yourself but other people on the road as well. Texting while driving can limit your response time to something like a car pulling out in front of you, a child or adult walking in front of you, and other things. Texting someone means that you have to put all of your attention into what you are texting which, so if you are driving and texting at the same time you are bound to miss something that you should have been paying attention too or you can hit something that you should have been paying attention too, like a car, animal or even worse a person. A article called "Texting While Driving" states that texting and driving has become a "prominent social issue, and it's the most hazardous practice that risks accidents to drivers, cyclists and pedestrians". A pedestrian can walk onto the road at anytime but it is up to the driver to pay attention to road and avoid endangering his/her and the pedestrian life.

Finally, the numbers speak for themselves, too many accidents have occurred as a result of people texting and driving. People's lives will always be endangered if people feel like the best time to call their mom or girlfriend is when they are driving. If we can just wait until we arrive at our destination before having to pick up the phone while driving then we can avoid a lot more accidents and more lives will be spared. Remember, think before you pull out your phone to text someone while driving because life is to precious and short enough already.   