On the contrary car crashes due to cell phone use goes up each year. People lose their lives daily by trying to do something that may be so simple to them. Maybe trying to change a song, text someone back, take a picture, etc. People do not realize that anything can happen in the blink of an eye. Just like that loved one of yours could be dead or severely injured. You should never be on the phone by any means while driving.

For this reason, I think you should always be hands-free while driving no matter what.

Think about "Even at 60km/h, your car is travelling at more than 16 metres per second, so in those few moments your eyes were on a screen rather than the road you moved far enough to not see a motorcycle, a pedestrian, or someone braking suddenly in front of you."You being on your phone while driving you put your life potentially at risk and other drivers. Causing us to have accidents that could have been avoided but now is a serious problem because someone may be hurt. A text message or skipping a song is worth more than your life or someones else. Therefore will driving always keep your hands on the wheel and eyes on the road.

In addition, being on the phone while driving causes a two-second distraction. Increasing the chances of you being in a car crash. For instance, "mobile phone use while driving increases your risk of accident by up to 400 per cent, points out that, in 2016 alone, police in NSW charged 39,000 people for doing so (100 drivers a day are busted for it in NSW and VIC)." Just put your phones down and focus on the road. You don't want to be the person who may have killed someone loved one. You never know at the time if it may be more then one person was in the car at the time of the accident and someone may have gotten injured. Now you have to take responsibility in that situation when it all could have been avoided if you have chosen not to use your phone while driving.

Generally speaking, everyone knows right from wrong. Doing anything, in general, that may distract you even in less of a second is just something you shouldn't do. Innocent people have been killed or severely injured due to these kinds of things. Now someone may have just taken their last breath of fresh air, someone may have taken their last steps and is now paralyzed. This has been something that has been a problem for a while and should have been put a stop to it.

In the end, we all make our own decisions but deep down we know which one is right. No one wants to live with that guilt in their mind for the rest of their life knowing they were the reason someone's family or friend passed away. Don't be the reason, be the person who does the right thing and making it safer on the road for people.

Work Cited https://www. carsguide. com. au/car-advice/why-you-really-shouldnt-use-your-mobile-phone-while-driving-33062

2            