The idea of schools allowing their students to take classes from home is is an excellent idea. Not all students learn the same way,or at the same pace as everyone else. Having the opportunity to learn in a way that is most comfortable for you, can really show improvements in grades. Students who are sick and are not able to attend school also have an advantage of doing missing work from home. This will give students no excuse for being behind with school work if their able to do classes from home.

Students that are often sick, or miss a lot of school because of personal reasons would have an advantage with doing their classes from home. If students have the opportunity to do classes from home they dont have to stress about returning to school, and having a lot of class work to make up. Therefore, students will no longer have an excuse for failing classes because of absences if they have the option to do it from home. When i had my surgery last school year it was nearly impossible for me to catch up on all my missing work, the only way i could do my class work was if someone picked it up from school. Unfortunately my parents both work so while i was out of school i had no way to do it from home. It was very difficult to finish all that work after getting back, because i was not given many options of getting the work done. If i was given the option to complete my class work from online this would have really helped me maintain my grades up.

Seniors might be in the position where they need more than the usual amount of classes to graduate by their final year. Having to be in such a difficult position and only being able to attend morning or night school can make it harder to get these classes done on time. This will only make it stressful, and discourage students to get the classes done by the time of graduation. Not only do some seniors have jobs after school but having to attend a full day of school, and either morning or night school can be tiring and overwhelming. Overdoing yourself can also decrease the amount of people that pass their classes because of the reason that they have to much to get done in a matter of one school year,so allowing students to do some classes online will make it easier for more students to graduate.

The idea of online classes might sound difficult for some students because they tend to learn better face to face. Schools can offer virtual teaching lessons for those who have an issue with attending all their classes at school and learn better by someone verbally explaining each concept to them. Not all students have computers at home which is understanding, in order for students to complete online classes from home they will need a computer,schools can offer students a borrowed computer or laptop in order for them to participate in online classes. Schools can Introduce a system where they provide for those who need the help of obtaining a computer and to still be able to do their classes from home. By providing for those who need the computers, students will not be held back from the idea of doing classes from home just because they dont own a computer.

Having the choice of doing classes from home can be very beneficial to students. This gives students the opportunity to complete more classes and actually do them without having the excuse of being absent to school. Given the chance of doing classes from home can increase the passing levels for more classes. The idea of doing classes from home can be helpful for students who need it, and encourage students who need the option of at home classes to actually get these classes done from home. I think all schools should have an option that allows students to do classes from home.        