Dear Principal,

Do you want your students being lazy and non-active? Of course not, u want your students to be well active and fit. Nobody wants their students to be lazy and unhealthy. I bring this up because it has come to my attention that u want to change the schools policy so that students may not be able to play school sports or activities if they do not contain a B average. In my opinion I believe it is not a good idea and may need more thought put into the idea.

My first reason for going against this idea is because most students contain a C average in school. Students don't only want to play sports because its fun, but also because its what they love. Imagine someone takes something you love away from you because you didn't meet their expectations. Well you are doing the same to students. If most students average a C, it ok because they still pass. It might not be the best grade in the world, but its a passing grade.

My second reason for going against this idea is because it will not make students happy. Students like to get comfortable in the policies that their school has. What if your job kept changing your salary, whether it was good or bad. Would it make you happy? Students cant adapt to their school policies if they keep changing. If the schools policies keep changing students will become furious with having to fit in with the policies. If a policy goes against what a student stands fore that students has to change who he or she is and its like starting a new life and most children don't want that.

My last reason for going against this policy is it would not benefit the school. If the scholars in this school had to maintain a B average to play sports, that's like taking half of the school and telling them they cant play any school sports or activities. Imagine the things that people will say about the school. Nobody wants someone else to put a name on them. People will dislike the school for its policies and soon the town will have its own name, in a bad way. Taking half of this school and telling them they cannot play sports is like cutting a employees salary in half because of his race.

As you can see i am a hundred percent against this idea for changing the schools policy on sports and activities.

Imagine you are a student in this school what would you want. As the principal don't you want the best for our school and for the students? If so please consider not applying this policy to the school. Its good for the school and will keep the youths in our school happy.      