Online classes or classes taken from home is an amazing privilege to have. Nowadays many college and even high school students have the opportunity to not go to school and take a class, but just stay in their house and just open up a computer and take the class online from the comfort of their own home. Online classes are very beneficial to students. Having online classes as an option students will be able to focus more, students will be able to go at their own pace to learn the material, and students are now sitting in an environment that makes them comfortable to sit in so they will be able to succeed more.

Online classes will cause students to fail. When given the option of online classes some students may take this as an opportunity to slack off and not get any work done. They might just say oh I still have a lot of time left and just procrastinate doing the work. And then the night before everything is due they might just rush on everything and not put much effort in it and get bad grades on the work. Resulting in them failing the class.

Having the option of online classes will allow students to focus more on whatever topic they are learning. When sitting in classrooms with other kids, people have the tendency to get distracted very easily. There are tons of classroom distractions in schools such as: The classroom door wide open, you would have the urge to look there every minute to see what is going on outside your class, same with if there is a window in the classroom. Another distraction is other students in the classroom. Some people have different ways in focusing, a kid might constantly click their pen to keep focus, while that kid thinks that that helps them focus other kids might think of that as distracting and annoying. Having all of these distractions in a classroom may cause you to not succeed in the class ending it in you failing the course and having to retake it.

Everyone learns a their own pace. Some kids are quick learners and learn a lot very fast, while others are really slow and take some time to learn. This ends in many teachers moving on with the curriculum if the majority of the class has learned. This is not the best thing to do. Some kids are just calm learners, meaning they are slow learners but if they need help with something they are not really the ones who speak up and tell someone, they just dwell on the topic for a while till they eventually teach themselves the topic. That is a terrible way for someone to learn. School is for kids to learn from teachers, students should not have to teach themselves what they are suppose to be learning from a teacher. So when kids have the option of taking an online class they now can learn all the material at their own pace and they have access to all the study sources that are available to them. Having this opportunity will allow student's grades to be high and they will have a smaller chance at failing.

The work environment a student is presented with matters a lot. Meaning the resources and atmosphere they are in reflects on their test scores and quizzes as well. Sitting in a work environment where there is no access to basic resources will effect greatly on students. Sitting somewhere where students can not sit comfortably will not show pleasant grades. Sitting somewhere uncomfortable will not help with focusing on what is being taught, because your mind will only think about how uncomfortable you really are and then results in you missing what was taught and then ending in you getting a bad grade on the test/quiz. Even when sitting in a cold room. If you are sitting in a cold room all you will think about is how cold you are and how you wish you were someplace warm so you would not freezing your legs off. The environment you are in when learning matters because if the atmosphere presented is terrible then the test and quiz scores will show the same.

Online classes will be a very beneficial option to students. With online classes as an option students will be able to focus more, students will be able to go at their own pace to learn the material, and students will now be sitting in an environment that makes them comfortable to sit in so they will be able to succeed more. Online classes will be the reason why more and more students pass their classes which will get them to go to college and or get them a degree in whatever major they go into. Online classes will makes passing rates for schools to soar high.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 