Have you ever been in a situation and not known what to do? If so, did you ask a friend or family member what they would do if they were you? How many people did you ask? Sometimes when you are unsure of what you should do, asking someone for advice is alway a good idea, but asking multiple people is smarter and safer. Seeking opinions from others is more beneficial because hearing the situation from another perspective is important, certain people may have more experience then others on the topic, and all people can be different levels of responsible and mature.

Getting someone to tell you the story from their perspective can help narrow down your choices of what you do. Certain people may view it from the victims perspective, others from just being a witness, and some even from the bad guys eyes. You may think you're about to do something very bad or good, but hearing it from another perspective can help. It can completely reset how you view it and make you rethink your next move in the situation.

Another thing to look for when asking people for their opinions is if they're experienced. If you ask one person with absolutely no experience, the outcome could be awful. That only means seek for adivce from people with all different levels of experience. Certain people may have been in the situation before and can help by guiding you through their footsteps. Other that have had a friend or family member in the scenario can help compare how their peer handled it to how you are considering handling it. Even if you decide that people with 100% experience are more effective, people that are new to the event can also help. They can help try to imagine the possible outcomes of each action. When asking for advice, make sure to get multiple peoples opnions with different levels of experience to help lead you through the situation.

Also when searching for advice find people that don't all look at things the same and have different mindsets. If you ask one person or the same type of people, you will get the same types of feedback constantly. But the goal is to get ask different peoples views so you can have options of what to do. Ask a group of people that are more on the mature side first. This can give you inspiration on a good path to take. But also ask a group of people that are more lean and don't tend to think of the outcome of things. This can help by you personally imagining what it would be like if their idea were to happen and what would be going through your head if you watched it happen. With this method can help you get an idea of what to do and what not to do.

Asking for advice is always smart, but make sure when you do you get multiple peoples opnions. Get a variety of different people as well. Try to ask people that are in a different perspective then you are, have different levels of experience, and get people that view things differenlty then you do. Next time you are in need for advice, how many people will you ask?