Dear state senator,

It is the utmost respect that I ask for the method for presidental election be changed from the electoral college to something more suitable for the opinion of the people. The electoral college is an unfair system to the people, it can allow for individuals to decide what to do with the votes, not by the people of the United States of America.

Revising the electoral college system may seem like a bad idea but the good that could come of it overlies the bad. If the election of a president was based directly by the voters , then candidates could promise money to the people who vote for him/her. There could also be other propblems with direct democracy such as what would happen in the chance of a tie? Who would break the tie? And how would it be decided fairly. The electoral college shouldn't be removed, but should definitely be revised.

The electoral college permits the power of the electoral votes to go to whoever the choose. The electoral college is unfair to voters due to the winner-take-all system, whichh causes candidates to focus only on states the are "swing" states. In the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see candidates at all. The electoral college is an out-of-date system and either needs to be replaced or revised.

When running for president, the candidate has a group of electors. With each candidate habving their own group of electors, it provides without having to visit each state to nget their vote. The only thing the president is required to do is to wait. In reality, the preisdent doesn't even need to campaign, since the electors in the college votes are what matter. So, the candidate could just bribe the electors for certain states and he/she has that states' vote.

The voters do not vote for the candidates, but vote for the slate of electors. The electors are picked at state conventions, the state party's central comittee and sometime the presidential candidates themselves. The biggest issue with the electoral college is the disaster factor. The diaster factor are the potental problems with the system, such as back in 1960 when segregationists in louisiana legisllayture nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors who opposed John F. Kennedy.

The electoral college is an outdated way of elections. The electoral college puts the power into indivduals' hands not the people. It was created back before the eduaction was nothing close to what it is now. Therefore, the method of voting on representitives who then vote for the presdient is obsolete.            