Would you want your vote for the U.S. president to count? More than likley  everyone said yes, if so then why would we keep the electoral collage as it is right now?  Did you know that when you vote for the U.S. president it goes directly to the electoral collage and your actually voting for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. according too, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong" from Mother Jines by Bradford Plumper.

Other things being rqual a larger state will get more votes than a smaller state. in Florid in 2012 when obama won the electoral election by only 3 votes also a victory in Wyoming in the same margin. Also all larger statees get more attention from the presidential candates. If we keep this going how it is eventualy are vote arent going to even count it will all be up to the electoral college. When casting your vote your vote you should know that it may not count because the elecoral college is supossed to count and seperate the votes and vote for a specific one but tecnically anybody from the electoral college can cast their vote for anyone they choose.

If you were to look at wyoming and Californias votes California would have an unbelivably amout more votes casted than wyoming would. Thats simply because acalifornia is a much bigger state and can easily get 35 million voters while Wyoming can only gwt 500,000 voters which lowers Wyomings chance of  getting the president they would like too have. anf to equal theese out thee electoral college would have a group of people that would vote for a specific person but here this becomes an issue is when the electoral  college vote for whom they want to vote for instead of eho they are told to choose for and it makes the voting unequal.

Keeping the voting system hoe it is right now is a verry bad idea and something needs to be done about it. It is not fir for bigger states to hhave a higher advantage of getting the president of their choice, and the smaller states have  a less of a chance of getting who they may want. Do you want you vote for the U.S. president to count? i know i sure would.                                         