Should students really be making the summer projects? Students making the summer projects would help the students focus more on the project, help make the project less stressful, and could figure out a way to involve their family.

If a student designes a project they are going to make sure it interests them. They aren't going to make it something they dont want to do. Some might say the students aren't going to know what information to learn and use in the project. If teachers work with students they can figure out a way to make sure that they students learn all the information they need to. Teachers can even give them a rubric with all the information the students need to use.

When you are doing something that you enjoy you stress about it less. Especially when you're on summer vacation doing a summer project is the last thing that you want to be doing. Kids would much rather hang out with friends or play video games. If students are designing the projects they will design something that is less time consuming or more easy to manage . While some agree with this others are concered that students would make the project too easy. Teachers at the end of the day are assigning the project, they can put guidelines and expectations on top of the students project design.

During summer vacation lots of students will travel and go places with family. Students can figure out a way to involve family members making the project easier to do on the road. Having a parent help out on a project helps out and helps kids stress less. While doing a project with family members might distract students from learning some say doing a project with parents might help kids focus as well. No kid wants to mess around during a project with their parents.

In conclusion, there are many benefits to allowing the students to design their own project. If students were to be allowed to design their own summer projects it would help students focus more on the project, it wouldn't be a super stressful project and students could involve their family. 