In 'The challenge of Exploring Venus', the author uses loaded diction to show their support on venturing to Venus. It is explained by the author the many challenges that are faced when attempting to embark on the journey of space travel to Venus, but also how it is ultimately going to happen because of human drive and need to expand the horizons.

The author's use of loaded diction helps get across the idea that we should make the journey to Venus. In paragraph 2, the author writes, "Numerous factors contribute to Venus' reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us." The use of the word "challenging" in this sentence is an extra reminder to the reader that traveling to Venus is not just something we may do, or something we should do. To the author it is a challenge for us as humans. Many less provoking and simple words could have completed this sentence adequetly. Maybe a hard plant, or a rough planet, or even a difficult planet for humans to study. However, the author uses this sentence to remind readers early in the article that we as humans must be up for the challenge of venturing to Venus.

The author at times proposes some risks and hardships that are bound to be faced on the journey to Venus. This outline of the challenges of the adventure help the author provide a refutal before any readers can even challenge thier argument. In paragraph 3, the author states that, "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus' atmosphere. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." Although it seems as if they're changing their own mind, they complete the refutal in paragraph 4 by saying, "... recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a curcial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. The value of returning to Venus seems indisputable..." Here the author reminds readers that through all of these hardships and challenges that would need to be faced, if we cannot go through with this endevour and fulfill successful travel to Venus, how are we to do anything more and continue to innovate as humans have done for many many years?

The author goes on to provide legitament solutions to some of the challenges that would be faced on a journey to Venus. In paragraph 5 the author writes, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape." This proposal of a hovering island above the planet finally brings in legitament options that can solve the problems we are having traveling to Venus. With each new idea we can become closer so succeeding in our travels to Venus and learning more about the planet and its history.

In paragraph 6, the author refutes another counter to NASA's floating island idea, "However, peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or govering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions becuase most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere... scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks." The author goes on to provide another thought of researchers. Many of these researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus. Maube our machines can get to the point to return from the harsh conditions in Venus with photographs and terrain samples. Only time will tell.

The author provides another possible solution to the hardships on Venus' surface in paragraph 7 by writing about another NASA study, "... these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. Modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions." The proposal of using older, more durable technology gives a real legitimacy to getting a drone on the surface of Venus and back to the scientists to study any data that could be obtained by such drones. The author's explanation of modern computers brings more diction into his pursuasion techniques. With the strong description of modern computers as "...enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate..." we can easily see the author's strong affection towards traveling to Venus, becuase of how in depth he gets into the logistics of making the travels a reality.

The author clearly has many hopes for our travels to Venus and is optamistic when it comes to furthuring our knowledge on our neighbor planet. Their strong use of loaded diction indulges the reader into the writing and helps them process both sides of the ideology and lean towards that of the author, as this is the author's intended purpose because there must be support for the travels to Venus or they are likely to never happen in our lifetime.   