Texting while Driving

Texting while driving can be a distraction from the road just by looking away for two seconds .

Driving is in need of all the attention on the road.

Just one mistake can cause a fatal crash on both parties. Drivers should not text and drive.

You will be tempted to want to pick up your phone especially if you're a new driver such as teenagers. For Example , " There are reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes a year." says the The National Safety Council. Another Example , " Texting While driving causes 400 percent time of your eyes off the road. " (Edger Snyder and Associates ) . Each year more that 1 million people die over texting and driving but the support of those who ban the right to text and drive is in the 94 percentile.

Teenage driving can be critical even for the parents. As teens are excited to have freedom to drive wherever they want they tend to be distracted just by looking at directions to a map.

For example, "Teen drivers are 4x more likely than adults to get into car crashes or near-crashes when talking or texting on a cell phone." ( Edger Snyder and Associates)

meaning the inexperienced drivers tend to feel like they can multitask better than adults but turns out not to be true . In 2017 " 15, 341 drivers aged 15 -19

were involved in fatal accidents due to distractions off the road"

says cellphone and driving statistics .

"Nearly 48% of drivers admit to using their phones while driving ."

says a National survey on distracted driving attitudes and behaviors report in 2012.

Meaning drivers know how at risk their life including others are against and still continue to do so. "In 2018 48 states banned texting and driving," says Issac and Issac after the excessive rate of fatal deaths in the previous year .

In Conclusion ,

Texting and Driving can never be a good thing no matter what the emergency might look on screen.

Your life is not worth losing over and small text that could've waited.

Each year the numbers rise of accidental deaths caused by distraction of the driver.      