Technology is a part of the world today, and it is causing it is grow profoundly. Most people use it everyday, and it is a great tool to use making science, medical, and other occupations develop greatly. Cars are still improving with sensors, windshield wipers, and steering. Once more technology is perfected to cars, then something great can be created, driverless cars. These are dreamt about, the thought of them being furturistic is false. They are coming sooner than most know, and they will be a great invention. With lots of hard work driverless cars will help people in their everyday life, and prevent human error.

Having autonomous cars will make soicety a better functioning place. Once perfected, and these cars do not need any help of humans, this will greatly help everyone. So much time is wasted behind the wheel, people drive hours everyday.

If that time behind the wheel could be used to do something productive, then humans would be more efficent. Drivers might not be getting enough sleep due to the amount of work they have to do. If they have a long commute to work or school they can finish their work in the car. Humans would not have as much rage and would be less stressed. So, once humanless cars are perfected the life of the average human would become easier.

Human error behind the wheel is a major cause of death. People might not be thinking always and run a red light. Hit another car, and someone could die or sersiously be injured. A major problem today is driving under the influcence of alcohol or drugs. People can not always control their actions when impacted by these substances. This could harm themselves or others around them. With humanless cars these problems would disappear, if we have technonlogy taking control. Running red lights, or not using a turn signal, would no longer happen. People on the roads would be safer and less likely to die or be harmed.

With the work of many, and putting more trust into technonlogy humanless cars can help people or even prevent errors. According to the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" there are cars that can steer and drive by themselves but they just need to be perfected. Car companies like Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan they plan to have autonomous cars by 2020. Once our soiciety can put trust into technology, these wonderful cars will become a great help. Driverless cars will save people time or maybe even their life. 