Several schools offer distant learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by online or video conferencing. Many people may believe that this strategy is beneficial to modern day society, but the idea comes with many flaws. With this being said, students would not benefit from being able to take online classes at home, proving that students would miss out on valuable social and educational experiences.

Students would not benefit from beig able to take online classes at home because their social skills would not develop properly. Being in an educational environmnet allows students to interact with one and other on the daily. With out this advantage, students would not be able to collabrate and make connections to others work and assignments. This, believe it or not, plays a huge role in how students in todays generation learn and grow as individuals. If a student is trapped behind a screen every day without socializing with others, the student will eventually become very shy and unable to socialize with not only students, but adults as well. As young adults grow, a major part of maturing is developing a character, and being able to hold a conversation. Therefore, online classes at home would not be beneficial due to the lack of social oppertunities and collabration among other students.

Not only would students social skills not develop properly, students would not benefit from being able to take online classes at home because they would miss out school experiences. One of the best parts of attending school is the "school spirit" events that come along with it. Some of the most memorable times of a students life takes place in school. For example, two major events that occur during this time are prom and homecoming. Prom and homecoming are both two once in a life time events that take place during gradeschool. These events allow students and fellow classmates to come together to socialize, dance, and dress up in their nicest attire. Also, many schools have spirit weeks and pep rallys during this time. These too, are events taken place at school where students are able to show off their spirit for their school while dressing up in overwhelming outfits corresponding with that days theme. Another opportunity that students are able to experience are highschool sports. Whether students are playing in the games themselves or watching from the sidelines in the student section, students are able to develope life long memories by socializing with friends, dressing up to the football theme, and cheering on their school. With this said, oline classes at home are not nearly as beneficial as attending school due to the fact that students are able to experience life long memories while attending school.

To add on to missing out on experiences, students would not benefit from being able to take classes online at home because it is easier for students to slack off on their work and not pay attention. When students attend school, they are taught by an adult who is always keeping the student on track and focused on their work. While being at home, it is way easier for students to zone off and slack off on their work. A lot of the time, students will put off work since their is no teacher assigning them harsh deadlines. It takes a huge responsibility that many students at this age have not yet developed. This issue alone can affect a students education tremendously. This meaning, online classes at home are not nearly as beneficial due to the huge responsibilty it holds for a students education.

Many people believe that online school gives students more time for other outside of school activities. While this claim may be accurate in some cases, the majority of students that take online classes at home actually end up using their extra time very poorly. Students, again, tend to zone off fairly quickly with out structured direction. Also, with this extra time students are given, they tend to use it to their own advantage rather then their educational advantage. In other words, students that know that they can finsih their online class on a seperate day at home may get in a bad habbit of putting of work. This can later cause their education to plummit tremendously. Therefore, online classes at home are not nearly as beneficial due to the fact that students could take advantage of the extra time they are given.

The idea of granting students with the oportunity to take classes online at home is very poor and weak. This idea of distant learning will only harm students education in the near future. Students who end up taking online classes at home will eventually miss out on developing their social skills and damage their ability to take on responsibilites. Students will also miss out on once in a life time memories that are taken place in school. With all this said, students would not benefit from being able to take classes online.