Venus is the closest planet to Earth. We should study more about Venus. Venus being the second planet close to the sun have more posibilities to have life there. If something happens to Earth we can go to Venus because is the closest planet,other than Mars. NASA must go to Venus to test if humans can live there and if there is a good place to live.

First , Venus is the closest planet to Earth int terms of density and size,and occasionally the closest in distance too. Probaby there is life in Venus because is close to Earth,for being close to the Earth it could share Oxygen, in some places of Venus. A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. "Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit".

Second,if something happens to Earth we could go to Venus. Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various form of life,just like Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar such as valleys,mountains, and craters."On planet's surface,temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our owm planet".

Finally,NASA must go to Venus to test if humans can live there,or if there is a good place to live. No spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades."Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any palnet in our solar system,even though Mercury is closer to our sun". Venus having the hottest temperature may cause diseas in humans, but if NASA proves that these can cause diseas ,they will find a cure or they will do something ,to help humans,and to create a new place to live.

In conclusion ,we should study more about Venus,maybe we can find new places there to live. Or we can get to know all the similar things that we have on our own planet. We can discovere things that we haven't seen. There is many things that we have to know that are around us. We have to learn more about ,living in other planet besides Earth. Venus can also be the second planet whre humans can live.                                    