Phones play a key role in people keeping in touch with one another and accomplishing daily goals and reminders at hand. Driving is a complex task that requires your full and undivided attention, which is a reason why phone use while driving is illegal. In reality, you can make an exception to certain situations when it comes to phone use while driving. These exceptions include emergencies whether it be family or work related, and life of death situations. GPS so people can efficiently and effectively get to and from unfamiliar destinations. Also, some people use their phones as agendas and set daily reminders and goals to accomplish on the daily.

Therefore, people should be able to use their phones while driving.

Cellular devices can be used for many things in a vehicle such as emergency calls. These calls may be work related if you have a on call job. For example, being an on call doctor you would need your phone no matter the circumstances if the hospital needs you. There are other emergencies like if your child was calling because he/she were to be stranded somewhere. Phones may be needed for all types of emergencies.

While driving vehicles, many use their cell phones for gps. Gps is used for getting to unknown locations. Not only is it used to get to unknown places, many also use it to get from unknown places. Gps can help in so many ways. It helps when you're lost and need to find your way around.

Cell phones can also be used for daily reminders to get you through the day. When driving these reminders can tell you if you have to be at a place at a certain time. For example, these reminders can remind you if you are losing track of time and have to pick your child up from school. They can also help if you have errands you need to run and forget what you have to do. These reminders and agenda helps you accomplish goals on a daily.

In conclusion, we use our phones in many ways while operating a vehicle. We use these cellular devices if there is an emergency. Cell phones can get you to and from unknown places. Additionally, they can also remind you about things throughout the day. Therefore, cell phones should be used while operating a vehicle.                                 