Since World War II, driving has been the center of everyone's mind. Do you really think driving is a necessity? Many people will say yes, but most will argue no. Limiting car usuage will be great for us citizens and our very own planet Earth.

To start off, driving causes you a stressful day, but not driving will save you time and money. Gas prices are more than $2 a gallon. One car takes more or less 10 gallons. Filling your tank up will cost you around $60 or more. In my eyes, it's cheaper to take public transportation than to drive. While taking the bus or the train , all you really have to do is wait , pay to get in, find your stop, if your destination is a little farther, there can be another bus and you'll be at your stop. On the other hand, Driving, your worrying more. Your worried about if you have gas, is there a traffic jam, why is this driver driving so slow. You're getting fustrated rather than taking the public transportaion. In Colombia there is this program where you dont drive for a day. "In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams"(Source 3). Not only did it cause a less stressful day, it allowed them to get some exercise.

Furthermore, I have a question. How many people like smoggy days? No one. Reason I asked this specific question is mainly because if you enjoy driving, you must enjoy the smog. "After days of near-record polution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city"(Source 2). Although Paris has more smog than other European capitals, it isnt good for our very own health, but it isnt good for our planet either. When Paris did this "No Driving" campigan, "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after 5 days of intensifying smog"(Source 2).

On the other hand, driving isn't really important as it used to be. We have all these technological advances, that honestly make driving not necessary. We all have a cell phone, we can all video chat. Some work together, some go to school together. We all can car-pool. There was this quote that I read, and after doing some thinking, it made me realize that driving isn't really important as it seemed to be. "How much you drive is as important as whether you have an hybrid"(Source 1). Hybrids save alot of wrong doings that we already do to this Earth. Along with eletronic cars. Driving a hybrid, yes it's saving the world but your still causing traffic, and wasting money. Some people have already quit driving. "With all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit." (Source 4). America has went so far into the stopping of driving that on highways there's more tolls. Tolls that we can't pay to another person, tolls where they take a picture of your license, find out you information, and send you the amount you owe through the mail. Each toll is different some can be 75 cents or a $1.50. From your home to the mall, depending where you live, you'll pass by more a less 5 tolls. In total thats around I'll say $3.75 or $7.50. Public transportation saves you more money. Mall's have buses where it picks you up from a specfic location to the mall and back. That's saving you time and your money.

In conclusion, limiting car usuage can be an advantage to both young, old and even to our very own planet Earth. It can help our economy, save our pollution rate, but also help us lose the weight. Now its your turn, Are you willing to make the change ?    