Have you ever been in a situation where you feel as if you have no guidance and don't know what to do? Including myself and probably you too, 55% of people say they've been in a situation where they felt helpless and alone with no guidance. As you're reading this, I'm probably still in the situation related to this prompt, but I've taken my time to consult in other people. The reasons you should do such are because everyone has a different viewpoint and it can become easier to resolve the situation.

The number one reason, in my opinion, that you should consult in other people for advice is because everyone that you ask has a different perspective. This is a pretty straight forward fact, when you ask someone for advice, you ask because sometimes you can't rely on your own opinion, and need to see what other people think about a certain situation you're in. For example, right now I'm in a hard place because I've done something to my friend that upset her. I had decided to tell someone something I told her I wouldn't tell anyone, so I broke her trust. Because I couldn't think for myself and myself only, I asked my friends what they thought. Some of my closest friends thought that I was in the right, while other people that I wasn't as close but still friends with thought that I was in the wrong, or that we were both in the wrong. That's why you ask for other people's opinions, it opens your mind to possibilities or outcomes you probably never thought of.

Another reason you should ask for advice is because with other people's help, it can become easier to resolve the situation. In my opinion, this is because the more people you tell about it, the quicker it's going to get back to the other person involved. So because of this, people may start talking to the other person and help you resolve the problem. It also helps way better because in some problems (like mine), you just end up ignoring the other person until one of you gives up and says sorry. That's not what problem solving is, because you never end up actually talking about what happened, do you? You just end up saying sorry and moving on with your lives as if it never happened. To me, I believe in talking before saying sorry, which is why if other people get involved, it becomes easier to open up to each other about what went wrong.

Sometimes, people that care too much about you to let you know that you may have been in the wrong give you the advice that you want to hear instead of their take on it. However, not everyone will do this, and if you ask the people you know will give you the realest answer, you'll find a solution. In the end, not everyone is going to tell you what you wanna hear. That's the reason you should ask for advice, because you don't have to rely on your own opinion.

Whenever you're in a situation where you don't know what to do, the best thing to do is to ask others on what they think. This is because it helps you resolve the situation easier and because everyone has their own opinion. Therefore, I encourage you to consult in other people for help!