The further development of driverless cars should be pursued in their respective manner. It should be taken in to consideration that technology will be upgraded and evolve to better suit and cater to human needs as people progress throughout time.

A lot of people will not have the oppurtunity to have their driver's license, and some will not be allowed to retain one. In the even that one does have their license, they may not have access to their own car if they live in a large, populated city. That leaves them to hail a taxi, catch the bus, or the train/subway. Not all of these are reliable sources of transportation. Taxi or alternative transportation drivers will run late, get lost, or unfortunately, get in an accident. A subway or a bus could also be running late, or be involved in an accident. A smart, self-driving care could cut down on navigational problems as well as time managment.

Though a driverless car is still in its infancy, many developments and advances have made the concept worthy of further thought, investment and speculation. While the car would still need a human driver to be alert and take the wheel in a sophisticated or compromising situation the car does not yet know how to deal with, the car remains as a safe and advanced way of articulate and advanced driving. This would also help developments in how to make a car drive effeciently in the even of a car accident, or roadwork is being performed.

In the financial state, smart cars would be a much less expensive than a smarter road, which would be equipped with magnets or another energy source that would send signals to the car. Of course, those roads would have to be upgraded, that upgrade would come out of taxpayers pockets and the government as well.

The one thing holding back tests and further advancements for this futurisic riding service would be the law. While it is still assumed in most states in America, that the only safe kind of car is the car with a driver, it should be considered that humans still must trust themselves behind the wheel instead of the driver beside, behind, or in front of them, since not everyone's judgement is on the same wave-length as the others.

In fact, there is already a car out on the market that has a safety feature that allows the car to stop itself if there is a hint of danger, in the even that the driver's reflexes are not fast enough, or just simply cannot stop the car. The possibility of a safe, self-driving car is not a far leap as it may seem. After all, America has put man on the moon, and is working to do the same thing with Mars, already having two rovers on the red planet. There are satellites and spacecrafts that leave our solar system without the help of the human hand. The Hubble Space Telescope sends pictures to its headquarters on its own accord.

If all of those achievments can be done, why not a driverless car? it was thought impossible to send a human in space, much less on our moon, but that has been said and done, time and time again. The only thing keeping this project of more efficient cars and driving tethered to a chain is doubt and second thought. The concept and development of a driverless car should be purusued and achieved, so tehcnology can continue to advance as it should. Of course, the car would improve over time, as do all things, given the chance. So, let the car have a chance at showcasing its potential.