Do you think an extracurricular activity is good for the students. Well their are many activities to do like playing sports, run for class president, or join the debate team. Cause I agree that participating in a extracurricular activity is good for all students.

Also all of your activities reflect on your classwork, grades, and attendance in school. So for instance if you go to school sit in class playing no work is getting done, then you get suspended the sports coach is putting you on the bench no matter how good you are at playing. You can score fourteen to thirty touchdowns or goals, and still going to be on the bench the whole entire game. Then of course we have discipline in this too. Discipline is the number one thing in life you need to succeed. Because if you don't have respect or discipline for your teachers and talking back, then what you think you're going too do with the people who's trying to teach the activity or sport to you. Also some jobs ask what activity where you in through middle to high school.

Then we come to the principal or my reason why extracurricular activities are good for you, Because the trouble that kids can get into when they get out of school. Like all activities activities are not just sports, and in school all day. Their are some activities where you can talk to people about your problems, and what you are experiencing at home. Cause some of them been where you've been, or at where you feel like nobody care or listen's to you. So they can help you,and give advice on how to handle it the right way, no doing something that can hurt, harm, or get you locked up. Also they go on trips, and get to know you.

So all of these activities are to help the students, and give the teachers a better understanding of what the students like to do so that everyone can have fun, and have a bond with each other. Then when you get older you can go back to the same people and say, " Hey I'm applying for a job, and I need your signature". And just for you being the best kid all of those years ago they will sign and you have a job that easy.

In conclusion, yes I agree of what the principal is trying to do cause it's to help the students for a better life, and help the teachers to understand the students better.            