The United States is a government that is ruled by the people through elected representatives, but do the citizens really have power? The Electoral College proccess does not give the citizens all of the power that they shoud be entitled to. "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." (p10) If a United States citizen wanted to vote for a certain candidate, they would vote for electors pledged to that candidate instead of directly voting for them. As a government who is "run by the people", the government surely has strict power over things that should be left up to the people to decide. The eloctoral college is unfair and quite confusing to the citizen of the United States. For example, one candidate beats another by a long shot with popular vote but the other candidate wins by electoral votes, the people still have not chosen the representative. The popular vote would bring honesty to the claim that we have a government who is run by the people.

A change to the election of the president by popular vote  might, in fact, cause some differences and tension across the United States but would cause more relief than it would tension. The people are tired of this out dated process and demand power. Many citizens no longer vote because they think their vote does not count, that it is all up to congress and electors in the end. If the way of popular vote were to be set in place, many people would begin to vote again and would be fullfiling their civic duty. More and more people are begining to have negative feelings towards the government and many feel like their opinions do not matter and that nothing is going to change, that it only gets worse. If enough people come togeher, we can change this old and unfair way of voting and everyone's opinions could make a difference in our nation.

"Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a politican prefrence..." (p23) The electoral College is not a democratic way of voting because you are not voting for a president, you are voting for elctors who in turrn, will vote for the president they want despite the people's vote. The trust that the electors will vote for the party's nominee is rarely betrayed but is still a possibility. The winner-take-all system is in each state and candidates only focus on the "swing states". For example, in the 2000 campaign, seventeen states did not see candidates. Voters in 25 media markets did not see campaign ads. Popular voting will erase the unfair quality of our presidential elections and bring democratic ways back to the USA.

In conclusion, "The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational." (p14) The process in which a president is elected by popular votes is much more feesable and democratic. Many more citizens will be  more likely to vote under this process thus partionally bringing the nation closer to where it should be in the modern term of democracy.                                 