Some school offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I strongly believe that this will benefit students if they attend classes from home. Some people think students will not benefit from being able to attend classes from home. However I strongly believe this will benefit students if they attend classes from home. There are several reasons for that: first, students can save their time by attending classes from home.

Second,some students learn better by seeing and by working alone.

Third,students can have more time with their parents.

First, students can save their time by attending classes from home. They don't have to wake up early in the morning to get the bus, to shower, and etc. By saving time they can sleep more; if they sleep more they will pay attention to what they are doing. There is so many students those fail their classes just because they don't pay attention in the class. For example if teachers ask them why they are not paying attention most them answer "i didn't have enough sleep." So Students can save their time by attending their classes from home.

Second, some students learn better by seeing and by working alone. They pay more attention to their work when they are alone. If they pay more attention to their work; they will pass with good grades. Some Students graduate early from high schools just because they pay more attention to their work. Some students learn better by seeing and by working alone.

Third,students can have more time with their parents. Some parents don't want leave their kids alone; they always text their kids while their kids are in the school. For example some parents think school is not safe for their kids; they always worry about them. So students can have more time with their parents.

In conclusion, I strongly believe that this will benefit students if they attend classes from home. Some people think students will not benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Students can save their time by attending school from home. They can spend for time with their parents. I strongly believe that this will benefit students if they attend classes from home.