Many schools have clubs after school. From chess to drama everything can be made into a club. Many people in schools across the world partake in clubs. Some people might find a talent or new hobby and some do clubs because there parents forced them too. This is why clubs are enjoyable. There are a plethora of people that all are in the same place for different reasons. This is a reason for why I agree with having extracurricular activities as a mandatory requirement for schools.

Clubs in schools come in a wide variety leaving one for most people and there is plenty of room for more clubs. This is one of the great advantages to having clubs. With this system no one is left out. This comes with one more benefit, friendship. In my school there is the opportunity to be in a musical. The full experience, live orchestra, actors, and a crew, and for the past two years I have partaken in being in crew. It is an amazing, but the best part is that I have many friends that do it with me and from crew I have developed new friends. This amazing feat of bringing people with common interests is all possible because of one club.

One aspects of clubs that is good for everyone to have is the benefit of having a space to relax. A place to relieve all the stress from school and your home. Clubs are spaces were an individual can usually talk about your problems with a group of trustworthy people. This is a way to avoid mental health disorders like depression. With places like this problem are usually resolved before the become serious.

To top off the package clubs can be a fun and enjoyable way to find ones passion and skills that they wouldn't have unlocked otherwise. Or if one is in a club for a skill one they already have found polishing that skill would be a beneficial way for them to further there experience on a specific skill. Clubs for sports are do this the best. The club is for people who can play the game but want to sharpen there skills. This is why many sports teams go to tournaments while many newspaper club members just find out that they like research and writing.

Clubs around the nation are helping many students find talents, friends, and sharpen there skills. So why doesn't everyone give them a try.