I agree with the development of driverless cars. Driverless cars are going to benefit a lot of people. Driverless cars can be safe. Every year there is an upgrade in everything, also there is always new developed technology.

Driverless cars can benefit a lot of people in many ways. The people who can't drive can benefit with these cars. The "driver" can just sit and observe where the car takes them. Of course the driver can take over a situation of an accident or work zones, the car will always need some human skills, as it's states on the article. Even though these people aren't so familiar in driving they can still do it in these small situations. How? Because the car is going to have a lot of new technology, the car can explain what to do during those situations.

Driverless cars can be safe. They can be safe because its going to have a lot of technology that can warn you when you and the vehicle is in danger. The car is going to be equiped by vibrating seats when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. The car will also have flashing lights on the windshield and other heads-up displays. The article also states that the car is also going to have cameras watching the drivers and making sure they are focused on the road. This driverless car can be safe in many ways with the stuff equiped that helps prevents any danger.

There is always an upgrade, new technology, and new inventions every year or more. You don't think everything right now is going to stay the same? Obviously not. These past 16 years i've observed the drastic changes in everything. I can see the future cars coming, driverless cars is one of them! The article also states that we only thought these cool stuff can only be in fascinating movies, it can also be in real life. These future things are going to change the world completely.

These are my reasons why I agree with driverless cars being developed. Driverless cars are going to benefit people, the driverless cars can be safe in many ways, and also every year or more there is new developed technology or an upgrade. Things right now are not going to stay the same. New things are always made. We might not see it but our next generations will.                