Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Nowadays schools are starting to use technology more and are letting students take more online classes. Some people believe that students would not be able to attend classes from home because they would have no one one time with a teacher and they would not be able to make up work if they miss anything. Although some believe that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home, it should be known that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

Students can have academic benefits if they take online classes. Firstly, students would learn time management. for example, if an assignment is due at midnight they would have to make sure it gets done. This could help them keep steady grades because the assignments would be turned in on time. Secondly, students would learn responsibility. For example, if they had work due in two days they would make sure it gets done within the two days because they know that they are responsible for doing the work and turning it in. Students would do the work because they know that they are responsible for their grades and the work that is due. Finally, it could potentially make them harder workers. For example, if a student is doing an online course and they get stuck on something they would not be able to get the immediate help from a teacher like they would if they were in a regular classroom setting, they would have to work harder and think more because they have less help. This shows why students would work harder and by them doing that they could have good grades.

Students could also have health benefits from attending classes from home. Firstly, students would be less stressed. For example. if they were in a regular classroom setting and they had work due by the end of that class period they would be in a rush and start to stress because they are limited on a short amount of time. This shows how online classes could be less stressful because students would not feel as rushed to complete the work. Secondly, students could sleep in a little longer which would give them more energy while they do the online work. For example, say schools started at seven in the morning and students had to wake up at six in the morning to get ready for school, when they first arrive they go straight to sleep and miss out on instruction and work. This shows how being able to have online classes is beneficial to students. Lastly, they would be more calm while doing the work. For example, if a student is at home doing online classes away from others they would be more calm and focused. This shows hoe students can benefit from attending online classes.

Although some believe that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes fro home, it should be known that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Some people believe that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they have no real instruction and it could be less productive. Students would be able to benefit from being able to attend classes from home academic wise and as well as health wise. Schools should allow students to take more online classes over time because it could benefit students in a lot of different ways.  