Isolation. Nothing to do. That's what most kids do when they get home. Play video games or sit on their phones for hours. That's why schools should have students participate in one extracurricular activity. This could help make students happier and healthier, improve social skills, and give opportunities to explore their interest.

One reason schools should have students participate in one activity is because it makes students healthier and happier. Studies from John Hopkins university stated that "9 out of 10 kids are happier when they participate in activities." Which means more students are in a better mood because they're moving around and getting exercise. Getting kids to go outside can improve their mood swings. Not only does it help with mood swings, it also helps with depression. Healthier and happier students tend to be more happier in general

Another reason kids should have extracurricular activities is because it improves social skills. Professor Jimmy Facs, from University of New York, says, "kids who get involved in out of school activities, have better social skills than kids that do not participate in anything. Also, getting involved in out of school activities help kids with anxiety." Facs basically is saying that out of school activities helps kids get out of their comfort zone. Pre-teens who have anxiety could feel more safe around the people at their school. Kids that participate in extracurricular activities could also meet new friends that they've never talked to or even see before. Meeting new people could form a better community at this school.

Another important reason is that extracurricular activities could open up new opportunities or interest for students. A survey from students at Generic_School shows that 3 out of 4 students find a new hobby or interest that they enjoy. This means that kids could try something they've never tried before. Finding more interests for students could help them open up their choices of what they want to become when they grow up. This could also help students find people who have the same interest.

Some parents and students complain that they won't have time for homework. In an article produced by the Board of Supervisors of the Generic_City says, "kids that participate in multiple sports still come home to homework. This could make the student stress and have a mental breakdown." The Board of Supervisors of the Generic_City is stating that kids mental health is bad because they have multiple activities going on. Although some students say they get stressed from more extracurricular activities, most kids already participate in one. In an article by Generic_Name, she states, "5 out students 6 say they already participate in sports. A student from Generic_School, Generic_Name, even says, 'I play 4 sports and I have never been stressed. Playing 4 sports actually makes me feel less stressed.'" Generic_Name is saying that most kids play sports to relax them. Relaxation makes students feel more focused in school. Putting all your anger into playing a sport can make students more calm when it comes to challenges. Less stress can help students loosen up.

Overall, students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity. It helps students be healthier and happier, improves their social skills, and opens up more opportunities. Activities benefits both you and your community. Your community can do is support sports by, going to a game. What you can do is, participate in an activity you've never tried before. Open up more opportunities for yourself. See what's out there, you'll never know until you try.