So we can all agree that Venus is a very interesting planet. It is known as the evening star to some people. Even though you can get some good looks at it from earth it is hard to look ar close up. Also most of us know that this planet is inhabitable because of the planets conditions. Even though it is inhabitable scientists are still interested in the planet.

The author of this passage claims that is is still a worthy journey to try to explore this planet despite all of the dangers. Personally i would agree with him/her for various different reasons. He says "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life". For just this reason I think scientists would go crazy over. Since this planet might have been habitable at one point. If this statement is true then scientists should be looking into it so we can find out what went wrong.

The author also explains that there is a way we can get a little close to the planet. With some sort of aircraft that can hover about thirty miles abive the surface of Venus. Which is a good idea on there part, but they won't get any samples of rock or anything just a better view. They would get more insight on the ground conditions though which is a start. NASA is working on they're machines so they could last longer on the surface. Also they might have to send them on a manned mission even though there are risks it could be worth it in the end.

In another way the author goes on about some simplified electronics made of gears and switches. This idea sounds crazy but he has a good point, considering that these devices could last on the planet unlike modern tech which would melt. He said "These devices were first envisioned in the 1800s and played an important role in the 1940s during World War ll". Which means this is like ancient tech., but it is the only tech. that could be survivable on this planet. I don't know where or how they would get there hands on this kind of stuff, but anything sounds good concidering we cant send people to this planet because of the conditions

All in all the author does a great job of explaining the reasons we should still look into exploring this planet. He gives great attention to detail and has spot on ideas. This passage is really detailed and etiquate. I love the way all of the words flowed together and the various reasons he gave on why we should explore Venus. Which is why i agree with him.