Every school situation is different when it comes to learning, but can the learning environment affect the education of a student?

Online school is a option for students who are able to access their studies via internet to help with their studies. This is a very advanced and beneficial way of learning because their are students who struggle with understanding certain subjects in the school curriculum. While being in the comfort of a home one might be able to concentrate on the task at hand and complete it with ease. For example, when taking a test the class is stressed out and they cannot focus mainly because they're in a intimidating environment that doesn't allow them to relax and let ideas come to them naturally. Many online school students have much more inspiration around them and freedom to let their ideas flow while also completing school work that is being assigned. Working in a stress-free space is also apart of memorizing work better and thinking a lot clearer. Imagine how many students would actually want to learn the material being taught and doing the work because they can understand it. When working students don't want to be put in a tight bubble they want to be able to breathe and that's why online school gives that opportunity to do that.

When it comes to turning in work on time and doing it at the students own pace it helps them with time management, responsibility, and organization. Having the student do the work on their own time shows independence and gives them a chance to process the information correctly. Not having a teacher lurk around all the time and constantly remind the class they have five minutes to complete the following twenty questions is less stressful. Having rushed papers and work because students feel like if they don't get the work done they'll have to take it home to procrastinate and let the work sit there while they fail isn't good. Giving a student their own time and space to maybe tackle a big project or something tedious is beneficial to their work ethic and creative ideas. This gives them time to also work on their personal problems like procrastination and laziness because students do get unmotivated at times.

Now, another reason why online school might be helpful choice is it could help with social anxiety or mental health. Lots of students suffer each day by leaving their house to go to a crowded and overpopulated school. Not thinking about how much stress they go through and the reason they cannot function properly is a big issue. As a result, students fail and feel like they cannot get any help because they are being put in a situation that's not only scary for them but also for their parents. Learning online might help that student achieve big goals and learn easier without all of the distractions that they might go through. The students could possibly make better relationships and maintain a healthy mindset without being overworked and having anxiety. Now, some students might not experience the "school" life and possibly miss out on the culture of attending school event and making lifelong friends. That overall is a big thing that students will miss when they take online school. Subsequently it will be better for them when they are doing better in school and life.

Working while in school is a different kind of ball game, simply because its something you don't do all at once but something that takes time and energy. With online school giving that person time to manage and finish work while having a job is beneficial to that person's everyday life. It gives them an opportunity to focus on task such as, paying bills, saving money, etc. So when they aren't under pressure cramming for a test they can focus on other important things. Jobs typically aren't a easy thing to do and school isn't either, but when students can balance all of the important things like studying for a paper, paying their rent on time, and going to a friend's graduation ceremony, they can juggle all three while being efficient. School from home is a great idea because it can be beneficial with everyday life, relationships and reaching your goals.