Online classes are becoming a huge deal not only in colleges, but also public high schools. Many high schools offer courses for students who wish to get ahead of the regular program. Here at Generic_School we have online PE, economics, and online AP classes. Schools should provide online class opportunities for students because of students who wish to get ahead, students who want to work, and students who do extra curricular activities., and students with social anxiety.

To start, schools that offer online education will be helping advanced students load up on classes. Many students want to get as many AP and honor classes out of the way before senior year, not only to help their GPA, but also to leave room for electives. At Generic_School many students take this opportunity and take online AP classes. My friend Generic_Name is a perfect example, she takes AP Mandarin. Generic_Name will have an amazing record for colleges, they will take notice of her diligence and if they had to pick between two students, the college will pick her. Online courses will also provide a chance for students to raise their GPA's. Grade point averages are very important and can determine who can get a scholarship and who can not. To conclude, online classes are a good opportunity for students to pull ahead.

Another point is that students who want jobs will not be limited by school. Many students who are just turning sixteen are ready to earn money, but they are limited by how many hours they can work. Students who are provided with a chance to take some courses online will have more hours to work. Being able to work will help high school students get needed work experience and help teenagers learn how to appreciate money. Students can also learn valuable time management skills that will definitely help later on in life. My brother, who graduated last year, learned how to balance a work life on top of other projects. Cross learned that he must find the equilibrium between his schoolwork and his job. The job he had helped him pay for many of the fun opportunities that his school provided, like field trips, class rings, and prom. In summary, schools should help out students who want to work by giving them a chance to do some classes at home.

Another reason why students should be provided a chance to take online classes is because of anxiety. Social anxiety makes it hard for people to talk to other, be in crowded areas, and function like others. Students with anxiety might find it hard to take tests like other students and may fall behind in academics. Schools should provide them with an opportunity to take their courses at home, where they feel most comfortable. This could raise their GPA's and help their mental health. These students may find it difficult to go through crowded hallways and classrooms, they might have trouble asking to go to the bathroom, or trow away their trash. This becomes a major problem when these students have do solo presentations. Students who can barely maintain eye contact for more than three seconds have to get up in front of their peers and presents a project by their self. To finish, students wit anxiety should have an equal opportunity to pass school.

Finally, schools should help students who want to do extra curricular activities. School clubs and sports are incredibly important to a students everyday life. A students who plays soccer might need more time to practice, but can not leave class. Generic_School always says that, students who do sports and clubs have a higher GPA. Not only do students do school activities, but also Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts, Dance, and take music lessons. I know my day would be so much easier if I could go home early to practice a piece or two before I head to my piano class. I would not be limited to the short 30 minutes that I usually get. For example, I get home around 5:00 pm, then I must do homework, eat, and practice my recital pieces before my lesson. If I could go home, do a quick lesson and then practice as much as possible, my teacher would be impresses. To conclude, students will get more time for their activities.

In conclusion, online course would help students by providing them with many opportunities that would not have otherwise. Students who can get extra practice for their sport will have a better chance of making the team, and drama students will have more time to memorize their lines. Some may say that students who take online courses will forget to do their work, this is false because the consequences of not doing the work would effect everything in their life. 