Driverless cars are coming. Driverless cars would not be a great addition to today's modern technology. Today's technology is still progressing and is not yet ready to support a driverless car. Some may believe that driverless cars would be an amazing addition to our modern world, but those who do are wrong.

Driverless cars encourage the bad habit of lazyiness, that too many people already frequently engage in today. With the possiblity of driverless cars, that can do 90 percent of driving, people now have to do less than what they already have to do. Driving has already made life easier for people, it is unnessary to do away with the little work people have to do. Driverless cars will only encourage more projects that will attempt to minimize the work preformed by humans. Thus, creating this attitude of lazyiness and not wanting to have to ever do anything that requires that slightest amount of energy.

The text states, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" This quote from the text is a prime example of even if technology is ready for driverless cars are people themselves ready for the responsbility that comes with driverless cars. Today, too many people already do not take responsiblity for their actions, so what is to happen if the technology fails and a car wrecks and kills the opposing driver? Should that person be tried for manslughter or should they get to get away with killing an innocent person? People today try to blame that wrong doings on anything or anybody, they are in no position to take on the responsiblity for any accidents involving diverless cars.

Those who believe that driverless cars are a good thing for us would argue, "Now the driving experience can be alot less boring and more enterianing." Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW project manager driver, says "The psychological aspects of automation are reallly a challenge. We have to interpret the driving run in a new way." Some manufactures want to successfully bring in-car entertainment to driverless cars to prevent people from getting bored. Driving, wether it be in a driverless car or not, should not be a "fun and exciting experience". Do people realize that they are in a machine that holds the capability of taking the lives of many? That should not be something fun for you, you should take it with a great deal of seriousness. Scientist, that study the brain, say texting while driving turns off one of the parts of the brain that is used for focusing while driving. What do people think all of the in-car entertainment will affect your brain when it becomes that 10 percent of the time that you must take control and drive?

Some would also argue that technology is up to par and is able to handle driverless cars. The text states, "Automakers are contining their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved." Technology is clearly not ready if automakers are just hoping that problems ahead will be solved. This mindset will get people killed once they decide to release the car to the public.

Driverless car would not be a great addition to our modern day technology. Our already developed technology cannot support it. Automakers are hoping that problems will be solved. People are not mentally ready to take on the responsibility that comes with driverless cars. Driving should not be entertaing and the entertainment could affect our brains and the ability to focus when its the person turn to control the car. Driverless cars are not worth all of this trouble, so that people can be lazyier than they already are. Are driverless cars worth risking the safety or even the lives of innocent people?