All scientists at NASA know that the "The Face" is a natural landform known as a mesa. But some people think that Nasa is lying to the public about it being a natural landform. I'm here today to argue that Nasa is indeed not lying.

My first reason for knowing that NASA is not lying is that a drone was up in space taking pictures of it close enough to show the world tha it was just a natural landform. Viking 1 is the name of the spacecraft that took this photo and some mission controllers were suprised to see a face popu up on their screen. The chief scientist for NASA'S Mars exploration program said "We photographed the Face as soon as we could get a good shot at it ."

They also got more icture to deduce that it was actually instead of a face it was a natural landform. Thats my first reason for knowing that NASA is not lying.

My second reason for knowing NASA is not lying is because the landform is called a mesa. Mesa's are more commonly found in the American West. So by thinking hardly about this it comes to mind could people that dont believe, could possibly being saying that this mesa isnt a mesa but something NASA is trying to cover up? But then the question comes to be WHY would Nasa be trying to hide some of this information from the public? Well it comes down to the simple fact they arent trying to hide anything from the public about the face they are giving us the true information and some people just dont thig thats the real actual truth.

My thrid reason for knowing that Nasa is not lying they made the pictures into digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size so if anything was on the surface such as a shack you could tell what it was. They do that so if they see anything that is a undertiminable object you can clerly tell what it is. The pixels arent as good as they could be today but they had a pretty lea view of what it is. they have the best cutting edge technology and are way more advanced than the open world is today so its highly unlikely that their system wasnt processing right. thats the end of my thrid reason.

So some people believe that the face is actually just a natural landform but some people such as conspiracy theorists dont. I say that the conspiracy theorists have a point on why Nasa could be lying to the public. They probably think this because of the goverment owning and controls Nasa that Nasa is lying to us like the goverment could be because of their secret projects. The reason the goverment doesnt tell s about some of their plans is because its to keep the United States of America safe from the har of foreign countries. Those were the reasons conspiracy theorists think like they do.

All that information can signify that Nasa is not lying to us. Though some people may think they are because they are apart of the goverment .But i think that Nasa is doing a great job and woudnt lie to the press. If they lied to the press they would be utting the U.S goverment a bad public view.