I believe asking more than one person for advice is really important and here is why. When people ask for advice they usually want multiple responses or different point of views to get the best advice. If someone wants to know how to get on a sports team they would ask all of their friends that play sports for advice. Some people also ask for advice when they want to get better grades in school. Asking more than one person for advice is a way better then only asking one.

When people ask for advice they want to here what people think is the best for them at that certain point in time. People dont ask only one person for advice they usually ask more than one. They do that because they want what most people think is better for them. If you only ask one person for advice then that person might not give the best advice. But if you ask more than one person there are so many different point of views that you get different advice and better advice for any problems your having.

If you are trying to play a sport or get on a team then you would probably ask your friends or a coach for advice. Because they have knowledge about that sport and how to get better at it. They would give you advice on how to get on the team. They could give you advice on how to get better endurance or get stronger for that sport. When it comes to sports there are a lot of different people who you can ask and who give different type of advice.

If you're not doing how you want in school and you have bad grades there are so many people you can ask for advice. You can ask the teachers for advice on how to do the things your not too good at. Some teachers might tell you to go to after school tutoring if you need help. Asking your friends that have really good grades for advice is a great idea.

They can teach you the things they do to get good grades. Asking your parents for advice in school is also a good idea because they have already made it through school so they can tell you what they did to pass.

So ask as many people ask you can for advice when you need it. Because you need to know how to do things in school and sports. So asking as many people for advice as you can is really important.