Have you ever had a problem and needed advice and asked someone for advice?

I't might not always be the best idea to ask just one person.

If you ask multiple people for advice you can get more options, more points of view, and more non biased information instead of asking just one person.

If you ask more people your more likely to find the solution to your problem.

It just makes sense to ask more people so you can sort through your options and find which choice better suits you, and your problem.

If you ask just one person there advice on what to do for your problem it isnt always gonna be the best advice.

If you ask more people for advice you will get more options.

You will get more options because you will have more people giving you answers.

This is better because with more options you can find better answers on how to solve your problem.

There is no reason not to ask multiple people when you need advice for something.

If you ask more people for advice you'll get more points of view for a problem rather than getting one from asking one person.

It's better to have more points of view because you can see your problem in a different perspective.

This is good because if you have more perspectives you can use them to think about your problem better and make the best choice.

More points of view can make you think about your problem in a way you did not previously.

This could alter the solution you chose for the better.

A problem that could come from asking just one person could be biased information.

You could get biased information because the person you ask could be biased to the situation your in.

For example if you had a gambling problem it might not be best to ask someone who likes to gamble.

This would effect there advice, but if you ask multiple people your less likely to get biased information.

If you have less biased information your more likely to make the best choice for your problem.

When you ask multiple people for advice for something its better to ask multiple people.

It's better because you get more options, more points of view, and more non biased information. Asking more people is better than asking just one in all ways.

There is no reason not to ask more people ans get more options, more points of view, and more non biased information.

This is why I think asking more people is better than asking just one.