Over the past years massive car usage has increased bringing multiple determents. Today fellow citzens should relize the harm to the world brought ,by upgrowing car usage. The advantages of limiting car usage is a benfit promoting communities that,are less dependent on cars,and can be a improvement in air pollution cosequences. The advantages to begin limiting car usage can have many benificial effects in the worldwide .

Innitialy , the advantages of limiting car usage is a benifit due to the fact that communities will be less dependent on cars. In source 3 pargraph 28 the author explains an example of a benifit of limited car usage stating "uneven, pitted side walks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush -hour restrictions have dramaticly cut traffic ; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have croped up." this shows how human beings are using cars less by walking increasing some health issues ,creating less traffic accidents and increasing the economy by shoping with the money they have saved from not using cars so constantly. There are many other bennifits such as in source 3 in paragraph 28 proving how "parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city. " This means by when the author says " bloomed " through out the city explains how individuals of all ages are starting to enjoy the outside activities especially in parks and sports centers making it over populated with people . This gives individuals the advantage to go out exploring new people and challenges decreasing issues in the world such as obesity, self confidence , and a healty status .Although car usage can be a neccesity while on the other hand as a fact that decreasing car usage can only bring bennifits as the ones in the world shown today .This solution could be the start to a numerous amount of oppurtunities that can benifit not only in one way but manny.

moreover, the advantages of limiting car usage can be a improvement in air pollution consequences. The issues of harmful gases from cars on the run has affected issues and consequences as global warming from excessive amounts of air pollution. In source 4 paragraph 29 the author explains an advantage of less car usage for global warming by stating " president obama's ambitious goals to curb the united states 'greenhouse gas emissions , uneveiled last week ,will get a furtuitous assist from an incipient shift in america behavior ; recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars , driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by ." this explains how the decrease of car usage has protected the ozone layer from harmful gases from car gas, fuel, and chemicals making the issue of global warning to bennifical rates at some points . As a fact using cars may bennifit exucess for weariness and body pain although worldwide limiting car usage up to now with these improvements has only bennefit for a better place to breath air that is growing to being less harmful and a cleaner enviorment to live by decreasing newborn bacterias that can harm us. improving global warming is something we all bennifit from either now or later.

to sum up over the past years massasive car usage has been a determent worlwide. today there are issues procceding to the awarness of individuals of upgrowing car usage. limiting car usage bring advantaes such as peaople that can become less depent on cars and decreasing air pollution .this issue is the matter to all of us.         