While driving, a person must put all of his focus on the road. If his focus is not on the road he will most likely get hurt or hurt others. Driverless cars may help keep the people safe and aware of their surrondings but, they encourage people to not pay atention to the road. The driverless cars could put people in danger, could make people careless, and could cause chaos to the laws of the road.

The driverless cars could put people in danger. The writter states, ¨They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves¨ . They are computors that do everything for us. What if they are all programed by the government? What if they are controlling you and you dont even know it? There are situations that are dangerous. Some that computor in a car could not identify it as well as a human could.

If a person is not paying attention to the car, they would put not only themselves into danger but also the people around them.

The driverless cars could make people careless. Many people trust technology too much. GM is even installing the following,

¨driver´s seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object¨.When people rely on technology they tend to not care what happens becuase it was not thier fault. What if a person always relied on those seats to tell them if they were close to an object and one time the techonology failed them. Driverless cars would encourage people to be more careless. People think ¨The car is all under control¨ so they dont pay any attention. Driverless cars will make people feel too secure and they will be careless with their actions.

Driverless cars could cause chaos with the laws of the roads. If people decide to buy a driverless car, they would have to learn the new laws of the road. The writter states, ¨new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accicent¨. There would be choas because some people may still have the driver in the car. There would be so many people following different rules and they all are trying to go their destination. The BMVs will be busy that is for sure. Driverless cars could cause chaos with the laws of the road.

To conclude, businesses like GM and Google realize that they are making money from this idea. But what they dont realize is that driverless cars could put people in danger, could make people more carless than they already are, and could cause chaos with the laws of the road.    