Select schools offer distance learning, a way of schooling in which the student is able to "attend" class through online or video conferencing, therefore, a student not able to attend school because of any situation may continue schooling and receive their education from any location or situation. This would benefit students with any medical issues, or family/home life issues; They could still continue schooling and receive their diploma without stepping foot inside a school building.

A child suffering from any physical or mental instabilities or frequenting hospital time would highly benefit from distance learning. A student should not feel the stress of falling behind in school or failing classes, when they should be focused on healing themselves and remaining healthy and happy. At no point in time should a student feel the need to put their own physical or mental well being aside so that their school work should survive. If a student has any issues such as needing to stay in hospital or home the online or video conferencing would be a way of continuing social contact in education, furthering education, but also extending brain development, and taking their minds off the present situation, which they most likely dont wish to be in. Of course in some medical emergencies or severe health situations there are complications by which distance learning would not work at all and continuing schooling wouldnt be first concern. Mind over matter in which, mind not only stands for its self but also the human body, and matter is anything other than that.

Many children suffer from problems not of the outside world but of issues that stem from their home environment and people contributing to their home life. In a situation where a child may live not in a location close to any schools, though rare, may happen because of a parent or guardians decision. A child may have to watch younger siblings or take care of grandparents, though social norms say a child not be put in such situations so that they may not attend school; But for some that is their way of life that family comes first, and that is the way that parents or guardian wish to raise their child. Or that a students parents live a life so that they move or travel frequently, because of a military career or government positioning. In these conditions the child should not be punished for their parent or guardians lifestyle or what they chooses to value, they should have a fair chance at schooling just as any other child receives.

Whenever you go up you always have to come back down in some way. Meaning that there is always cons or failures in this way of education. A student may cheat, because they have no educational instructor to watch over them as they do school work. Or that some students may take advantage of this program so that they dont have to go to school. But they are choosing their life in those moments and if a students wishes to cheat or not attend, when thrown into their future the only person that is hurting in the end is their selves. That is their decision and their education, and the program may then be giving them the biggest life lesson they would ever receive.

In the end I believe that the pros out weight the cons in the amount of students that this program would help and change their lives for the better, highly out weights those who would take advantage. You may watch a child who without the program would have never graduated high school or even middle school go on to do great things in life and thrive, because they were given a chance by the distance learning program.