Do you ever come home from school and go straight to the TV or your phone? I can say that sometimes I do. I know that sometimes we come home from a hard day at school and all that you want to do is get your mind off of it and play video games or watch TV. What if there was another option? Allowing students to have a extracurricular activities outside of school may just help. It could help you get your mind of whatever happened at school that day. I believe that students should be able to participate in a extra activity after school, because then it gives them something to do instead of being on their phone, it gets them interacting with others, and they could potentially find a new hobby.

Students should participate in an extra activity after school, because it will give them something to do instead of being on their phone. Getting kids off of their phones and convincing them to do something else can be hard. Getting off of our phones is a good thing, because we can be more active in many ways. Students and teens are on our phones way too much in their free time. Us students have way too much free time at home. Most of us use our valuable free time on a device. Being on a device is not helping our health and our social activity in any way, shape or form. Getting us students to get off of our devices would benefit us in many ways. When we are at home, teens tend to audomadicly go on a device. We don't realize how much we are on our screens and not focused on anything else. Having these after school activities, it will hopefully get kids off of their screens and focus on whats going on around them. From my own thoughts, I believe that students should have after school activities because then we will be able to focus on what is happening around them and not on their screens, because whatever is on our screens, we can always go back and look at it later.

Teens should have an after school activity, because it gets you interacting with others. Students who take the time to be around and get to know others, probably have a higher relationship status than the ones who don't participate in other activities outside of school. Some kids and teens have a hard time interacting and making friends with others. Having these after school activities, it will get them interacting with others and making new friends. Even if students have friends, they can invite them to whatever club that they are doing and maybe they will join with you and make new friends too. If you know someone who doesnt have many friends, but you think that they will enjoy something new like this, you should invite them and show them around. Don't be afraid to talk to new people and try new things. Everyone should be included and have lots of fun.

From my examples, I can strongly believe that there should be after school activities, for everyone and not just some students.

Sometimes, trying something new might be better for you an you may even find a new hobby. Trying new things is always good. You may even enjoy it a lot. I know that when I started playing volleyball I wasnt to sure about it. In fact, my friend made me do it. We went to the volleyball lesson and when we got there, I was a little intimidated. I never thought that coming back from that lesson , that I would still be playing. After the lesson was over, I ran to my mom and gave her a big hug. I told my mom that I wanted to keep coming to these clinics and to come with my friend Hailey again. My mom was in big shock because we all new that I wasnt big on trying new things. The point is, I wouldnt be where I am today if I didnt try something outside of my comfort zone. By trying something new, I found my new favorite hobby and I play it almost everyday now. The point that I was trying to get across of that would be that trying new things could lead to something that you love and want to do again. What is the worst that can happen when you try something new? Not much. You have to go into something thinking that everything happens for a reason and that everything will turn our great and that you will have fun. From my own experiences, I can say that everything happens for a reason and never hesitate to try something new.

I believe that students should have an after school extracurricular activity, because of the reasons being, it gives you something to do in your extra free time, you will interact with others and make new friends, and you will find a new hobby that you may really enjoy. Dont be afraid to try new things, and to do them with new people. Always remember that if you don't like something, that you dont have to keep on doing it. But that does not mean to not try something new, and to enjoy it in the moment. 