"You should block her on everything and never talk to her again", Generic_Name told Generic_Name. Furiously in anger, Generic_Name did as Generic_Name told her what was best to do and blocked Generic_Name, Generic_Name and Generic_Name had been best friends, but Generic_Name had just found out that Generic_Name wasn't taking her to Florida for spring break which they had planned on since forever. The next day came and while Generic_Name was headed to class Generic_Name came up to her, "Hey, it says that you blocked me I was", Generic_Name stared at her full with rage and walked off before Generic_Name could finish. Generic_Name knew Generic_Name was coming up to her to ask for forgiveness but Generic_Name wasn't going to forgive her, nor talk to her. As days went on Generic_Name ignored Generic_Name, but Generic_Name didn't even comprehend what she had done wrong for this to happen. "I don't know why she's ignoring me and I really want to know what I did wrong so I could fix it, so could you guys go talk to her for me?" Generic_Name asked Generic_Name and Generic_Name, "Sure we'll go ask her",they walked towards Generic_Name, "Hey Generic_Name" Generic_Name said, "how have you've been?" "Awful", Generic_Name answered. Generic_Name glanced at Generic_Name, "Oh why is that?'' Generic_Name finally asked, "Generic_Name isn't taking me to Florida, and instead is taking Generic_Name when in reality Generic_Name and I have been planning on going to Florida since forever!" Generic_Name exclaimed. "Oh is this why you've been ignoring her?" Generic_Name asked while sitting besides Generic_Name, "Yes and it seems as if she doesn't even care", Generic_Name answered. "Well maybe it's because you've been ignoring her, in reality she doesn't know what she did wrong, instead of ignoring her you should talk it out with her",Generic_Name advised Generic_Name, the two girls got up and went back where Generic_Name was, while Generic_Name sat there she realized that she was the one who messed up. Instead of ignoring Generic_Name she should've discussed the situation with her, she realized that Generic_Name's advice wasn't the best and she should've went to more people for advice. It is best when you ask multiple people for advice rather than only asking one because it gives you multiple choices, same situations, and an overview on the situation

First off, a benefit in asking multiple people for advice is them giving you a variety of choices to pick from. For instance, Generic_Name had snuck out and while he was out having a fun time, he fell from a high distance and broke his arm. He had to come up with a way to tell his parents without telling them what really happened so he went to his friends for advice, they gave him various situations now he could now choose because he knew that if one didn't work the other one had too. This is useful because if he had just asked one of his friends their plan could've backfired. Another example, Generic_Name didn't want to go out, so she asked her friends what to do so she could convince her parents not to take her out. Her friends came up with a bunch of ideas,now she could do all of them until her parents let her stay home. Unlike if she would've asked one person, and they reply with say you don't feel good her parents still would've taken her because it isn't creative as the others. So when asking more people for advice it gives you multiple options to choose from.

Next, asking multiple people lets you find others that have gone through the same situation as you and figure what is best to do. For example, Generic_Name had just gotten into an argument with her friend and didn't know what to do, when she asked her friend Generic_Name for advice she told her that she had once gotten into an argument with the same person as Generic_Name so she let her know what to do. With that advice Generic_Name's problem was now solved. Another case, in where this happened is when Generic_Name got dumped by her boyfriend she was overcome with sadness, but she didn't want to stay like this she knew a lot of her friends had been through this exact situation she went to them for advice they gave her amazing advice that helped her overcome her dilemma. Now if she had gone with someone that hadn't gone through a breakup their advice wouldn't have been as effective. So going for multiple people for advice lets you meet people that have gone through the same situation.

Finally, when going to multiple people for advice they will most often give you the same ideas and it gives you an overview of what you need to do, especially if you're not controlled at the time you won't do anything you shouldn't. For instance, Generic_Name had found out her friend had been telling everyone secrets Generic_Name trusted her with. She went to go ask for advice and everyone had maintained the concept of talking to her and trying to resolve what had happened. Even though she was furious at how her friend had done that to her she didn't go around doing the same thing she had done to her because her outlook on this situation was trying to resolve the problem. Another time, is when Generic_Name was failing one of his classes and he had a big test that would count as half of his grade he didn't know what to do because if he failed this test he was definitely going to fail this class. Going to ask his friends they told him to study and get help from his teacher, so that is what he did instead of cheating since at the time it felt like the only way to get out of this problem but now his overlook on this situation was studying and getting help on what he needed to get better at to pass his test. So when asking multiple people for advice it gives you an overview on the sitution and helps you control yourself.

Generic_Name went to go ask her friends on what to do with Generic_Name, as she had found out she was taking Generic_Name with her to Florida instead of her which had been the original plan. "Talk to her and check if she is actually taking Generic_Name before anything", Generic_Name said. "Don't do anything you'll regret later so just try to resolve it", Generic_Name said, everyone she had asked kept the same concept of making sure she was taking Generic_Name and talking to her and trying to resolve the problem. Generic_Name resolved it,that's why taking advice from multiple people is best.       