Dear Senator,

I believe that we should let our nation's President be chosen by popular vote. The Electoral College is a wondeful idea don't get me wrong, but it seems as if with the Electoral College, the candidates running for U.S. President are just getting free votes and could defy the will of the people.

When a candidate runs for office, aka Presidency, it means that he also has to choose his electors, but sometimes the state picks them. The electors can be anyone not holding public office. So when a voter wants to vote for their choice of candidate, they would have to send their vote for a group of Democratic or Republican electors that are pledged to your candidate. If your candidate won the statewide election, then they would go to Congress and your candidate would get however many electoral votes that he recieved from winning. "The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor," according to Source 2. "Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy, (so a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy.)", according to Source 2. Some electors occasionally refused to vote for their candidate and wanted to instead vote for some who they actually want to vote for. Another worrying factor is if the Electoral College had a tie. If that were to happen, then the election would be given to the House Of Representatives, and then the state delegations vote on the president, and the Senate would choose the Vice-President.

By the electors defying the will of the people, then the wrong President could be elected into office. If a majority of state voters wanted a candidate to be President, but the electors thought differently, then they could be unfaithful and vote for whoever they wanted to. Where would we be then? "Most states have a "winner-take all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate," according to Source 1. Some states, like Maine and Nebraska each have some type of "proportional representation". The reason I believe that we should have a popular vote is because you never know with the Electoral College. One minute they could be voting the way they should be, and the next they could be going against the will of the people and the state overall.

Overall, I think it we should rely more on ourselves than the Electoral College. It was a fantastic idea, but the electors could change their mind in a split second and who knows who could be going into office instead of the President we actually need and want to run our nation for the next four or more years.    