There's a lot of beneficial and non beneficial things about going to school we as humans think that school is a place to get a great eduacation there are others who believe that school is just unecesary or it's not a great place to be in general. We as a society have changed the perspective of things we do in our daily lives, a big example can be technology, how it shaped our generation forever the good and bad way and technology takes a big role in our education. Technology has evolved over the years we drive solar cars, send robots outer space, and we communicate diffrently. I myself take an online english school program, coming from a person who is currently taking the program people might think that i'm doing just fine, but in reality looking at things clearly it's just not the same why you might ask?. well there are many reasons i can go on and on why online school isn't that great as people think it is My answer to you is that online school isn't that beneficial as peculiar as it might sound.

I began taking an online school program five weeks from now, we started off on a slow pace but we increased our working pace rapidly one benefit that helped me a lot was not having to wake up early for my program i started my program wherever and finished the program whenever. This was really beneficial because i'm usually very busy with my spring sports and my other daily activities. There's also other beneficial things for the kids who might have behavior problems with school, they don't have to be worrying about the teachers they get or the students they sit next to i found that to be really helpful part of the program for the kids who can't relate to the whole school behavior conduct. Something that all kids can agree on is how they get to eat, well there's no other way to put it in simple terms but you get to eat whatever you wish for there are no greasy burgers or stale nuggets, you eat what you desire. However online programs aren't what they seem to be sometimes you might see the positive in things but with the positive comes the negative.

We are officially in week five of the program i can tell you all the negatives i see in my program i will start off by explaining how we get our help well we don't get as much in depth help as we do in a regular daily school basis the only thing we get is a due date and sources where we can find our answers not really helpful for a person who doesn't stay on task. There is no make up work so if i where to give you an assignment to work on the whole day and let's say you fail the assignment well your grade is marked as college proffesors where to look at someones work, for a person who just rushes through their work to get it done i recommend you go back and reread what i said. I love to peer review i take pride on what i did wrong and someone who can explain to me where my mistakes are it's just not only me that gets the help but the other person receives the help as well .The worst part of online school is your social life withought being social with other people how are you going to find a job being social is really crucial for finding a workplace. The online school program is a really stressfull program although you get to wake up later and finish and end class whenever you want it's not worth it.

Online school programs start off slow in the beginning but you have to pace yourself to finish all your work done in a certain timeframe. we've seen all the positive and negatives in the program but benefits in the program don't help that much. My beliefs might be diffrent than other people's but i do know that any kid can accomplish whatever he wants. It doesn't matter where you are or what classes your taking anybody can be succesfull if they just put their minds to work,or maybe online classes aren't as beneficial to me,I would recommend online programs to someone who is well centered and focused on what he or she is doing. People will ask me how online school is going i reply ''it's going alright'' but not as great as i would like it to go. If you are able to challenge yourself in diffrent ways in life and you are willing to become your own teacher go for it.

Finally going back to the main idea of the prompt i don't think that there aren't enough benefits from being able to attend classes from home. Therfore we should be able to work in an enviroment where we can meet new people not just sit at home and sit and stare at a laptop when we know life won't be that easy.