Asking multiple people for advice can be a very beneficial thing as it can increase your knowledge of a specific topic, let you know mindsets of others, and be able to combine all advice into one superior answer. Many people feel that the only person that can give them the right advice would be themselves but this isn't true. The reason people might feel that way is because they might consider themselves wiser than the people around them.

To start, increasing your knowledge on something you might not be familiar with and or new to by asking others is something others do but fail to find the right people or don't want to do for their own reasons. An example of asking others to further a persons information is a person where he doesn't know what temperature his lasagna needs to be cooked at in order to have the great meal he wants to get. He asks multiple people and by doing that realizes that people all have a different answer, with some using the microwave to others nearly burning their lasagna whenever they cook. From all the advice he begins to put together his mind on what temperature, and at the end of the his night has a good dinner with his family. The example is that not only did he primarily demonstrate the first reason, but lightly used the second and third reasons.

Furthermore, knowing the mindsets of others can help as you can see whos advice is good and whos advice isn't so good. To demonstrate a man needs to fix his pipe as it is leaking, but the plumbers are already busy helping some other people. The man asks his friends for what he should do, receiving different answers from each person. His first friend tells him to stop the leaking in the meanwhile with twine, his second friend tells him to use a cloth and put tape over the cloth to keep it there, and his last friend tells him to use lasagna while he and is family laugh in the background. From then the man can conclude that his first friend isn't that bright, his second friend is a pretty smart guy, and that his third friend is quite jester. While he clearly knew who had the best answer he, if he had more friends could've used the third reason to great advantage.

Lastly, putting together all answers and choosing the best over the worst answers is something a person will have to do when getting all kinds of advice. To further explain, that means to have multiple good answers and mush them into a really good piece of advice. To showcase this, A woman wants to dye her hair red but doesn't know which shade or variant of red. She asks her friends and they all give different answers on which shade the woman should go with. Her first friend says dark red, Second says hot red, and third says light red. The woman decides that the best way to dye her hair would be to have dark red at the roots, hot red in the middle, and light red at her tips. By doing this she impresses her friends and family very much and she also has used the final reason to her greatest advantage. So it should be fair to say that asking multiple people for advice is a good thing to do.

To conclude, asking more than one person on what to do in a certain situation is the best thing to do as it increases wisdom of a certain problem, can show how others think and from that determine who is best to ask advice from, and be able to mold and fold all answers into a very good piece of advice. Of course in order for all of these to go right, you need to ask multiple people. 