I agree that all students should have to participate in an extracurricular activity.

I agree with this because extracurricular activities will help students physical health.

Extracurricular activities will help with students mental health.

And extracurricular activities will help with students socially.

In my opinion, extracurricular activities have only positive aspects.

First, physical health will be improved if all students are made to do a extracurricular activity.

Students that choose to do a sport will have to exercise with their team and will have to go to the games and practices.

Students that do extracurricular activities are generally more productive than students that don't do one.

Also, students will have to exercise with their teams and won't be able to procrastinate.

Extracurricular activities will only improve students physical health and will not make them any unhealthier.

Secondly, students mental health will be improved if they're are made to do an extracurricular activity.

When you are doing something your brain is always exercising.

Students that have a strong physical health generally have a strong mental health.

However, this is not always the case.

When you are part of a group you all feel like you're a family, causing you to feel like your part of something.

When your brain is being made to exercise there are no negatives to it, there are only positives.

Finally,

being part of an extracurricular activity will make you feel better socially.

When the people that you spend the most time with are your friends you become closer.

You can also make new friends and meet new people that have the same interest as you.

You will be exercising with your friends which will only make your relationship with them healthier.

In my opinion, being in an extracurricular activity can only make you and the people you are surrounded by more social.

Extracurricular activities have many positives towards helping teenagers in their life.

However, there can be some negatives towards extracurricular activities such as getting injured, or not being able to hangout with people.

But all of these reasons are just part of life and I believe that all teenagers need to be exposed to what will happen to them in the real world.        