Is the face on Mars an alien artifact of just a natural landform? So far we have no real proof that aliens even exist. Also in 1998 the JPL website revealed that it was just a natural landform and not made by aliens. Also NASA would be just as excited to reveal that another life form has been found, that wouldn't be a kept secret.

So far we have no real proof that aliens exist. If there were aliens wouldn't we know by now? There are lots of alien conspiracies but nothing that proves aliens exist. UFO spottings are just the same. You may think theres an alien in there but whos to say its not just a flying frisbee. And the crop circles how do you know the farmer doesn't just like to have a nice looking crop.

Lots of people believe in aliens but what are they basing these beliefs from, one blurry picture? We can say there may be evidence of aliens but no proof.

When the next Mars Global Surveyor flew over we got an even better picture. Lots of people were anxious to find out what the story behind this face was. Later theJPL website revealed something that shocked, relieved, saddened, and angered the people. The website had said that there was no alien artifact just a natural land form. How after all of that can you still think there are aliens? Well some people still believe. There are all kinds of things people think that show us there are aliens. But just about every one of them is some kind of misunderstanding.

If we had found aliens we would be eager to share our discovery not try to hide it. People say that NASA is just trying to make us think there are no aliens. The truth is we wish we had found them. It would have been much more exciting to find aliens than some sort of natural landform. Some people think that this is evidence that we are trying to hide our discoveries. I really do wish that we had found aliens. Talk about a pay raise! But, there is still no strong evidence of aliens.

I think by now it is safe to say that aliens don't exist. So far we just have no real proof of aliens. Not to mention that JPL already confirmed that the face was just a natural landform. Also theres that part about how we would benifit even more for finding aliens. People can still have their conspiracies but that can't change the facts. THERE ARE NO ALIENS! 