For many years people have been using cars to get around to do their important tasks.  The stress every indivdual has to go through just to make it through the day could be difficult. It is better if we create a car free world. Just picture you waking up in the morning peacefully without the sounds of car motors turning on or the smell of smoke in the air. With the reduction of cars, the planet would be a healthier and safer place to live on.

Limiting car usage can have a numerous amount of advantages to citizens. With all the issues every country has, the most important one is the emisson of green house gases. With the use of less cars, the green house gas percentage rate will go down significantly. In source 3 it says "Its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." As this event starts to happen the Earths atmosphere will start to recover and there would be less traffic on the roads. In source 3, Bogota Colombia has a program named the "Day Without Cars." This program has a goal to promote another way of transporation to the people and to reduce smog in their capital city. While it on their third year, "people are generating a revoluntionary change..." said Enrique Riera. Since this event is becoming more sucessfull parks and sports centers have been used more throughout the city. In soruce 2, Pari has a situation of smog too. They decided to created a "partial driving ban" which allowed the air to be cleared in Paris but also fined 4,000 drivers with the cost of 22-euros ($31) or impounded cars for their "reaction of the fine."

Another advantage ciztens have to limiting car usage is that it lowers the cost of indivdual of paying their car bills and the amount of gas which is really high. With other types transportation like public buses, walking or riding a bicycle this effort helps to conserve resources that are about to disappear since we use them too much and it improves our safety with the reduction of having car accidents due to traffic jams. In source 1 Vauban, Germany their is a community that has 5,500 resident that do not own a car. This community restricts car into their streets. This communtiy is a "low-car suburban life" that has a wallkway,stores on the main street and some distant highways with the help of public transportation.

As we continue our effort into establishing a "car free" community it will benefit us in the future. While we reduced the percentage of green house gases in the air then the government will not have to worry about one problem and move to something that needs to be fixed right away. All the taxes we've have beeen paying will to crisis outside of our country. If we expand these no car communties that Colombia and Germany have then there will be a "shift in American behavior" source 4 states. Americans love cars but as the years passed by from "2005-2013 the miles driven per persons have slowly decereased 9 percent." Hopefully,as the next few year it will make a difference.

Even though us humans love cars their is a limit into how much we should use them. But as we grow we will have a healthier and dafer planet to live on, spend less moeny on cars and more money on important nessesites, and it woyukd create a better future for our children an their families.                                                                    