Limiting car usage is not bad at all! It benifts everyone in a specific way.

As stated in the article 'Car-Free Cities' Source 1: Heidrum Walter, a media trainer and mother two quotes "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much more happier this way" Heidrum being a mother two you can only imagine the car trips she would have to make. Going place to place can cause a lot of stress to some people and it makes it harder for them to drive. For example, someone could be stressed to the max with all the traffic and driving around that it could create accidents along the way. No one should ever feel stressed while driving. Driving should be a privellege and good one.

In Paris they have banned driving due to smog. Diesel fuel was balmed since France has tax ploicy that favors diesel over gasoline. Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in France, compared to a 53.3 percent average of diesel engines in the rest of Western Europe. Paris has more smog than other European capitals. Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London. Certain things like this can help save the environment without the usage of vehicles.

With no car usage it prevents teens from getting into accidents and or drunk driving. The safer way to go is to walk or stay with a friend somewhere safe than being on the road. Many accidents could be prevented but it wont if limiting the car usage is not available. Death rates will decrease and many people will be safer this way. A study last year found that drving by young people decreased by 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. Without transportation many young people could make other main priorities. For example, they could organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or car-pool with friends.

Up above I have given my reasons why we should all limit car usage. It would relieve stress from on the road, saves the environment and takes the smog away, and young people would be more socialize and up for doing more than what they already do like jobs.            