What is the best method for a students education? Students will befit by being able to attend classes from home because students will have more options of class times, students will be less stressed, and students will have more personal time.

First, speaking from the point of view as a high school student or a college student, trying to find time for classes along with other activities can be difficult. Going to at least five or six classes a day, getting homework, then going to jobs or sports can be hard to manage, especially as a teenager. As a student if you are able to work from home and pick the time of your classes it may be more suiting to your schedule. As this type of activity is not made for everyone, it may find a way to be useful to every student such as the student can have classes when the teacher video calls the student or when the teacher has a planned class, while others may want to chose when this class happens and if it is by themselves or live with others. While any of these options are available students may even earn a better education at their own pace and their own time without the rush and stress of the surrounding world.

Next, a students stress level can go down by taking online classes. As today's modern society rises students have more mental issues than a mental patient in the 1920's. This is a very large issue that counties to grow, along with many other stressful events and even technology. Stress can cause many things like depression and anxiety, but how can schools help with this? While most high schools students worry about the future we want to find a way to help them stress less about these things. By giving the option to students of online classes, students are able to do what they want, when they want, and how they do it. This may allow students to become more open and not feel like they need to fight against others or themselves to be their best self. Students will be able to complete classes on their own time and learning does not have to be as difficult as it appears. By limiting big classes students may not be surrounded by others with a higher level than them and stress about how they are not good enough or need to be better in anyway.

Last, students would have access to more personal time. As mentioned before students will most likely have the option of when their classes are and when they do them, this can give the student more access to their own time and any activities. Students can focus on important things like sleep, health, jobs, and other activities then return to their school work at anytime and being able to feel comfortable with their choices without being told how and when to do them. Students having more time to relax or enjoy themselves without feeling the stress of school and homework on their chest gives the students the ability learn new things and test their minds on what they can really do.

By doing online class and giving students more choices and free time the student can learn time management skills and understand what needs to be done, when to get it, and how to complete these task daily.

In conclusion, students will befit by attending classes from home because students will have more options of class times and how they wish to mange their time and usage of the day. Students may become less stressed due to when given more options in schooling and learning on your own time at your own pace. Students will have access to more personal time and be able to learn new skills and enjoy themselves without the stress of the modern world.