It's the last day of school, you're sitting in your desk leg bouncing anxiously waiting for the final bell to ring. That bell of freedom, but just a minute before it rings your teacher reminds the class of the most dreaded thing on the planet, the student summer project.

Everybody groans in disdain, but the feeling of dread is washed away with the final chime of the squeaky high pitched freedom cry. You're now a month into your three month summer break and your project pops into your mind, but is brushed off quickly with the though of "I'll do it later". More time goes by, one month, then the next. Now its four days before the first day of school and you're laying in bed thinking "oh this is bad". This happens to students almost everywhere you look on earth, Massive procrastination that doesn't end until its too late. How do we curb this? I believe the best option is the Teacher Designed Summer Project, TDSP for short, and here's why.

My First reason for thinking the TDSP is better than the SDSP(student designed summer project) is that students can be just flat out lazy. Using myself as an example, I am a very lazy student. I dont turn things in on time, whenever I do turn things in on time normally they're haphazardly put together and not very cohesive. I know that if our school were to have a SDSP many students, myself included, would not get them done because we believe we have many better things that we could be doing with our time, or we just do not want to do it. If these projects were headed up by a teacher, it would help direct the many students like me.

My next reason on why the TSDP is better is that many students dont know what they want to do with their life once they leave high school. With the help of a specialized TDSP teacher and or counselor, the students can be lead to something that they genuinely enjoy, instead of something that makes them want to pull their hair out every day. A specialized TSDP teacher would know their students and their aspirations in life and can help them form ideas and keep them on the right track through the three months.

My final point on why the TDSP is better, which tacks onto my last point, is that it could encourage kids to pursue something that they love and take charge of their future. With the help of a TDSP teacher, students like me could start to find a calling in life, something that we genuinely enjoy and want to keep doing. That's not something that would happen with students like me if we had no direction.

There are some drawbacks to the TDSP however. The first reason would be it might put more stress on the students in a time where we are supposed to be relaxing from school work to take time for ourselves. The second drawback is that it would put more strain on the school system to pay certain TDSP teachers through the summer, and it would also take precious summer time away from those said TDSP teachers. The third drawback would be that it is catered towards people who are somewhat lazy, restricting the students that are not to a bound path.

It's hard for me to admit that, being one of the students that believes that summer projects are horrible, I still believe that the teacher lead summer project is the best route to go. It keeps students on track with the school, you form a tighter bond with a teacher, and you start to figure out what you want to do on this big blue sphere. Many students will not like it at first, and they wont want to give it the light of day, But they'll cone around. It pains me to say that, even though it would be taking away from my precious summer time, I believe that the Pros of the TDSP out way the cons and that it might just be the solution to our problems.         