We've all had those mornings where you slept through your alarm and woke up to your mom or dad yelling, "Wake up! School starts in 10 minutes!", and you having to throw on the nearest outfit, skip brushing you hair and teeth, and even miss out on eating a good breakfast to make it there on time only to realize you left your homework at home. If this scenario occurs more often than not, I offer a simple solution: online school. Most schools offer online classes so you can enjoy the luxury of a stress free, organized environment of your own home, whilst receiving the same education as your peers.

Going back to our morning routine. Taking online classes would flip that scenario backwards. You would be able to wake up on your own devices, shower, eat a healthy breakfast and not have to worry about getting anywhere on time. You set your own schedule when taking online classes and the only deadlines you have are for your classwork and tests. There's no need to rush when you're already where you need to be.

Working at home can also be very stress relieving. You can set the temperature to whatever you'd like, get snacks when your hungry, take breaks when you need to, and wear (or not wear) anything you want. Attending a physical school takes all those things from you with rules that only benefit the teacher and staff, but when you're at home, you make the rules.

Organization is another aspect that is greatly benefited from taking online school. By not having to bring work back an forth from two different locations, it eliminates that dreadful possibility of losing the work you put so much effort into. With everything being on your computer, it makes organization easier than ever. All your work is kept in all their corresponding subject folders, making everything easy to find, work on, and turn in.

One thing you might be concerned about is the lack of social events such as athletics and other extracurricular activities that would might be involved in at a school. Being part of a team and making that team your family over the years is something I know people value with sports and other group activities, and not having access to that would be upsetting. However, I can assure you that with minimal research and effort you can find a multitude of activities that fit your likes and needs in your community or even a high level club program run by a private organization.

Stress, organization, and time management are all very important things when we are attending school. Your youth and teenage years are always stressful and hectic; and going to a physical school just adds on to that. To be able to make your own schedule, wake up when you feel well rested, and have everything organized in a senseable, maintainable manner, are just some of the main benefits one would obtain from enrolling in an online education.        