Do you think that you should be forced to take part in something that isn't for you? Well I don't think I should be forced to participate in any activities that I don't want to participate in. I should be able to choose whether or not extracurricular activities are for me and what I enjoy to do. There are kids that can't participate in extracurricular activities, kids that don't want to, and kids that are already too busy to participate in activities.

I know plenty of my fellow students that aren't able to participate in extracurricular activities. These students are facing mental and physical disabilities that stop them from being able to participate in activities. There are students that have social anxiety disorder which is going to stop them from being able to engage in anything related to being near people or where they feel like they are being watched. There are students that were born with physical disabilities like missing an arm or they just can't walk by themselves which could stop them from being able to participate in any sport activity. Students also have mental problems like autism or down syndrome so they won't be able to comprehend the activities that they will have to be in.

We as students are still growing up which means we still need to figure out what our thing is. Not everybody wants to play sports, work on yearbooks, and serve on the student council, they just wanna be able to do what they want to do. Some students just want to do nothing. Maybe extracurricular activities are just not they're thing. So we as students should be able to just decide what we want to do with our time whether that be staying in our house all afternoon or go play sports;work on yearbooks;serve on student council.

Some students just aren't able to participate in extracurricular activities. I know a lot of fellow students that participate in sports after school, or even just have things going on at home that are stopping them form being able to participate in activities. Students could be having financial issues which means it's going to be very hard for parents to pay for any of the fees. Especially for sports because you have to buy shoes for that sport, there are fees that you have to pay just to be able to play any sport. Students could also have after school jobs that they have to get to after school ends. Students could even have sick family members they have to take care of or, just little siblings they have to watch.

Us students have plenty of things on in our lives that we have to worry about then extracurricular activities like sports, making yearbooks, and serving on the student council. We should be able to enjoy the things we enjoy or even the things we don't enjoy but still have to do after school.