Driverless cars are a good idea and alot of people will benefit from them. There is one problem though, does this give the people the idea of I can just sit back relax and not pay attention. The car will do everything for me. NO! You still have to know how to function the car and watch out for other cars.

Like what the article said sensors are nothing new and have been around since the 1980's. The technolgy has always been there for example movie players, cameras, GPS. The car companies have probably thought of the idea of hands free driving for a long time. No company had the nerves to do it because they were afraid of some not paying attention and lets say the driveless system stops working and your on your phone and get in a bad car crash. The company would then get sued. The technology has gotten so good these days they are ready to start making these next generation cars. They did put in that the car will watch out for you and go the right speed and take you where you want to but you wil still have to do some little things. The article states "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify teh driver when the road ahead requires human skills." After reading that I would feel pretty confident about getting behind a wheel and letting the car drive for me. I have to admitt that would be pretty cool. I would like to see more people start using them. For istince I have never see one of these cars and I would give it some time for other people to use them just to make sure they are totally safe and I could put my family in one.

The car industry definantly has a bright future ahead of them with all these newer envented cars coming out. Especially this year Tesla is the guinne piq of them all so if things don't go right the other companies can correct the mistake on their own car. It would be cool to drive one in a town or city but I don't know how it would to being on a highway with some driveless people and some actual drivers. It would be hard because if you hit someone in a driverless car is it your fault or do you get mad at the car companie. I think things could really turn into a mess.               