The percent of online learning course will increase for student who feel one on one learning is better. The schools that offering online course from home student should take avenge. It show result for kids who have medical issue or student who day dream during class. Online class will help student with subject they have difficult.

It will explore there learning online or video, it will benefit them more searching their homework or Study guide, and do later work of home school. Online class from home can show progress during class and before.

The benefit distance learning no distract from other student who learning it be one on one. Online course give direction what subject your taking for different days as progress. If student get offer distance learning to school that can help with teacher to. Teacher can email or send PDF from school to student he computer then dont have trip about it mostly teacher send homework from Google classroom and classwork. Student can get feedback from there teacher while there doing work or when finish. Student that use phone at school don't really matter at home if using for music or as tool for studying.

Student will benefit doing work from home because send quizzlet or PDF worksheet that can be sent to teacher by email. If most work was send to Google classroom teacher don't really have to watch them because it be solo activity. Video guide can show step by step what there learning if have problem they search it or send email to peer for help. Even student can online Facetime each other about the assume then clean idea were they stand. Distance learning will show result for student at home from at school is going hard teach other if hard focus around other.

Most student probably agree of online learning will think on there own with out distract student,phone,and having online beef then following it to school. Online course can help teacher out to see their progress and weakness on test and quiz then they can follow up with a assume that can help to understand. Teacher can chat with student one by one on different days of the week to see there progress and how it going for online course. Student that home can eat at anytime while they work so they pick back up what they working on. It easy do make up work when out of town. Student that behind can always send and email or chat online with teacher fir direction.

Student with a disables mind or thought can be much helpful for them. Student that shy or dont get along with other should do distance learning from home. Online course give you more benefit less problem that can happen while taking a course that processing work. Video conferening can talk about the work you done that having problems on. Teacher can explore what having problem on or trick to show the student.