The author claim is that NASA is working on a way to visit venus despite how dangerous it is. They are planning on how they are going to visit Venus wihtout being harmed. In the author claim the reason they thought of "The challenge of Exploring Venus" is to show that even though it could be dangerous to go to Venus but they imagination of Venus makes them want to visit it discover things. The author claim could also be that nothing is impossible because reguardless of how dangerous Venus is Nasa still wants to go and explore it.

In Paragraph 6 it describes how NASA is palnning on visiting Venus despite the dangers . In the text it says , However, perring at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on the ground conditions becausze most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere , rending stand forms of photography and videography ineffective. " This shows that they are still planning to visit Venus despite its dangers .

The text also states how they are trying to visit Venus without being harmed . In paragraph 6 it says " At thirty - plus miles about surface , a vehical hovering oevr Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. " This shows how NASA is pannign the trip but without getting harmed.

" My last author claim is that the author belives that nothing is impossible . Reguardless of how dangerous Venus is for the NASA people to visit they still want to make it possible to go. In paragraph 8 it says , "

Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." This shows how the author claim can be nothing is impossible .

In conclusion the author claim presents how the author is planning how to get to Venus , how to get to Venus without being harmed, and how nothing is impossible.

In my first claim in paragraph 6 Nasa is planning on how to get to Venus. In the text it says " However, perring at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on the ground conditions becausze most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere , rending stand forms of photography and videography ineffective.

This shows how the author claim is proven that they are planning on how to get to Venus . My second author claim that NASA is finding a way they can get to Venus without being harmed is proved in parahraph 6. In the text it says , "" At thirty - plus miles about surface , a vehical hovering oevr Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. " For my last author claim that NASA believes anything is possible is presented in paragraph 8. In the text it says , "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." For these reasons proves my author claims that no matter how dangerous Venus is the author belives it is still worthy to discover.   