Required Essay 2: Phones & Driving

Cell phones have became a necessity of our lives. Research says cell phones are the main factors that causes car accidents. Studies also shows that a cell phone put drivers at a greater risk of a crash. Instead of worrying about the dangers of cell phone usage while driving, people still use their cell phones because they just can't seem to keep their attention off the devices and keep in touch with other people. Although some people support using cell phones while driving, there are many evidences that they are dangerous and people should avoid talking & texting while driving because it isn't safe at all.

According to the National Safety Council, 1.2 million car crashes in 2013 involved drivers talking on the phone, and at least 341,000 involved text messaging. Texting while driving statistics show that using a device while operating your vehicle is becoming life-threatening. Talking or texting while driving or checking your social media posts takes eyes off the road and you lose focus of the road and the task of driving. Since teen lack driving skills and aren't really experienced with driving, cell phone use can be especially deadly for teen drivers.

It's absolutely important to avoid these incidents, you first have to learn to stay off your device. Along with being able to pay better attention to what's in front of you, you'd be less likely to have a crash. In addition to this you should complete any call or text before starting the car. As well as getting directions and try to visualize the destination before starting the car and driving. Furthermore check in with friends or parents only after you've arrived to your destination safely.

Cell phone use behind the wheel shortens brain activity with driving. Typing text messages shortens a driver's ability to direct attention to the road, and react to traffic situations. People shouldn't fully depend on cell phones while they are in their cars because they are not reliable. Therefore, nowadays cell phones are unnecessary devices in your vehicle because you should give your full attention to what's around you. It's safer to use a hands free device so you won't have to reach for your phone, or connect a watch to your phone so all your texts and calls would come through.

In conclusion, if people don't give up cell-phones the number of road fatalities will continue to increase. It is our responsibility to not incur other people's live because of one mistake that could impact someone else greatly.                                     