I believe that driverless cars would be a help to society and the economy. I believe so because with driverless cars, everyone will have the same driving skill as everyone else and we won't have people on the road who are either horrible or a professional at driving. Everyone will drive in the same way which will make it easier to avoid other cars and crate less car accidents and collisions. They also use less gas which will stop people from paying for gas so often and will be able to ride their driverless cars much longer without spending as much money on gas.

With driverless cars and their sensors, they could possibly be more aware about their surroundings than the average person. When people are driving they have blind spots where they can't see who is around them, with the sensors all around the cars, it will be hard to miss any object coming toward or is near the car from any direction or area. With the car being able to see objects, people who are carless or uncarful or are little kids and don't check to see if cars are coming while crossing the road or getting something in the road, could get hurt if not noticed. All people in a car should be aware about their surroundings when driving, but not all people are. Some girls could be doing their make up or texting. Guys could be texting or just being to careless. They are the ones who would hit an oncoming person or kid in the road and possibly killing someone who is married, young and loved by many people. This would cause them to be arrested and have the guilt of killing someone or potentially killing someone. With the driverless car, if someone wasn't paying attention, the car would make up for it by always being attentive and aware. The cars would either stop or move out of the way to make sure nothing happend to the innocent passerby.

Being in a car that does all the work could get a little boring though i'll admit. But, being bored and keeping people safe rather than having fun at the wheel and puting other people in danger is the better way to go. this could also stop people who get disoriented at the wheel as well. Some people either are very sleepy before already driving, get bored while driving and become sleepy, people who are blind and still need a ride, or are even drunk when about to drive. The driveless car can help with these problems as well. It will stop peolpe from going in ditches or hitting other objects. some people are nervous about driving and this could help them alot by not making them drive but still have the ability to go places on their own. With all these helpful actions these cars will do for people, I don't see why it could possibly be a bad idea. 