There should not be a rule that all students must participate in an extracurricular activity. It just dosen't make sense no one should have to do anything especially an extracurricular activity. This is a bad thing for the school because, parents might be on a tight schedule so their students wouldn't be able to go to an extracurricular activity. Which means that the rule wouldn't effect most students at all.

A lot of people have a tight schedule and wouldn't be able to go because there parents have to work. Some kids live to far to walk home from the school so they would have get there parents to drive them home, but there parents can't drive them because they are at work. For example, some parents have to work double shifts or two jobs to make ends meet or the single moms or dads have to be at work so then they can't pick up their students from school.

Most students have other things that they have to go to. Whether it be sports, tutoring or having to go to their jobs (for high school kids) or they could even just be going home because their parents have to take them some where before the extracurricular activities end. They could have to go to all sorts of places after school. Yes, you could just go to the teacher you have that class with for tutoring but, what if you don't like that teacher and want a different way of teaching or you have gone to a specific tutoring place for a long time that you enjoy.

Some Teachers aren't always going to be able to stay after. They could have to go somewhere or they could have a meeting or another thing that would hold them up from being able to stay after for extracurricular activities. This would make it so some students wouldn't have a teacher to stay after with or an activity to do after school. Then the students would think that the teacher that they stay after with won't be there next week or for the rest of the year, and this would create some confusion because then the teachers would be confused on why none of the students are to them for extracurricular activities.

This would not be a succes for the school. This wouldn't work with parents having to pick up their students or their schedule is to tight. It dosen't make sense for the school to make this rule. It can effect the way that kids see after school activities. This can effect some students by making them think that if they go to one extracurricular activite they have to go for the rest of the school year.