What are the advantages of limiting car use? Eventhough cars are a really fast way to get from one place to another there are many other ways for example a train,air plane or boat. There are too many cars on the streets and many crazy drivers. People should stop using cars because cars make greenhouse gas and it's causing the air to be polited. Another advantage for limiting car use is that less people are going to be geting killed because of car axcidents or because of drunck drivers. Also if people stoped driving cars aand tok there bike to work or were ever they go more people would be in shape becuase they would be doing some excersice too.

Too many cars on the steets are poluting the air and thats not good for us because we are cutting down trees and we are going to run out of air to breath at some point if we continue like this. Thats why poeple should stop driving cars and ride a bike to there job or take the train. Also cars make geenhouse gas, cars are responsible for 12 persent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the united states. We are also going to have less death because many people die in car axcidents and becuase of drunk drivers and less kids are going to be getting hurt or killed if there on the street because they dont have to worry about cars hitting them. For example if a kid is playing with a ball and the ball goes to the street the kid is probably going to go get it but he wont get hurt because there are no cars on the streets.

Eventhough cars cause greenhouse gas, air polution and death they are also very help full because if you have to go late at night to get food you have a fast way to get to the market because u have a car right out side your door. Also if something happens to your son in school or if u or someone needs medical attention you have a fast way to take them to the hospital or to get to were they are. But theres a down side if you go out to see what happend to you son in a hurry you probably going to have a car axcident and get seriously hurt or worst. Too many people use too many cars the streets are always crouded with cars at all times and some of these people drive crazy or they try to show of there car by going fast and end up getting killed or killing someone els.

This are some of the advantages of limiting car use less people would die,we would have more air to breath, and there would be less green house gas effect. And i think think that it is a good idea to stop using cars and take your bike to work because you would be helping earth and will be getting some exersice at the same time. And you would also be helping to to save earth and have a better future for you kids. Well this is what i think but what do u think?    