Many places all over the world are starting to become "car-free". This can have a lot of advantages. Air quality will improve, people will save money, and people will have less stress.

A major advantage of reducing the amount of people driving is that the amount of greenhouse gasses emitted from those cars will be reduced. In paragraph 5 of

Source 1:

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

, it is stated that 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe come from passenger cars, with an even greater percent in large cities. If these cities were to stop using cars, the smog surrounding the cities would be able to clear within about a week. If all of the major cities in Europe would limit the use of cars, then the air would be much cleaner. In

Source 3: Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota

, the article talks about how cities in Columbia have had a car-free day for three years in a row. The goal of this day is to reduce the levels of smog throughout the country. It is also to try to get other countries around the world to have a similar day. If every country were to participate, the overall air quality would be able to improve drastically.

Another advantage of becoming car-free is shown in

Source 4: The End of Car Culture

, where it describes that "Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer liscenses as each year goes by." The article also says that in 2005, the number of miles driven in the United States peaked and has gradually lowered since. With less cars being bought, people are saving lots of money they would be spending on repairs, gas, tires, and other things that attribute to the price of a car. Not having to worry about whether or not their car will start when they have to go to work will be able to lower a person's stress. As less people drive from place to place, they will begin to walk or ride a bike to get where they need to go. Many people believe that excercise can also reduce stress which can make people happier and more willing to help others.

Whether it's improving air quality, saving people money, or lowering stress, becoming car-free has many advantages. As less people use cars, more good effects will begin to show.    