The use of Facial Action Coding Systems is valuable. This technology would help teachers and students help understand how their classmates are feeling. The use of this technology would help with the way students learn and could help prevent serious issues with the students.

By using Facial Action Coding Systems it would help students become more engaged in class. In the article by Nick D'Alto he states, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor". By using this new technology it would provide an effective learning way for each individual student. The computer would be able to reconize how each student is feeling then would modify to what helps each indiviual get engaged and learn. This technology would help students get better grades and it would customize to exaclty what helps them get engaged.

This new technology would also help you reconize exactly how each person is feeling. Many people are stuggling through depression or even worse things and they are so afraid to open up. Some people just don't know how to open up to anyone and this technology would help express what each person is feeling. In this article it state, "Most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conves happy, worried, etc" (Nick D' Alto). Eventhough we might think we know how someone feels we never truly know what is going on. This technology could help bring in end to the depression that some students are going through alone.

This technology could also open up ways to reconize if people are lying. Nick D'Alto states, "Faces dont lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isn't being truthful". Being able to reconize how politicians or celebrities are feeling would help open up many truths to the world. For example if a student was to be lying you would be able to tell which could help out a lot in the classroom. Students might find it easy to lie which ends up getting the innocent introuble. This technology would bring an end to that.

The new technology called Facial Action Coding System enables us to identify humans emotions. This new technology would bring many different benefits to the world like helping people with their emotions, being able to reconize if people are lying, and it would help students become more engaged in their learning. Facial Action Coding System is a wonderful idea that should be brought into this world to help us get answers and help those who are going through a lot alone. 