Have you ever asked advice from anyone? How many times have you asked? Asking advice is pretty important if you're one of those people that depend on people to make your decisions. But why should we ask multiple people for advice?

Well lets start off by how advice is important. Advice is a suggestion or recommendation that a person gives to you in order help in your decision-makings. It can affect your life greatly by which choices you make. So that's why it's important to get feedback from multiple people. Once you have gathered information from other people, you can compare other people's responses with others to see what would be good or bad. One example was when I asked my friends which sports I should play. I came up to at least 10 or more of my friends for advice. Then I compared some answers with others. And it seems that a lot of people thought I was good a Basketball. So I tried it out, and it was the perfect sports for me. But still, why should we ask multiple people for advice?

We rely on others everyday in our lives. Either by life choices or just helping people. There are many ways to help people, but we mostly help people with advice. Asking several different people is a great way to get advice. You could ask you parents, friends, uncles, anybody! Recently, I went on a trip to the mountains. I was either deciding if I wanted to ski or snowboard when I got there. Wasn't sure of my decisions, I asked my family members and friends. out of 8, 6 said skiing because it was easy and it was my first time. So I agreed. Opinions can vary when asking many different people. It's good to ask for many different opinions. Otherwise you won't come out with a good outcome. Another example could be during science class. Sometimes you have to try the experiment 50 times in order to make your final outcome or decision.

Why should we ask multiple people for advice? How does it benefit you? As a result of asking many people for their opinion, many people have matured in life making better choices. This benefits us as a person when we grow up to make our own decisions. So that's why advice can really be important in tough choices. So always try to get advice from your peers when you need it.