Many students face the issue of having a disability and do not get the help they need from their schools. This is clearly an issue as schools are not letting these students work to their full potential, and can lead to problems for the students later on in life such as; getting into college or getting a job. Allowing students with certain cases the choice to stay home and learn can be a great way to help them. Giving students with disabilities extra help does not make it unfair for other students; as those with disabilities do not have the natural advantage those students have. The category 'disability' does not just include learning disabilities, it includes those with mental illnesses and physical disabilities along with other medical issues.

Attending classes from home would be a great way to help students who have learning disabilities. People with learning disabilities often need extra help and learning at home is a great way to give them that. Online schooling can provide students with the ability to work at their own pace and allows students to receive one on one assistance from their teachers without taking attention away from the rest of the class. Students can also take extra classes to help if needed without having to worry about taking too much time out of the school day. This can also provide care that makes the students feel no different from their classmates; which is what most students really want.

Another way taking classes from home can benefit students is by helping those with mental illnesses. Most teenagers face the issue of having Anxiety, Depression, or ADHD, and being away from the school while still learning for a temporary amount of time might be a great way to resolve the stress school can cause for those students. Students often feel the most stress from other students, and being away from the crowded classrooms and halls can be a great way for the people to take a break. Having a mental illness can really impact how well the students can do in school. Stress, tiredness, and the in-ability to focus can all affect how well we can perform in school and in social situations, and all of these are some of the most common symptoms a mental illness.

The final way that taking classes at home is for those with physical disabilities such as those in need of a wheel chair or in need of medical care. Allowing the students to stay at home for classes would allow the students to learn without the fear of disrupting the classroom. This would also take the stress away from parents and teachers of a medical emergency occurring at the school that they cannot help. The parents will be able to keep an eye on what goes on through out the day concerning their child. Having medications at school can also be a hassle; having to leave the classroom whenever you need them which causes a disruption to the lesson. Staying at home allows the student to take medications as needed without having to ask to go to the nurse first or, just sneaking medications in classes which can be a medical hazard.

Though some people believe that allowing kids to stay home and do school work is not a great way to handle problems as they may become lazy and not do their work. Taking school classes at home will not benefit some people, though it can help those with different cases and should be available for those who need it. Not every student is the same and will have different needs for social situations and learning. Taking away a method that may help some just because it won't benefit all can damage those minorities chances to succeed.