Wham! Generic_Name hits the ground with a hard slam as everyone in the crowd is shocked at what just happened. In the moment Generic_Name thought to herself, "why did I not listen to them, I should have listened to their advice to practice more instead of slaking off at practice." Generic_Name her instructor, ran over to Generic_Name as fast as he could, and Generic_Name said to him when he reached her, "I should have listened to everyones advice."

The opinions of others can be very helpful in the future. Such as opinions of helping you with something you don't understand. The opinions from others are what shape our personality/lifestyle, this is because opinions are mostly statements of what we need to do correctly or what we need to improve on. For example a man is trying to get better at something but is having a difficult time grasping what he needs, but if someone who understands the skill shares their opinion of how they understood it easier, then the man will most likey have an easier time understanding the concept behind it, and if the man is still having trouble then he can just ask others until he finds a method that suits him. To sum it up the example stated above tells us that if you don't undestand how to do something then just ask and someone will in time help you.

Opinions can also can also change the way you view your lifestyle/everyday routine. Lets say someone finds you eating or drinking something unhealthy, so they decide to express their opinion about how you should properly take care of your body and not eat junkfood because it can lead to medical issues, you could ignore it or you could listen to the harm of what not taking care of your body can do. If you listened then you would most likely stop eating junkfood and find something more healthier to sooth your cravings, so you try to find something, but nothing came to mind, but that's when you remember you have an app that lets you see everyone's opinions in catagories. I don't know why you would go to so much trouble for not even trying peoples opinions on different foods or drinks that are healthy, so lets assume you do try them, so you later get into this habit of eating it so much it turns into a daily routine. Good for you you are now eating healthy food all the time because of other peoples opinions.

Another reason why you should listen to others opinions is because they can help with what you know and don't know. If you use snapchat, intagram, and facebook then you will most likely find an opinion in the first ten seconds that your in the app, this is because the app was designed to share someone's opinions with others. If you look on the app you probably find something new and interesting that could help you in the future whithout you even knowing that you got this skill from an opinion that was off of an app. These opinions are what give you knowledge, for example we started off as caveman but then someone came along and was like,"this is not good enough," and created a fire, then many other world changing opinions were expressed and that led us to this point in time now. To summerize it someone learned off of someone else and then that just kept happening millions of times and is still happening to this day with the ideas on how were going to put humans on Mars.

In conclusion opinions of others can help with many problems that you are facing, can help with living healthier and better, and opinions can even help you get smarter through someone else's mistakes.