The process of chosing a president should be chaged to popular vote instead of the electoral college. I say this because it is a better opportnuity for the guy who has the most votes to win. Having the votes by popular votes can make it eaiser for the election of the president. also the electoral votes can really mess up how the elctaion is taking place. it can make them mest up there counting of the votes or how the votes go through.

The electoral college can make a hard impact on how the voting process begins with. The electoral college can confuse the voter by making them chose the wrong person. In the text "The Indefensible Electoral College" the author is stating margin 10 lines 11-13 that " do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? Sometimes." this is showing how just using the electoral college can easily confuse those who are voting. Also in many occouins occured when the electoral college didnt suceesed right. in the passge " The Indefenseible Electoral College" the author states in margin 11 lines 2-4 that " The american people should consider themselves lucky that 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse." This is showing how the electoral college alomost cost a big mistake in the election.

The electoral college is not consider a democratic syestem. thats why many people go agianst it because its not equaly fair to those who are democratic. IN the passge " In Defense of the Electoral College" the writer states in margin 15 and in lines 4-5 that " the advocates of this postion is correct in arguing that the Electoral College method is not democratic in a modern sense..." This is showing that not all of it is fairly equal. So instead of using the electoral college it is a better method to go with popular vote becuase it a simplier way to do it. Establishing this will rapdily take on more votes then it would be a close race agianst both of the presidents. Chosing a president with the Electoral College can make the electation go bad, so thats why having people vote who they want would be a more fair chance for those who are voting.

It comes out that the Electoral College is a siginficient way to do a vote on. the more imporant way to do a voting should be a popular vote because it gives the presidents a better chance to have the elecations on a good pace. instead of many votes go through then have to be checked on by state. So the electoral college should be elimatited and the popular vote should go in its place of how we vote.                       