Dear State Senator,

The Electoral College is a process of selecting electors to vote for the president. The Electoral College has both its pros and cons, many reasons for it to stay or be abolished. However, it has more reason to stay rather than changing to election by popular vote for the President.  The wnning canidate for U.S President should be who's the best rather rather than who's more popular. The Electoral College may not be the most democratic method but, it does create a sense of balance. The Electoral College has equal tran-regional appeal, and garuntees an outcome. Therfore, the Electoral College should not be abolished.

The Electoral College garuntees an outcome. With popular voting and a tie could occur. As, Souce 3; "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised methaod of choosing the President" informs "The reason is that the winning canidate's share of the Electoral College invariable exceeds his share of the popular vote."(18). So the losing canidate could argue that winner isn't who the people want however, it's the political party members who chose the electors. In, Source 1; "What is the Electoral College?", it states that "Each canidate ruinning for President in your state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen by the canidate's political party..." Therefore, there is no mystery or deciet, each party knows their electors and canidates so the people are the ones who indirectly chose the winner. As a result, the Electoral College promises an undebatabe outcome.

Also,the Electoral College doesn't have any prejudice based on region or location. "The Electoral College requires to have a trans-regional appeal." (sorce 3).  Therefore, a canidate has to campiaign in all regions, withought just focusing on just one. So every region has an equal oppurtunity and knowledge to be able to vote. Also this way there's a less chance of "The residents of other reions to feel disenfranchised-to feel that their votes do not count, that the new president will have no regard for their interest, that he really isn't their president."(19). That feeling of equality and "my opinion matters" is exactly what America is about and this aspect of the Electoral College captures that beautifully.

In conclusion, the Electoral college may not be the most democratic way of voting however, it is quite fair.  If we only had popular voting canidates would possible just focuse on one are to build a strong support base. This would'nt give every region or person a fair chance and strong word, which is against everything America stands for. Equality is one of the major virtues of America and the Electoral College expresses equality through balance more so than popular vote. The Electoral College garuntees a certaint outcome without debates or tie breakers. It allows every region to have a fair chance in the election by making sure they are well informed and included through the recquirment of trans-regional appeal. For these reasons the Electoral College should not be abolished and changed to popular vote for United States of America.    