Have you ever struggled and needed help? What did you do to fix your problem? Asking your friends is a good option but a lot of times it's not good enough to just ask one person. When seeking out for advice, it is beneficial to talk to more than one person because it eliminates or decreases bias, you get multiple opinions from different perspectives, and you can find the most effective option to fit your own needs.

Many people have their own ways to solve certain problems and therefore have their own opinions on how to solve the task at hand. When you ask more than one person for advice, you can see what has worked for certain people and apply the different strategies to your own problem. Everyone needs some advice including players in the National Hockey League or in any other professional sport. Athletes always get advice from many coaches and each coach has their own style. Athletes then use the advice to see what is most beneficial. Asking for more than one person for advice won't guarantee that your problem will be solved, but the probability of success if substantially higher because you have other people's experiences to get you closer to your solution.

On my hockey team I am currently assistant captain and sometime my teammates come to me for help. For example, one of my teammates asks me what he needs to do when he below the goal line. I always give him my opinion, but i always suggest that he also asks for another opinion. Because we are not the same, my strategies won't necessarily work for him. When we start playing our games, he can try out the different strategies and see what is most effective. Now he is able to adjust and use the most effective solution to get his way out of the problem

Lastly, Asking multiple people is great because you can find the most effective option. I applied to three private schools and you had to write an essay for all three schools. When I was down at Texas, I was proof-reading one of my essays and was getting ready to turn it in. My mom and I were already proofreading but we chose to get multiple opinions on my essay. We ended up getting my aunt and my older cousin to help produce the best final copy of my essay. We were all collaborating and talking to make sure we all agreed on the errors and the best way to fix each problem. Even though I had my own ways of fixing it, it was not the most clear and concise way. The final product ended up very good and I ended up getting in to all three of the schools. This showed that getting multiple opinions on a certain task can lead to the best product or solution.

Getting multiple opinions is helpful because it eliminates or decreases bias leading to a overall better product or solution. Even professionals such as book authors need people to constantly check over their work and to give them feed back on their stories. Everyone needs help here or there along their lives, but all you have to do is ask. Getting multiple opinions will help eliminate or decrease bias, you get multiple opinions from different perspectives, and you can find the best most effective option.