Some schools give out the option of attending classes from home. Instead of going to school, students learn their subjects online or through video conferencing. Even though this method of learning is not as popular, it is more effective for students. I know students would benefit from being able to take online classes at home.

First, being at home is better than being in a stuffy learning facility. Multiple studies have proven that students learn better when given time outside away from the iridescent lights and circulated air. When students are crammed in a building with different people for hours, it tends to get harder to focus from distractions, some people get tense, and others might get antsy from boredom or anxiety. When at home, you do not have to be with multiple people in a boxy building, sitting, for hours; you can go outside and breathe fresh air if you want. You can choose where you want to do your work as long as there is internet access around, like in your bedroom. Being at home is all around more comfortable and when people are comfortable, they tend to excel better at what they are doing.

Second, in a school there are hundreds, and in some cases maybe even thousands, of people you may not know; there are regulations that some may find annoying and restricting, but when at home, you are most likely in a space that you know and feel comfortable in. You are around familiar faces that do not intimidate you, so the chances of peer pressure are slim. You do not have to be afraid of wearing headphones or failing because of the stress teachers give when expecting students to finish stacks of work in one class sitting. Instead, you can wear whatever you want and classes are most likely on a schedule that work for you. Since you are at ease, it is easier to focus on what needs to get done and succeed at the curriculum.

Some may say, that people who attend classes from home, will slack off and not learn anything. This is because there are not as many authoritative figures around to execute and remind these students of what is to be done. However, the students who do their schooling online are in a better and comfortable learning environment. Therefore, making it easier to learn and complete the necessary assignments vital to their subjects.

In conclusion, attending classes online is given by some schools and includes online work or video conferences. The online schooling is more supplemental toward students and their learning because they do not have to deal with detrimental factors that can slow down learning such as: peer pressure, strangers, unknown or uncomfortable learning environments, stressful teachers, or strict rules. Online schooling is an all around better learning environment and will benefit students. All schools should give out the option of attending classes online.    