Can Cell Phones Be Used While Driving?

Many people today think using cell phones while driving are good ideas. When phones are being used in the process of driving you have a higher chance of causing an accident in the road. Some may also say that having your phone out helps you multitask things at once in a car so it would be a good thing. They would say you could send documents off if your late to work, if you need to order a gift for a person or even call someone to pick up something for you at home. Using a cell phone is widely considered dangerous due to its potential for causing distracted driving and crashing. Many people argue and say driving while using a hands-free device is not safer than using a handheld phone. In the U.S. the amount of car crashes due to distracted driving is increasing. Today I will be talking about how it is not a good idea to drive and text.

In this paragraph I will be discussing why it is bad to text and drive. When driving sometimes it is difficult to focus on the road. Using a phone while driving decreases the awareness on the road which leads to more car crashes. People will notice when you are on your phone and try to drive ahead of you just in case something might end up happening. Having kids in the car and you are on the phone talking is a big risk to you and the kids. The drivers on their phones will be paying more attention the person their talking or texting instead of the road.

When driving you have three distinct groups. The first one is visual distraction it involves taking your eyes off the road even if your looking at a GPS system or trying to check a child's seatbelt. The next one would be manual distraction it involves you taking your hands off the wheel. It happens when you are searching for something in a bag or trying to eat something. The last is cognitive distractions it happens when you are not mentally focused on the purpose of driving and instead everything else is important to you and the road is not.

There are associations that work towards getting people to drive more safer on the road. The AAA (American Automobile Association) says that the older they are the less likely they are to get in a crash. However, those drivers under the ager of 24 are in a higher risk of an accident because their minds are still being developed into the adult stage. Parents are losing their children because of phones being used on the road. Save a child's life and stop the use of texting while driving.

In this conclusion having a phone while driving is dangerous and reckless. Always worry about your life first before you even think about touching your phone. Help stop deaths and save life's so children can go home and see their parents. Getting home to an family safe and sound is a better feeling than losing your life to an electronic device.      