In 1976 NASA scientists took a picture of a landform on Mars. Many people thought it looked like a human face. Some other people knew that it was just a landform that was common on Mars. I am here to tell you that is was just a natural landform. NASA has evidence that will backup this statement. In the following paragraphs I will tell you about the evidence, the camera technology, and how the media affected the responds of people.

Many people will argue that the mesa on Mars is a face. Although it may look like a face, it isn't. In paragraph 1 it says, "Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common around Cydonia..." This quote tells us that the scientists were used to seeing these large landforms around the region. NASA wouldn't release these images if they thought aliens were involved. The object you see in the picture is simply a landform with shadows in just the right spot.

Back in 1976, the camera technology wasn't great. Many of the cameras had large pixles that made the pictures blury. In paragraph 10 it says, "Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo." This quote proves that the camera technology has improved greatly. Some conspiracy theorists aruge that even though the picture was not at high resolution, you can still see a face. This may be true,but you can also clearly see the shadows that made it look like a face.

The media had a significant impact on the Mars event. In paragraph 5 it says, "It has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows...and grocery store checkout lanes for 25 years." This shows that the media has made people believe that there is a face on Mars.

After going back and taking a picture of the face years after the original photo was taken, you can no longer see the face. In paragraph 10 it says, "Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution." This goes onto prove that NASA was right the whole time about the "Face" on Mars. This statement also shows that NASA was working on this mystery too.

After looking at all the evidence and photos you can clearly see that the "Face" on Mars is just a landform. If you think there is life on Mars, think again. The face has entertained many people for years, so it is nice to finally put this mystery behind us.