Have you ever wondered about space and all of the mysterious things in space? It? a crazy topic with many mystery?. A big idea is that a face has been put on Mars from another life form. It? a rediculous thought with many people such as me shaking their heads at the crazy theroy. There is no way the another life form could put this face on Mars. It? just a cool natural landform that ironicly looks like a face.

Their are many different planets with many different natural landforms on them. Mars just happens to have one of the most interesting natrual landforms however. The face as people call it, is a huge rock formation that gives us an illusion of a face. Humans have claimed that Aliens have put this massive rock formation on there, but from a scientific side their is not a single piece of evidence suggesting that Aliens are real.

Yes, the face is quite mysterious, but their are plenty of queer landforms on every planet. The media is a place that has taken ¨The Face¨ and it has made it out to seem like Aliens have made it to scare us. I can understand why one who has no sceintific background might believe this, but these landforms can occur any where on any planet over a peroid of time.

As a scientist if you belive something you try and prove it. With the discovery of the face and people skeptic of the aliens scientist? launched a spacecraft into space to see if it could find anything. Nothing. No housing systems, no monuments, no building structures of any sorts, and most importantly no life of any sorts. Mars has harsh living conditions so to find any sort of life would be crazy enough, especially aliens!

The face is just another one of those amazing natural landforms that space has given us. It amazes me and others what things can happen in space. There are for sure no Aliens in space, however. All of the evidence proves to the fact that there is nothing on Mars or in space that could build something. Who knows maybe in a million of years space could amaze us even more with another landform similar to ¨The Face¨. I can assure you and the public that ¨The Face¨ was just another marvelous wonder of a natural landform no evidense of anything like aliens. Space is a crazy wonder that has many things to dicover.