Many studnets use computers in class but ther is also a large portion that do not on a day to day basiss. The thought of computers being able to read expressions is pretty fasinating, however seem unnessisary. Like hummans computers make mistakes; the Facial Action Coding System could inaccutartly change a lesson plan, missread an expression,

or not pick up an expression .

At school students do get bored, but the teacher does not change the lesson plan so why should the computer. All the evidence is a prediction with no hard evidience backing it; "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, Dr. Huang predicts". In class students ask questions or go to a teacher when they do not get it so a computer would not be much of a help unless it was for kids who did online school and did not have a teacher helping them through the lessons.

Most students are not nessisarly excited about school so they quite regularly wear a bored expression throughout the day. Not to mention "each expression is compared against a neutral face (showing no expression)". Some kids just do not show emotion especialy older kids who just want to get what needs to be done finished. What if a kid is genuinly confussed and the computre missreads the expression. that could either cause more confussion as the lesson goes on or make the lesson too easy.

Computers make errors all the time they are no where near perfection. What if the computer does not have the sennsors to pick up expression. It is not like every school or home schooled student is going to go out and buy a computer that can do the same thing a parent or teacher can do. This invention "stores similar anatomical information as electronic code". The Facial Action Coding System is amazing to show expressions in art work, but not for students.

While coputres do aid us at many things there are somethings that should just be left to us to do. Students get confused and bored by many things but that can all be fixed by a little bit of help. If the student is really that confused then maybe that program is not for them. As well as if the student does not show emtion while doing work on the computer. It is a neat idea but it should not be brought into the classroom. Its more trouble than what it is worth.          