When asking for you people may ask more than one person because, if multiple people are asked the same question, and everyone has the same, or similar answers then, the person seeking advice is less likely to be wrong on the decision they need advice on. If when you ask multiple people for advice and everyone gives you a different answer then you have options, and even tho, the more options you have, the grater your chance of being wrong about what you need advice for is, it gives you the final voice in the subject on whose advice to take. You may now be thinking that you having the final voice in the decision defeats the purpose of advice, but it doesnt. When you have the final voice in a decision you then have to way your options very carefully, and you actually grow smarter and learn from the decision made, as oppose to just going along with whatever everyone else dose.

For example if you are going to college and twelve elite colleges have accepted your application, then which one to go to. So now your stuck on which school to go to, there all really good schools to go to and all have a great department for what you want to major and minor in so which one?

You eventually decide to ask some of your friends and they all say that elite school number one is the best and you should definitely go to that one, and you were already on the verge of going to elite school number one so why not, but just to be sure that elite school number one is the best school you ask your family. All your direct family thinks it's best to go to elite school number two. so now you have a choice between the two best schools in America. You decide to gather more data and then realize that you havent considered what you want, you have been thinking about what other people would do and you promptly pick elite school number two and learn that you need to consider your self two and learn your lesson. from that example it shows what would be going through a senior's mind when they pick there school, and proves how you can learn when a decision isnt given

As I have proven seeking multiple is opinions mostly a good thing and normally leads to the best possible outcome. While relying on other people to help you with a decision is OK other people can't make decisions for you. Sometimes going with the crowd can be a good thing, it can also be bad so your own opinion needs to be seen too.

when you have multiple choices your own opinion matters even more than, opposing the crowd. If you ever need advice it is always good to get more than one persons opinion on a matter especially if it is important. That is why people ask multiple people for advice.