I am wondering, why is this even happening? The principal is making a huge decision. Every student must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I disagree with the principal's decision to do this. There can be negative consequences with it. I think students should not have to participate because things would be complicated, the students may not have the activity they wanted, and it wastes more of students' free time.

I think students should not have to participate because things would be complicated. First, it makes slightly more work for the teachers. The extracurricular teachers would have an unpleasant time checking for students like a regular class would. Second, there could be a problem with some students. Since all students have an extracurricular activity, some won't even bother to do it, and they might mess around in that activity. Third, there would be more unnecessary trouble with that. It's not right to give out detentions to students who don't want to participate in something extra. Things could go wrong if all of the school's students have to join, but what about the activities?

I think students should not have to participate because the students may not have the activity they wanted. To start with, that already happened with electives. We don't want another thing similar to happen, so one is enough. Next, there would be students who are going to complain. There shouldn't be a school where the students give negative comments about extracurricular activities. Lastly, the amount of students that are not satisfied makes the activities look like a joke. What's the point of extracurricular activities when unsatified students are forced to participate in it? When all students are in an extracurricular activity, there are always some, or most, who don't get their wanted activities.

From the principal's point of view, I can understand that students should not be lazy. To prove that, students should be participating in extracurricular activities because they may have nothing to do but play their games. However, that only consumes more of students' free time. To support it, assignments and homework are known to take up a huge chunk of time. They have already been a problem, so why add another conflict that students have to worry about? Students could be using free time to finish their assignments and homework instead of the extracurricular activities they have to do.

This is why students shouldn't be required to join in extracurricular activities. Three main negative consequences can go along with that. Stuff would get more complex, the students may not have their desired activity, and it takes most of the students' break time. After all the details and examples that I have gave, I am able to say that extracurricular activities should be optional for students.