Is it possible to make a driverless car the garuntees one hundred percent safetey for the passengers?

The peoples focus should not be on driverless cars. The idea of a car being able to drive around with us having no control over it should greatly scare everyone. There is no telling if the car will malfunction, breakdown, or have any other problems only a dirver could recongize. We will have control over the vehical, but if any problems occur with it it will still be our fault. A car that could drive itself can cuase many hazardous problems for anyone around it, or possibly boring for the people in it.

There are laws that are meant to keep people who are allowed to drive cars safe. "Most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passnegers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers," says the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming." This quote is saying that drivers who are more alert are lesser prone to accidents, and breaking drivng laws. How can a driver be alert if cars drive themsleves in the future? "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. As a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars." It is true that in most states it illegal to test drive cars for safety reasons and concerns. These states are trying to keep the people safe, and do so by not allowing self-driven cars. There are facts that prove that selfdriven cars are not a bad idea, and people have been working on imorving them for years.

Some people are really looking forward into the future where there are driverless cars. Google has been working since 2009 to create such a car that would change the world. Google has been testing out such cars to see what they can do to improve them. "Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash," accordining to the article 'Driverless Cars Are Coming.' They have even packed the car with sensors to help detect problems. Other companies are also in the race to create the first working driverless car, and some have seen very good success rates. There are others who have seen the negative side of having these cars around.

Now, the driverless cars sound easy to work. People can just lay back and enjoy a peaceful ride. The truth is that that is not completly correct. The article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" states, "The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." That means we still have to be in alert for situations the car can not handle. Who would want to sit in a car having to stare at the road, but not do anything to enjoy the ride? Nobody should have to be subjected to that. These new driverless cars do not sound very dirverless or fun to be in.

Cars that can drive themsleves don't sound very safe, or even fun to be in. These cars have been worked on for many years now, and there is no telling when one will be finished. Most states have already passed laws fobidding to even test these cars. So, why should the people be allowed to even drive one? There is a good reason behind this; it is becasue they want to keep us safe. These cars could have problems that we can not detect becasue we are not in control of them.

We should carefully evalutae these cars before we ever decided to get into one.