Dear Senator

I have been burdened with the fact that our nation's president is not decided by us but rather by a slate of electors who we vote for. I sincerely feel this is unfair to the people of the U.S.There are many reasons to be against this its hard to choose, but I'll give you my three best ones. The slate of electors could change their political views, the decision for our president is not decided by us instead by other people and their views ,but most of all its unfair to most states because the candidates only worry about the swing states.

To begin with the slate of electors we choose could change their political views. In the world we live in nothing is certain so if we choose a slate of electors whats stoping them from changeing their view on politics. This problem makes it harder to choose a slate of electors because you are putting your trust in them to represent you, and they can change their views. However if the people got to decide their views would be represented by themselves so at least they know their vote counts and it wont be changed. This also takes away the worry of their vote changeing because they themselves voted. And this in the end will give you the president that most people need. So this is one potent reason to abolish the electoral college.

Moreover the president being decided by thers and their views is another significant reason to end the electoral college. This country was made to be a nation made by the people,for the people,and by the people.

So if our vote is decided by others that aspect is destroyed. Also if there is a tie in the electoral college the house of representatives decides who is president. The decision will be made by the house of representatives views on politics so you are giving them more power than the people. So the electoral college should be destroyed and the people should decide the outcome. This will let the voice of the people to be heard.

Last but not least most states wont ever even see the candidates  because they mainly focus on the swing sates. This means that most states wont see the candidates. And if the electoral college is abolished people wont feel left out and they will know that their vote mattered. This will make people feel like their still part of the nation and that their not left out. Also the candidates foccusing on the swing states truly isn't fair to the states with little votes in the college. And that is why the electoral college should be destroyed. And then after this is done the non swing states will feel important.

To conclude I sincerely feel the electoral is unfair to the people of the U.S. There are many reasons to be against this it was  hard to choose, but I gave you my three best ones. The slate of electors could change their political views, the decision for our president is not decided by us instead by other people and their views ,but most of all its unfair to most states because the candidates only worry about the swing states.            