In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author talks about how intersting studying Venus is although it might have some dangers. The author does a very well job supporting this claim. He tells us how Venus is like Earth, how unique it is, and how there is a lot more to be discovered.

In paragraph 2 of this article the author talks about how Earth's and Venus's relationship. In the article it says "Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." Venus is not that far away but yet there is alot that we do not know about it. What we do know is that Venus still has a lot of cool features that Earth has. In the article it says "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." this is why studying Venus is worth it beacuse you get to find all these connections with our planet.

"Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though Mercury is closer to our sun," this one of many reasons why its so hard to study Venus. But it is also something that makes it unique. since Venus has a thick atmsphere of 97% carbon dioxide and clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid it is hard to land spacecrafts on it. Venus's unique atmsphere is what makes it challenging to discover more about Venus.

The author also talks about how there is alot more to be discovered on venus. In paragraph 6 it talks about how many things that we are doing is not enough to really see what is on venus. The aurthors says "researchers cannot take samples of rock,gas,or anything else, from distance." This shows that we really can not do anything until we can actually get on the planet. Untill then there will be a lot of unknown things about the planet Venus.

In conclusion, the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," did have a lot of evidence to back up his claim that although studying venus comes with dangers it is something that you should do.    