Cars have been used as the main means of transportation for a long time now, but just because we have counted on it for such a long time doesnt mean there are not better ways. There are a ton of advatages for limiting car usage. Lower emissions, conserving resources, and it make us more healthier are just some of the reaons ways that limiting car usage will improve our daily lifestyles.

To begin with, one of the advantages of limting car usage is improved emissions. Today cities all around are poisioning people with toxic air, cars being the main contributers. But it doesnt have to be this way, some cities are doing things to change. In Paris, after days of near-record pollution, the city enforced a partial driving ban to clear up the global city. Also in Bogota, Columbia has made a difference by incorporating a yearly Day Without Cars. One day out of the entire year is not going to clear up the global air quality but it does opens peoples eyes up to alternative ways of getting around without the use of cars. A businessman even reported that it is a good opportunity to take aways stresses. For the first time, two other Columbian cities have joined in on the event. All of this just proves that cars arent the only way.

In addition to lowering emissions, another advantage of limiting car usage is it would conserve resources. Think about how many cars are in the world. THERE ARE ALOT! So every car in the world uses resources to keep it running, even electric and hybrid cars eventhough they are a great alternative. But most use fossil fuels. The world doesnt have a unlimited supply of fossil fuels. It took millions of years t make the gas we put in our cars. So eventually we will run out and when we do it will take a very long time to get it back. Also think about the generation of people after us. What will we leave behind for them?

Lastly, limiting the use of cars will improve our heath. Before the invention of cars most of the population who walk. Eventhough it would take longer to get from place to place it will benifit use also. American, sadly, is probally the laziest county in the world. You rarely see people walking or riding a bike to and form work on a daily basis eventhough in real busy cities you probally would get to and from work faster cause you wouldnt have to wait in the morning or evening rush hour. Its also ceeper than using your cars, you are going to spend a rediculous amount of money on gas in a year, so think it will help the environment and your wallet.

A study last year has showed that driving by young people has decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. Maybe we are the generation to make the change to other ways of getting around, advantages being lower emissions, conservation of resources, and a healthier you. So just remember the next time you have ot go to the store, just take a bike.    