Dear Mr. Generic_Name

Have you ever got a project and struggled with it so much because it was a certain part you didnt understand about the project? And you just thought to yourself "if i could of picked what i had to do for my project i wouldnt struggle with none of the project i would get a good grade!". If students could pick their own projects it would be creativity! Some schools are requiring students to complete a summer project over break, that way they can still learn while on break. However, they cant decide whether they want the summer project to be teacher design or student design. The summer project would be a better understanding for the students if it were to be student design. This way would be giving the teachers an understanding of how their students think on their own, And this is giving the teachers a way to help the students pass their class by letting them do something they enjoy and desire to do, Also letting the students decide what they would want to do for their summer project would encourage a lot of students to actually do the project!

Its important for teachers to know what their students enjoy during far as learning actives for school. If students had a chance to design their own project it would show teachers their learning desires When i say that Im talking about what type of strategies students use to study for their tests, what actives do they prefer to do for a classwork grade, etc. This way teachers can figure out what would make more of their students pay attention during the lesson. Some students struggle so much because they dont understand certain things in school because of the way it is being taught to them. If students were allow to design their summer project it would give teachers a way to help their students be successful and pass their class. Teachers would have a much more understanding once they see how they prefer to do the work that they are being graded for.

Teachers need to see the best way they can get their students to enjoy their class. It is important for the students to be engage in the class. For an example you are not going to pay attention to something that does not interest you. If the teacher knew what type of stuff interest the students they would know what type of stuff they would need bring to bring up when they are trying to teach the students. A lot of students fall asleep in class often because they are not engaged in the lesson. Letting the students design their own summer project could not only be a good thing the students but also a good thing the teachers. So many kids would learn so much just by paying attention because the teacher now has a better understanding on how to go about the lesson. Now a days students are receiving homework and not returning the homework in for their grade, and i know exactly why its tactics. Kids dont like paper pencil work, they much rather use the computer. For insist say i were a teacher and i were to say,

"OK class go home and in your notebook copy twenty of the vocabulary words down with the definitions. Fifty percent of the students would not complete that assignment. However if i were to say

"Class i want you to download this flash cards app on your phone or computer and design your own flash cards and show me once your done so i can give you the grade for that assignment". Ninety percent of the students would complete that flash card app assignment. Because kids are interest in stuff you make fun for them to do and things that they are exciting for them!

If teachers are granted to design the summer project most likely most students arent going to complete the project. Its not that students dont enjoy learning or completing their work, its simply that students struggle doing things they have no interest in. Its the teacher job to teach the students and make it interesting for them. If students were granted to design their summer project, It would encourage a lot of students to actually complete their project over the summer. When your teacher gives you an opportunity to express yourself and allow to receive a grade for it. That means a lot to most students. To some students teachers dont care enough to actually encourage students to engage with lessons. Being that students would have a chance to express their selves by completing a project would encourage the student to enjoy the lessons, the classwork, the homework,

projects, and so on in that class.

If the summer project were to be student designed it would give teachers a better understanding on their students, Also it would teach teachers some ways to help students be engaged during the lessons,And it would definitely encourage more students to complete their projects in the future. Thank you for taking the time out your day to read my letter, I know my daughter will understand your decisions .

Sincerely ,

Generic_Name                             