Some schools are required to assign assignments to their students to do a summer project during their summer break, but I believe that students should'nt be required to have summer projects. And I also believe that student should have a student-designed say in this because it's their choice based on if they would rather have summer assignments or not. I get it teachers want students to have summer assignments so that they're still learning but if students have assignments during their time off is that even summer break if students still have to do work during thier break.

One reason why I believe that students should'nt have summer projects is because it is summer and student just want to enjoy their break and have fun. Student should have a say in this is because it's their choice if they would like to do summer projects or just enjoy and relax. I think most student would rather pick having fun and relaxing over summer projects, because for nine months students are going at least to 7 classes for nine months and learning new things, also doing projects, homework, classwork and more. If students had to have a vote for summer assignments or having a summer break without any summer projects, the majority of the students would pick summer break without any summer projects.

Another reason why I believe students should design summer projects is because some students might get overwhelmed and very stressed out. School can be really stressful especially if you're failing some of your classes and getting a lot of work. Another reason why I think school is stressful is because you have seven classes and most teachers asign assignments to their students, this can be stressful for students because they have a lot of work to finish and some assignment are due the next or next class and they have to think about their other class assignments. Most students have a job and they won't have time to their summer assignment or they either went to vaction because summer time is about relaxing and having no worries, it should be a stress free summer. Summer is a time to enjoy while there is no school or no work assignments, summer break is a time to spend time with family and go to fun places and explore new things and places, not just doing school work while it is summer break.

The final reason why I believe that student should have a say in summer project is because students should have a good time off. Students should'nt have summer projects because some students might go to summer school and have to do more work on top of summer projects, while they're doing summer school work , it could lead to some students not doing the summer project because summer school is too much stress for them. When student are in school they aren't really going on vaction or they aren't going out as much having fun because of school. The majority of the student don't want to miss school because if they miss school for a day it can back up them up from learning and not knowing anything that is going on in class. And summer break is about going out on vaction and exploring new things and adventure's, also not having to worry what time they have to be home for school or doing any assignment because it is summer break they should be able to enjoy it until school starts again. The majority of students don't go out on school day or during the weekends because they're either busy, working or just don't have time, that's why we have summer break so that we can relax and have fun and not worry about summer assignments.

In conclusion these are the three main reasons as to why I believe that students should be students should not be assigned summer projects , so that they can enjoy their summer vaction off and being stress free until school starts again, I also believe that all students and staff should have off so that they all get a break and time off to relax and have family time. 