Generic_Name

Ms. Generic_Name

March 10 2020

Why More Opinions on a Topic Make a Better Choice

When you make a decision, you want to make the most people happy possible. So why would you only ask one person? You should ask a lot of people, because it can help you make the best choice possible, It can help better the chances of making more people happy, and it gives you a better source of knowledge.

When making a decision, you want to make the best choice. That is what anyone making a decision would try to do. But it is hard to make the best choice when only choosing one person to talk to. If you talk to one person, then you only make the choice on what one person wants, and everyone else that the choice is affecting may not like the decision that was made. So when making a decision ask more than one person, in fact ask a lot of people so you can make a decision that the majority or even all of the people involved will like.

Asking more people what to do will make so many more people happy. When you talk to just one or two people, they cant give you an accurate result of what other people are going to want, everyone else doesnt want just one or two people deciding their fate. They would feel more safe with the decision if everyone was asked so the decider could find the best thing to do, and make the right decision for everyone. One person should not be in control in the outcome of the choice. Which is another reason why asking more people what to do is a good choice.

Your source is so more reliable when you ask a lot of people. When you ask one person they are deciding what is best for themselves, rather than what is best for more people. But when you ask a large ammount of people, they can help you decide what is the best choice for everyone, and not just for one person. That makes the group of people a very reliable source to base your decision off of.

The most reliable source of knowledge, making the most people happy, and making the best overall decision. These are three reasons why asking a lot of people for their opinions is better than using one person. So why would someone just ask one person for their opinion? I have no idea, but I do know that asking more people is the best option for everyone. If you are faced with a hard decision now or in the future, just remember that it is always better to ask for a lot of peoples opinions on the choice, rather than just one or two people.