Although the year is 2016 and we were promised hoverboards, flying cars, automatic tieing shoes, and self fitting jackets by 2015, we arent exactly falling behind in the race of technology. With driverless cars we are one step closer to a much safer, and easier driving experience. In the not to distant future we wont have to make dad stay awake the whole drive to Disney world just to make it there on time. We no longer will have to hop in our vehicles when we are moving and have to go back and forth and back and forth from our old home to the new. Instead all that will be required of us is to pack the car full of items and ship out the car and have someone ready to unload it.

And watch out BP! With the new driverless cars we will being making half as many stops for gas than we have ever had to before! Last, but most definatly not least important is your safety. In the new smart driverless cars accedents are surely to drop a hefty percent. Keep your eyes on the horrizon, or close them and take a nap while the the car takes the wheel.

Everyone can relate to those long hauls to out of state, whether it be for vacation, visiting relatives, or work. The most memorable part, for myself at least, was wondering where we were going to stop and sleep, or if dad was going to just keep on driving. That will be something of the past in the not so distant future. As of now the cars we have can drive on there own.. Most of the time. There are still some trouble spots such as traffic jams, work zones, and accidents. In the previously stated mishaps the current versions of the cars will promptly alert the driver that there may be an upcoming event in which they will have to intervene.

Gas in the surrounding area currently is sitting around $2.75. From what I know the average car can hold somewhere around 30 gallons of gas. Lets say you fill up your tank and ride until its empty and then fill it up again, and lets also say that it takes you about a week to empty your tank. So on monday you fill it up for around $82.50. Come next weeks monday you need to fill up for another $82.50. In a span of two weeks you have spent $165.00. There are about 4 weeks in a month so that will be $330.00 a month. But you dont just drive your car for a month, so for a year you will be paying roughly $3960 a year! In the new driverless cars they can take that almost $4000 and cut it down to around $2000 since with the technology in the new cars you will be stopping in at a gas station about half as many times as you would be if you were driving in one of the old cars.

The complany Google has sent out a fleet of driverless cars already (with drivers in them ready to take the wheel at any given moment.) to help further the progress towards these great machines. They have driven around half a million miles (500,000 miles!) and are yet to crash. Google´s Toyota Prius is modified with position-estimating sensores on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. With this massive combonation of the latest technology we can say goodbye to blindspots for good!

Safety, luxery, money. All three of those are what the new smart driverless cars are offereing. It is almost our duty to open our arms to the advance of this technology. With Google at the helm of the team that will bring us the cars we need and deserve, they will be in the news quite soon.