Dear State Senator,

I believe that the electoral college works and that its a problem solver. Since our electoral college was established by our founding fathers, according to the article,

"what is the electoral college?

" Since the electoral college consists of 538 possible Electoral votes, i believe that the majority being at 270 electoral votes  is more than enough to being able to decide our United States President. The best the thing about to the electoral votes is that it has a certanty of an outcome, according to the article, "

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our method of choosing the President

" by: Richard A. Posner, which also states that another thing thats good about the electoral college is that it avoids having run-off elections. As said in this aricle this means that it "avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate receives a majority of the votes cast." There are so many things that electoral college does right and thats why i beleve it should stay.

On the other hand, there are also things that the electoral college does wrong. For example, us voters don't vote for the president but for the slate of electors who later vote for the president, accordingto the article "

The indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defences of the system are wrong.

" Another thing that is wrong with electoral college is that its a disaster just waiting to happen. Its a disaster just waiting to happen because in the year 2000, it was most likely the biggest election crisis in a century, as stated in the aritcle "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defences of the system are wrong." The last and final reason why electoral college isn't the beat thing for choosing the president of the United States is because the electoral college is unfair to voters. For example, the winner-take-all system, senators only focus on what they care about and not whtas important.

In conclusion senator, i still belive that the elcetoral college should stay becuase it was worked all the way up to now so why will it all of a suddent stop?

From,

PROPER_NAME             