Drivers shouldn't be able to text and drive. If you look at recent studies, you'll see that vehicular accidents have gone down in the last couple of years due to no strict "no texting while driving" laws. The reason for this is because once you get rid of the distracting handheld screen, your proficiency increases. Drivers that's always distracted by a mobile device could cause a road rage or even a big accident to the public. It isn't caring is could be highly dangerous for you and for the people around you, including the environment. This could also increase every chance of you getting pulled over by the cops if you're unlucky.

A driver's attention should solely be on the road. Their focus is already easily split by passengers, and even so with the recreational use of cellular devices. To drive, is to invite danger and risk into your life tenfold. Apparatuses like phone stands on bluetooth functionality are both proper substitutes that reduce the risk and danger of using your cell phone while driving. All in all, unless the proper measures are taken, cellular devices shouldnt be used while driving.

To say that there is a time devices should be used, maybe should be only for gps for navigation. Other than that Devices in a hand of a driver should be prohibited and forced to drive safely to their desired destination harm free. Getting caught being on a device while driving can be very treacherous, being pulled over can result in multiple tickets and will lower your credit score and that isn't so good. That goes to say driving comes with many responsibilities.

That one second where you think it is safe to pull out your phone , can be that one second later you're in the hospital. Driving can lead to serious injuries driver of any should not take focus off the road to take part in activity that doesn't have to do with what's in front of them. Studies shows 1,2 million people die every year in car crashes between the ages 15-44. So while driving take your mind of the device and start driving right, always remember that a phone will go nowhere but a life will.

Reasoning on no devices while driving is part of the law, and should be obeyed by any means.

Obviously taking a call while driving or answering a text could be severe for you and either for others that's on the road. The awareness of you not focusing on the road can lead to jail time as well, texting and driving is illegal and if your record is bad you may go to jail for such a little thing that can cause a big problem. People may cherish their phones like their life may depend on it but not focusing can put someone else's life in grave danger/                                                                     