The author of this passage supports his idea of the worthiness and challenging exploration of Venus throughout the passage. The author states that Venus is referred as our "twin" or "sister planet" and explains the surface terrain and atmosphere of Venus. The author also explains why there has not been any spacecrafts sent to the planet in such a long time. In the pasage it also states that "Venus could have been like our earth a long time ago and that it has similar features relating to Earth. the author Also explains why scientist are still fasinated and are still trying to figure out how to productivly examine Venus.

Venus is our "twin" when it comes to different types of features he planet has. Venus is occasionally the closest planet to Earth. Since Earth, Venus, and Mars have different sizes and mass they orbit the sun and different speeds. This means that sometimes Mars is closer to us than Venus at the right time of year. Scientist examine and still want to study our neighboring planet Venus because they belive life couldve been supported on the planet at one point in time and want to know if the planet has had such capabilties.

In the passage it states that there has not been a rover or a unmanned spacecraft sent to Venus in more than three decades. The reason that there hasnt been a manned mission before is that no spacecraft or rover has survived more than a few hours. Venus has a thick atmosphere that blankets the planet that contains 97 percent carbon dioxide. The planet also has a even more challenge to overcome,the clouds of highly corrosive acid hovering Venus has destroyed spacecrafts that have gone through them. The surface tempature of Venus is 800 degree Farenheit, and the extreme pressure on the planet is 90 greater than Earths. Venus has the hottest surface temperture in our solar system, even though Mercury is closer to the sun the additional forces on the planets surface and atmosphere such as; volcanoes, lighting storms, and very powerful earthquakes has the planet at the extreme tempertures it has.

Scientist are stil fasinated by the challeges ad risk venus has to offer. There sare many risk that scientist cant take or overcome ,yet. Scientist are discussing new ideas on how to safely and efficently study our Sister planet. An idea that NASA has come up with is to build a blimp-like vechical that could hover 30 miles about Venuss surface to avoid the harsh terrain and extreme temperture. The author states that the tempertures would still be more than we would normally experience on earth at 170 degrees farenhiet. The amount of pressure on the vechical at that height would almost be equvialent to earths sea level, these conditions are not easy but a human could survive with the right equipment and spacecraft. However this idea has its downside. Since the clouds are so thick and the atmosphere isnt clear from that height humans or cameras would not be able to observe from the ship or collect surface samples to bring back with them.

The author writes this passage with convincing facts throughout the passage and explains the tough challenges that scientist have to overcome , which they will in our near future. In conclusion the author explains;the worth of overcoming these challenges , the harsh conditions of observing Venus, the details of the atmosphere and the challenges and risk and a likley solution to solve the problems of the planet Venus.