School is something that everyone has to go through. Whether you go to public school or private school I am sure that everyone has wondered what it would be like to be homeschooled. Recently, schools have started offering distance learning as an option for students from home by way of online or video conferencing. Distance learning gives students a way out of having to sit in classroooms all day, and gives teachers a bit of leway with the methods in which they teach. I believe that students would benefit from attending classes from home, because students could work at their own pace, students could learn in their own way, and students could attain more information through distance learning.

Firstly, students could work at their own pace through online learning. In normal classrooms if one person does not understand the material, then the entire class has to go back to the beginning and learn it all over again. This constant backtracking makes it hard for students to retain the information, and makes it difficult for the teachers to teach the material effectively. If students were to work from home, then they could work as fast or slow as they wanted to. This would also teach them to learn information faster, because of the deadlines. The same group of students in a classroom would do better on exams though distance learning, because they could learn at their speed without worry of having to go back.

Second, students could learn in their own ways through online learning. Different people have different ways of learning a topic. One could need a visual aid while another needs to hear it repeated multiple times. The teachers have no way to cater to the learning styles of the students, becuase of the short class periods and the short semesters. If Students were to have the ability to do their work online, then it would take the stress off of both the students and teachers. All the teachers would have to do is give the stidents the information and it would be the students responsibility to retain the information in their own way.

Finally, students could attain more information through online learning. I have been taking online classes for 4 years, and I can truthfully say that i have learned more in the online classes than I do in regular classes. In online classes students can spend all the time they need retaining that the information the teacher provided. They can also relax a bit, and that definitly helps open their mind. When exam time comes, the students can spend their class period reviewing notes for that class, which not only helps them pass their exams, but also gives them an inportant life skill, time management.

In conclusion, schools should offer more online classes and distnace learning to their students. Online learning gives students many life skills needed, such as responsibility and time management. Some may say that online learning hurts students, because of the amount of screen time necessary. However, students spend the same amount of screen time at school that they would with online learning. I think that students would benefit greatly from attending classes from home, because students could work at their own pace, students could learn in their own way, and students could attain more information through distance learning. Online learning is the future. Please give our students a chance at an education tailored to them.