The Dangers of Cellphone Usage While Driving

Operating a cell phone or any type of device while driving comes with many risks. Many don't see the consequences that it may bring and use it anyway. Studies have proven that most car accidents are due to use of a device while driving. Many may believe it's not that serious but in reality it is. Therefore, should operating a device while driving be banned?

To continue, using a mobile device while driving increases the risks of a car accident.

Stephen Corby has an article, "Why you really shouldn't use your mobile phone while driving" here, he compares the usage of a mobile device while driving to driving with your eyes closed or reading a book while driving. "Frankly, using mobile phone while driving, is such a stupid cause of death that, before the advent of the cell phone it would only have been comparable with reading a book while driving or closed eyes while driving." Corby makes a pretty great comparison here. The amount of time you take to pick up your device and see who is calling you or texting you is enough time to get off the lane. While driving you should have full attention on the road. Although it is tempting to use your device try considering a longer life for yourself or someone else on the road.

Furthermore, driving requires one's full attention. Most of the time accidents aren't caused by one but instead someone else on the road. One could be perfectly driving and paying full attention but then another one can come maybe drunk or using a phone and come crash into the other. In scenes like these is where maybe if you weren't on your device you could've seen the other coming. In many occasions this has been the cause of accidents. Using a mobile device behind the wheel just takes your attention off the road even if it may be for seconds. One should always have their full attention on the road. It's more likely to prevent accidents from happening if your full attention is on the road and not on what is happening in your phone.

Therefore, the usage of a mobile device while driving is prohibited now.

"HANDS FREE LAW" is the law passed by our recent governor Nathan Deal. The law has been taking place since July of 2018. HFL prohibits a driver from occupying a phone behind the wheel. The driver must not have a phone in their hand or any part of their body to support their phone. A driver can not send messages nor read them. A drive can not watch a video or record a video while driving. There are exceptions into using a phone but those are only when reporting a crash, or another emergency. The law does not apply when the driver is parked. Breaking the law can cause one to have consequences such as a fine of $50 for the first time, $100 for the second, and

$150 for the third, each time points get taken away from your license which could reach the point where your license will be suspended.

In conclusion, being distracted while driving can cause fatal crashes or other consequences. There are a series of reasons why one might pick up a device behind the wheel and to think to themselves it could be an emergency but even that split second of attention into the device can become a lethal end based on one decision and curiosity. It's better to avoid and prevent something bad from happening than to continue to test it until it does. Usage of a mobile device while driving should not be allowed. And as stated in the 4th paragraph it is prohibited, it is a law. Let's set full attention on the road and be the smart drivers.

Works Cited

Anderson, Peter, et al. "Why You Really Shouldn't Use Your Mobile Phone While Driving." CarsGuide,

www. carsguide. com. au/car-advice/why-you-really-shouldnt-use-your-mobile-phone-while- driving-33062.         