To the principle,

I believe that a B average requirement to participate in sports or other extra curricular activities is not a good idea. I know from personal experience that sometimes a student is unable to do better in a certain class or two. Sometimes a student turns in all of their work, tries their hardest, and pays attention during instruction and a lesson the teacher is teaching. But, even when a student is doing this, they are not able to get a higher grade than a C.

Many people have certain ailments that are not helpful when it comes to learning. For example, some students are dyslexic and some students have learning disorders. Of course, not everyone has a disorder that hinders them when they try to learn.

Often, it is unfair to blame the student with the low grade when there are other students in the class that constantly disrupt and bother and cause problems. Isn't it strange that students do all of their homework and it turns out as an A+ but, when they do their school work and finish it in class, it ends up being a low grade? Hasn't anyone suspected that it could just be the fact that they pay attention and do the work given to them but they can't achieve a higher grade because they are incapable of ignoring the annoying troublemakers surrounding them?

I do agree that with some students earning F's and D's it's because they do not complete their work and do not try to pay attention. For some of them, this is because they are being influenced by peers in a wrong fashion. Other times it's because they don't want to listen, don't want to learn, and don't want to get a good job in the future because they don't care about anything beyond "I want to be like my friends and everyone else." Sometimes, yes, I would have to agree that straight D and F students should not participate in extra curricular activities.

No, I would have to say, over all, that I don't think it is wise to force students who are not failing and keeping an ok grade to keep away from activities that they feel happy doing. Just because everyone wants higher school grades doesn't mean you have to inflict judgement on people you don't even know. "You can try harder", "You can do a lot better than a lousy C," How do you know? How do you know if these students can do a whole lot better? Do you know each and every one of them? Do you know what they are all capable of? No, you don't, do you?