Have you ever needed to make a tough decision? We all have; so what did you do about it? There are many ways to get through a tough choice such as considering the consequences, which decision will be the most fun, and trying to make a compromise. The best way however is to ask others for their opinions. Asking for opinions allows you to get other views, learn from their past experience, and make the most educated choice.

First, by getting other opinions you get different views. Science shows that by getting new ideas from someone you're entitled to a 53% harder working brain. Also when you get new thoughts from someone it makes it feel like as if you don't have to make decisions all by yourself. Jackie Robinson, who was a highly influential baseball player, wanted to give up, but didn't because his family encouraged him through his ups and downs.

Second, by asking for other thoughts you will learn from their past experience. Many people go through the same things in life so why should they all suffer? Asking for advice on something allows you to prevent what's happened to people in the past. When I asked my mom if it was a good idea to have a girlfriend at my age she said, " it's best to wait because your future wife will want to know that she's the only one you loved." So by asking for advice I got her opinion and may have dodged future problems.

lastly, you will be able to make a spectacular choice because you will be educated. When someone tells you something you may learn something completely new that will change your mind. Germany was a prosperous country until Hitler convinced the Germans that everything wrong was the Jews fault, the people were told something and it completely changed their stance on Jews. Another instance of this is when Jesus walked the earth and preformed many miracles to show he was the son of god and becuase of this he changed many peoples belief.

In conclusion, seeking many opinions will help you find other perspectives, learn from people's mistakes, and know more information about your choices. With these you will be able to successfully pick the best choices.

Now that you know these tips how will you use them in your life? 