Why do people continue to drive on the roads while using their cell phones? Driving requires a person to be very focused and every day we see drivers on the roads using their cell phones, and most of the time it ends in a tragedy. In some states it is illegal to let your cell phones touch any part of your body while you are driving, but many people seem to ignore this, some drivers' text while they are driving others may be on social media making posts of videos and photos and others may be talking on the phone. But it's not worth it because this distraction may cause a person to lose his or her life.

Anything can distract a driver and cause them to lose focus from the road. A number of road accidents are caused by people using cell phones we see this on the television and hear about these distracted accidents on the radio daily. There are many penalties if you are caught using a cell phone while driving in states or countries which have banned drivers from using phones while operating motor vehicles, you can be pulled over by police officer and be ticketed to pay fines this can also cause your insurance agency to raise the price of your monthly insurance.

As of July 1st 2018 the state of Georgia issued a hands free law where motor vehicle operators could not use their cell phones. The law states that "drivers cannot have a phone in their hand or touching any parts of their body while driving."

If you are caught in the state of Georgia driving and using a cell phone you may face a fine of fifty dollars and one point may be deducted from your drivers' license if you are caught a second time you may face a fine of one hundred dollars and two points will be deducted from your drivers' license, if you are caught a third time you will face a fine of one hundred and fifty dollars and additional points deducted.

Drivers are to just obey the road rules, if they do this we may have less fatal road accidents and so many lives will not be lost. With this people will no longer suffer due to reckless drivers on the roads.                