Some people say distance learning is a waste of time and is not effective, when really, online schooling is becoming more popular as technology advances. Being able to succeed in an education from home is something that is often necessary. Being able to complete school work from home is helpful to not only students, but the school systems too. This way of learning makes sure students that are not able to physically attend school still get their share of education. Distance learning can be beneficial to students recovering from a major operation, or a severe social problem.

Serious injuries happen involving students attending school more than you think. Some of these injuries require a major operation, causing the student to miss weeks of school and instruction time. Yes, parents can pick up the work that their child missed and bring it home, but doing this results in the child not knowing how to do the work. If they were not there when the lesson was taught, they would never be able to figure out the concept. If the student was told they would be out for 8 weeks due to surgery, they could quickly transfer to a distanced learning program. This way, they could video chat and speak to a teacher live. This would allow the student to get thorough instructions explained to them clearly, and help with any material they simply do not understand. Without this type of program, students would fall into a deep hole of confusion.

Although everyone can get a little nervous in front of a large group of people, some people just cannot possibly function in large groups. Some students were born with bad cases of social anxiety, or other illnesses causing them to be socially awkward. For students like this, a home schooling online class would be the best way to educate them. Yes, they would still have to speak face to face with a teacher through video chat, that is only one person compared to a school of a thousand people. This would end the fears of students dreading to go to school each day. They could get their work done in peace, and not have thoughts of everyone watching them in their head. This would lead to them not getting easily distracted from education. Although, letting a student choose to avoid public school because of a social problem is not preparing them for the future; If the student does not focus in school due to the surrounding people, The good education they would get online is more important.

With reasoning as to why distance learning is beneficial, it should be looked at by more people and become a popular alternative. Everyone should have the right to know about this option and its details because online schooling might be a good choice for them. This alternative could benefit many more people than it already does. School systems would be looked at better with a higher passing rate and higher scores. Although distance learning is more of a process to get into, it would be beneficial to the ones suffering from major operations or social problems like many students enrolled in school today.                   