The author supports this idea by explaining the planet Venus and why Venus is a challenging planet to explore but a worthy pursuit. In the article it says ''Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.'' Based on this sentence from the article I know that the author believes that studying Venus will better humans understanding of the planet and give them knowledge of its surface. According to the article the author believes that there is no limit to meeting challenges no matter the dangers and doubts. I know this because in the text it says ''Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.''

The author says that NASA is working on other approaches for studying Venus which means they are willing to take the challenge along with the dangers that come with studying Venus. Because of this I know the author thinks studying Venus will better the future. In the text it says ''Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow or machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus. This means that scientists and researchers are pursuing the idea of maybe one day being able to explore Venus. Based on thst sentence from the text I know that the author believes that the challenge of exploring Venus has value.

To summarize the author believes that not only will studying Venus better our future but also that human curiosity will lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. The author is pursuing the idea of maybe one day being able to explore Venus. I know this because in the text it says ''Therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks.'' This means the author and scientists are willing to take the risk and dangers of exploring Venus. Because of this I know the author believes that we should strive for the best no matter the dangers, doubt or risks and that there is no limit.