Have you ever decided to become a Seagoing Coyboy?

Well you should become one. I am goinng to tell you about how It is an amazing adventure filled time with amazing sights, how you can help people, and things you get to do while on the ship and off the ship.

Being a Seagoing Coyboy let's you have the time of your life by having amazing sights. One time while I was there I got to see the acropolis from ancient Greece. If you join you might just be able to see amazing places just like that. Also I got to have the benifit of seeing Europe and China. One of the most amazing thing I got to see was in Venice, Italy the street of water. So you should become a Seaging Coyboy because you have the benifit of seeing amazing sights and views.

Being a Seagoing Coyboy can give you the opportunity of helping people in need and that is very important. You can help them if they come right off of the war you can go help re-build their towns or suppling them with animals to help. Also you get to bring food suplies to help them recover from a war. Helping people is very important so that is just another reason why you should become a Seagoing Coyboy.

You may think you will have nothing to do while you are on the ship. Well that is not true. Some of the things you can do is play sports and other activities like baseball, volleyball, table tennis, fencing, boxing, reading, and whittling. Those activities help pass time while you are at sea. Also other things you can do is do your chores on the ship like cleaning the stalls where the animals stay, feeding the animlas, and watering the animals. Those are just more reasons why you should become a Seagoing Coyboy.

After you read all of this I hope you decide to become a Seagoing Coyboy. Now you know how this choice is going to be adventure filled, an amazing experience for helping people, and what the things you get to do on the ship. Those are all of the reasons why I belive that you should decide coming a Seagoing Coyboy.                    