My position on driverless cars is not approved. If the car is called "driverless" why would you still need a human in the car to be ready and alerted if an he/she had to take action in a serious situation. "Designed to notify the driver wjhen the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents."

Since the car is a driverless car why would a driver still need to be ready and alerted when the car cant manage to handle something. As in paragraph 7 it states "all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." Well if thats the case then why call it a driverless car if you still need to be alerted. That would also mean that the driver is not allowed to slack off and that the rules before the human got that car will still applie. Both eyes on the road at all times and both hands on the wheel at all times.

It would cost so much money to build new roads for the cars because in oder for the cars to drive and move in perfect condition is to have sensors that can read the positive and the negative polarity as messages in the binary code. As said in paragrahp 3 "they required massive upgrades to exsiting roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical." To much constuction would be happening at one time.

When the option of smarter roads was crossed of the list, a new option came metioning smarter cars. "They needed a whole lot more sensors." That seemslike a great idea but what if a human drvies on to many bumps and a sensor breaks off? Who knows how much it cost to fix it or where you can even find another sensor to replace the one that broke. A sensor can miscalculate a turn or and turn another way and cause a crash only because one or more sensors miscalulated.

Another thing about the sensors. what about the winter time? What if the sensors freeze or just get snow on them are the sensors water proof? So that would also put the human thats behind the wheel in a huge risk of being injured. The sensors could not pick up any positive or negative messages it need to read the binary code.

Think about if all electricy just cut off in a specific area. Wouldnt those sensors need the electircity to read the binary code? Wouldnt the sensors need to read the positive and negative messages also? If there was an power outage then no human would getting bakc to there destination or home.

Floods can be a thing that the sensors could get a shortage from. When its constantly raining and the water is rising faster by the minute and the car is driving through all of it while its splashing uner the car the sensors could definitly messed up.   