The advantages of limiting car use can help the environment and people. Some advantages include reduced smog in the air from the exhaust pipe of a car. More people will be healthy because instead of driving everywhere people would begin to start walking. Also when no one is driving cars there are no traffic jams so everyone usually will get to where they need to go on time without delay. Also when people arent driving their cars everywhere they have time to just enjoy the scenery in which they live in and are not constantly worried about where they need to go and how fast they need to do it.

To introduce my statement i believe that that one of the many great advantages to limiting car usage is that there will be less pollution. Based on source two Paris typically has more smog than any other European capital. Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter. Since everyone in paris stopped driving for a week the smog cleared enough to rescind the ban for odd numbered plates because they were fining people that had odd numbered plates. Many blamed diesel fuel but it couldve been a matter of different things but it was mostly from exhaust pipes and diesel fuel.

The next advantage of limiting car usage is that people become healthier because there not just sitting in there car seat. They actually have too walk around to get to where they need to go and walking is very healthy for your body and maintaining a good healthy body. Based on source 3 in Colombia there was a program where there was one car free day. One man said that it was a good opportunity to take away stress. That is very important. Stress does very harmful things to our body the more we can take away the better so if your walking around instead of in a car you have less stress so theres less problems with your body. Also because of this car free day bicycle paths have also been made so people can bike along paths and enjoy the beautiful nature this Earth gives to us.

The last advantage of limiting car usage is that there is no traffic jams so there is no major delay in where you need to go. Based on source one street parking is generally forbidden so if theres no cars then you also dont have to get fined. Hypothetically say that your on your way to work and theres a traffic jam. You have one extreamly important meeting to go to and if you miss it that could cost you your job. All because of a stupid traffic jam that you obvioulsy didnt mean to get in or you didnt cause. So if you limit car usage and everyone just wakes up a little earlier you can get to where you need to go on time and not get caught in a delay.

That is why fellow citizens that is a great idea to limit car usage. There are too many traffic jams. People need to get to where they need to go on time. Its a lot healthier for our bodies to walk places and when your healthier your happier and who doesnt love being happy. Last limiting car usage is a great idea because we dont want to pollute our great mother Earth that we were given for free to live on. We might as well take care of it.    