The Facial Action Coding System was created to help know what your feelings are and even help students in the classroom to them learn easier. This sytem has six basic emotions that it will be able to recognize from your facial expression. While some may think that this may not be a helpful system, this could help many others with their studies in school and others just in general to know what they may like or how they are feeling.

This system may not be totally reliable in the beginning of the process but by the time the bugs have been delt with and the researchers have maade sure that the system is precessing to the best of its ability this could potentially become the most helpful system in helping others in school and even outside of their schooling work. "'A class room computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,' Dr. Huang predicts." Many may think that this machine could cause problems with teaching but the upside is that this would be able to detect what the student may be strugglung with that the teacher may not know how to handle what they may not be getting.

Every student in school struggles with something that they may have been taught from English, science, to math all of these have at least one student that may have a harder time learning how to solve problems, write essay's, and even make certain reactions happen in science but with this system students may learn faster or at least it would help them learn in a way that they could understand. "'Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.'" If this could help students in school with what they are learning and help them understand it better image what could be done with this with a more advanced system.

The better reseachers can make the system the more it will be able to do. This could help disabled people with learning or even make them happier. If the Facial Action Code System can help students in school with understanding certain elements of what is being taught, this could ultimently help disabled kids and even teachers to know the best way to handle what the kids understand and what they don't. The teacher may doing what they can to help diabled children and even adults but these people work slower that normal people do and with this teacher can find out the best way that disabled children or adults can learn.

The Facial Action Coding System may not be valuable to some but this can be extremely valuable to other in schools and maybe even at work. This system can help many people understand what is being taught or even help diability children that may learn a faster way and the teachers may not know that. Many people no matter what they are doing this can help them with problems at school, work, and just in general to understand or make learning easier.