"Hey Generic_Name are you going to the movies today?" asked Generic_Name. "Hmm I don't think so I have to go talk to my sister about something" replied Generic_Name. It was the end of the school day, and Generic_Name's sister Generic_Name was going to pick her up from school. "Hey kiddo how was your day?" asked Generic_Name. It was okay I guess" answered Generic_Name. Generic_Name asked Generic_Name, "What's wrong?" "Look I was wondering if I can ask you something" said Generic_Name. "Sure what's going on?" replied Generic_Name. "So I wanted to go to the movies today but, I didn't want to go because Generic_Name was going to bring her new friends and, her friends are really mean to me and I don't want to tell her" said Generic_Name. "Look you have to tell her friends to back off and to leave you alone" said Generic_Name in anger. For some people it's hard to make the right choice. Sometimes they don't know what to do so they ask for advice. When asking for advice to more than one person is helpful because you can see what people have to say to you advice, you can agree to some of the advice they have to give you, and some people might know the answer to your problem because they went through this situation.

To begin with most people have different opinions to people's problems, but that's a good thing because you can ask multiple people to your own problem. You can go and ask so many people and hear what they have to say. Everyone has different opinions which is good but you know a great thing about asking for advice is that you can choice which one you would take. An example to this is a kid named Generic_Name who as dealing with a big problem so his girlfriend was cheating on him, but he really didn't know what to do about it ,because he loved her so much. So he went off to ask so many people for their opinion about this. Generic_Name heard a lot of different things, he heard that he should stay with her and forget about what she did, to leave her and never talk to her, and just to talk to her and confront her. At the end of the day he knew what choice to pick because he heard many people's opinions, and he knew the right choice. This was just by hearing them, that's why you should listen to what people have to say.

Another problem that can help you when asking for advice is you can agree and disagree to what everyone has to say. That's the best thing if you don't agree with them you can say why you don't agree with them. Also its just not going to be disagreeing and agreeing with one person but multiple people. An example to this is Generic_Name who hate's helping her bullies with her homework. She always has to help her bullies with homework and she still hasn't told anyone about this problem. One day she wanted to tell someone so she told her mom, and she said that she should tell them to leave her alone, but if she did that they wouldn't stop. So she didnt like her mom's answer so she she asked her friend, Generic_Name and she said to not do anything and leave it alone. Generic_Name didn't like that answer too. She asked her grandma and she said to tell a teacher, this was the answer she knew she needed and she took her advice a went for it. Generic_Name told on them and they left her alone, she knew she made the right choice but she was disagreeing to some of the things that didn't sound right. This a great way to get you choice by agreeing and disagreeing tell you know which one is the right choice.

The last thing is asking multiple people for advice is good because if you ask people for help they might of had this problem too. It's good to see people had the same problem as you and they can help you. A reason to this is Generic_Name who had a problem to when she had a friend talking behind her back and still hanging out with her was a issue she had. She knew she had to tell someone, she told her mom, her aunt, her grandma, and her sister. Generic_Name asked all of them and none of them had this problem expect her sister. She was taking to her what happen and how it ended. Generic_Name was happy that she knew what to do because someone went through this. So what she had to do was tell her that she doesn't wasnt a friend who lies to her and talks behind her back. She said this and never talked to her again which was said but she knew what to do because someone went thought this, it helped her a lot.

"Hey Generic_Name can I talk to you for a little bit about something" asked Generic_Name. Generic_Name replied "Sure what's up." "So your friends have been taking bad about me and I don't like that, your friends are so mean to I dont know how you like them." said Generic_Name. "Oh I didn't know that I thought that they like you it" replied Generic_Name. "Um they don't but I don't want hang out with them just you like we use to" said Generic_Name. "Me too I don't even like them too, thank you for telling me" said Generic_Name. "Yeah me too" said Generic_Name. "Um why did it take you so long to tell me" asked Generic_Name. "I needed to know how to tell you so I asked helped for many people" answered Generic_Name. When asking for advice from multiple people is helpful that's why we should ask for help when we need it. It's okay to ask more than one person it helps a lot, just how it helped Generic_Name.       