Part of our current edgucation system provides free chidcare to parents in adition to helping yonger students develope socially. This is why brick and morder schools will always be a necesity for elementery schoolers, but students outside that age range should have the opportunity to demonstrate their responcibility inorder to receive the privilage of being taught at home rather then at school because of social distractions, and the general time sink that is school .

All you ever hear about public schools today is bullying, exclusion, and drama that is pointless and distracts students from their academics, the solution is right infront of us, online school. Online school would be superior to traditional brick and morter school because students would have minimul opportunities to interact with one and other durring class which would make classroom control easier for the teacher. In adition to students having minimul opportunities to speak in class, everything that was said durring the class could be monitered by the teacher or by an automated program designed to detect any buzz words, unkind or curse words. The audomation could also keep count of the number of times students cursed or said rude things to eachother and report these infractions to the teacher. While this process might sound invasive, it isn't anything that teachers don't try to facilitate with physically, now they can do it technologically.

While the inclass conversations can definently be monitered, there is also out of class social media and txting that could be distracting during online class time, and with no physical adult in the room telling students to put away the phone how could we be sure that we aren't just trading one evil for another? While there are numerous distractions at home that could cause students grades to dip, the solution to this potential problem is that online school would need to be a privilage and not a right. Class time would need to be monitered.

Another benafit of monitered online school is that with less distractions the class could move faster which would allow extra time for students to persue recreational activities, and academic interests- this system would allow students to seperate their work time from their play time in a way that is just not possible today. This system of having extra time to dedicate to passions would also be benafitial in incentivising students to pay attention during class. This system also promotes better friendships by giving students time to persue interests outside of school-- providing an outlet to meet like minded people.

While online school isn't a perfect solution, it could change the way that manny students view school as a whole. Instead of being forced to sit in a building all day with other kids, we could be at home leaning on our own time with pre-recorded videos. With online schooling students get the opportunity to control their own edcation, and they are also incentivised to preform well, not because they are compeeting for spots at some perstegeous collage, but becuause they want their own free time.     