In the text provided, it discusses the advantages of limiting car usage. The acticles show, without car usage, there is a more safer enviorment. People are finding alternatives to getting around and not having to stress themselves about a car. Not using a car means people are able to help the enviorment physically and spiritually. Limiting car usage has a more postivite affect then using a car.

Restricing the usage of cars means an advantage on a safer and healthier enviorment. When using a car it polutes our air making the enviorment harsh. In the text it says "The goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog." This quation shows that reducing the use of cars can cause harsh conditions, such as smog, to reduce providing a safer enviorment for people and creatures living there. The text also says "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pittted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." This evidence proving that with out the usage of cars the surroundings of a harsh city improved from things like uneven sidewalks, that could have caused people to walk on streets causing traffic or accidents, fixed to smooth sidewalks that people can use safely. The text also says "If the pattern persists - and many sociologist believe it will - it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviorment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants." This evidence proves that limiting the usage of cars can lower the amount of emissions polluting the air we need to survive. Reducing the pollution in our air would conclude in safe, more efficent, and long-lasting enviorment. Therefore, limiting the usage of cars have a more sufficent amount of advantages then not limiting the usage of cars.

Reducing the usage of cars also have advantages on people's well-being and happiness. Without the stress of sitting in a tiny box in todays new trafic jam, yelling at the car infont of you, behind you, or next to you, you could be out enjoying the fresh air not having to worry about being late because of an accident you weren't even in. The article says "'Its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution' said a businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife." This evidence shows that without the use of cars people can be stress free, promoting a healthier enviorment with a smile. The text also states "He proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which 'pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety.'" This proving that with less usage from vehicles people are able to improve their living conditions by making minor adjustments. The advantages of limiting the usage of cars is more beneficial then not reducing the usage of vehicles.

Limiting car usage has more advantages and is beneficial to the safety of our enviorment. Without the reduction of car usage the enviorment and well being of living things on earth will continue to get worse. Without the limit of car usge, earth will continue to become a gaint ball of smog.    