Technology and enhancement in vehicles have come a long way. Each year companies come out with new cars and new features that gives people the desire to but them. Driverless cars have been in discussion for many years and have been worked on for those many years. Corrperations, such as GM, have developed a system that vibrates the driver seat when the vehicle is in danger of hitting another vihicle while backing up. Other ideas, such as the windshield having flashing lights, have also been discussed. But this is just the beginning of driverless cars. Driverless cars should not yet be implied in today's society due to lack of technology developement.

Driverless cars cannot be released into the world because of lack in testing the cars to see if they function correctly. Many states have made laws that provent companies from testing these cars due to safety laws. Another point to look at is how much the driver would actually pay attention if they have a driverless car. If one is behind the wheel of a driverless car, they would not want to operate, but rather do something of importance to themself. If the driverless car is put out there, the driver would not want to have to take over, which they would have to at some points of the journey. Most laws are made to provide safety for drivers, passengers, and pedestrians. If the technology and functions behind the driverless car fail and cause injury, whose to say is at fault? The driver or the technology could both be at fault for causing injury. Of course driverless cars would be convenient and better for gas usage, but our technology is not developed enough to pursue driverless cars.

Although driverless cars have been in discussion and worked on for many years, we are not yet ready as a society to begin the idea of letting them on roads. Because of lack in technology developement, safety, lack of testing, and the careless drivers who would be behind the wheel, our society is not ready for this function to be on the road. Yes, the car itself has benifits, but the negatives out weight the positives. 