When have you needed advice for something and you didn't know what to do, did you go to just one person for advice or multiple people and how did it affect your outcome? Making the right decision can be really hard, and figuring out what you are going to say or do. It's scary knowing that the choice on what you are going to do might be a really big deal and it can impact your future. When you also decide what to do you can also regret it after because you felt like it was the wrong choice. So when asking for advice, it can be better asking multiple people because maybe someone had gone through the same experience as you are going through and also maybe someone is going through a similar situation now and maybe helping each other out through this will help each person make a better choice.

Maybe what you are going through now, someone else had gone through it. Maybe what they chose to do in the end was a good or bad decision. They could help you through what you should or shouldn't do on their past experiences with that issue. They could teach you stating how it specifically affected them on what they chose to say in the end. They also may tell you what the would have done differently in the end so what they chose would have had a better outcome or if they wouldn't have changed anything.

When asking someone else for advice, maybe someone is going through the same issue as you. Working together and talking to each other can be a really good thing and it can lead to a positive outcome. Looking at the pros and cons can lead to a better result to the both of you too. Seeing what you can do to help each other is a wonderful idea. Just basically making sure you guys are there for each other is a good thing and knowing that you have each others back.

When asking for advice, it can be better asking multiple people because maybe someone had gone through the same experience as you are going through and also maybe someone is going through a similar situation now and maybe helping each other out through this will help each person make a better choice. Asking someone who had gone through the same experience that you are going through now, can help you because they can tell you what they did and what happened and how they would do things differently. Someone could be going through the same thing as you right now and you guys can talk about what you guys can do. Just making sure that you guys are there for each other can just do good for the both of you. Looking out for each other and having each others backs can be really comforting to the both of you even if the issue is really small.