It is important to talk to more then one person. Sometimes people talk to more than one person is because, they might feel the need to want more ideas for what they need help on. My first reason is because,I know that when someone is seeking for help they would go to multiple people, because everyone might have different thoughts on one thing. My second reason is because to find out the solution to your problem is to think but also listen to what other people have to say, the reason is say that is because what they say might be important. sometimes people's advice can really help, but you can't believe everything people say.

One good example for this could be that I asked my friends how I should ask my mom to go to the movies with them, even if I know I'm grounded. All of my friends would give me a good why and idea's to ask, but there was one that didn't really make since. One of them said " you could just leave the house, it's kind of like sneaking out." But I didnt really want to do that, because that idea wasn't the best for me, so I decided just ask, and everything went smooth. It's just that simple.

Something a student said that "sometimes people need advice or help that they are seeking for, people might be ignoring that person. Thats why people do bad things." The reason that I am bringing this up is because, this is true. Sometimes people actually help, some things can be difficult, and even if you dont think that you need help, you will. Even if it's the littlest amount of it,everyone needs help.

When you feel like you need help, don't be scared to ask some one for a little help every once in a while. Its not hard at all, maybe you would feel a little embarrassed, but don't,everyone makes mistakes and needs help sometimes, its normal. Also it's great to help other people, because they might need help as well, and when you do good things for other people you got good things in return. To ask for some advice, its simple. All you have to do is just to go up to someone you trust and just ask for help, or ask for some ideas.

Sometimes it's better to just go with your gut. Making choices can be hard sometimes, and they can be good or bad choices. thats why you ask, so you dont do something that you will regret, or something that will effect your life. I think that it is better to ask for help then to just go and do something that you know is not good or something that is to hard to do. It might be hard but you can push through that challenge, keep going forward and ask for help as you do that. Don't let others stop you from overcoming that goal or that challenge.

I recommend that you always ask for help, even in at the hardest times. Also make sure that you ask everyone that you can, because everyone is different, and everyone has a different kind of mind set. Thats why it is a good thing, because you can get all of the advice that you need in life. you can keep pushing as you take others advice and use it in the real world. people can sometimes just give up because they that no one to give them some help,and that not good for them.

In conclusion, you just need to ask for a little advice, because you never know what your going to go up against in life, and when you get stuck, just go up to an adult you trust and say " hey can you help me, i'm little stuck." That is perfectly fine because, they will help you and give you some great advice, to help you succeed. There is nothing to be scared about. Your going to thank that person for helping you. Your also going to thank yourself for asking for help.