Our school principle is trying to decide whether he should make every student participate in a extracurricular activity, well we can't let that happen, here s why. School is all about learning, and having fun well how can a student have fun in school when their principle is making them do something they don't want to do. Schools all about respecting others, yourself, and property. making somebody do something they don't like. or want is not respecting them at all. Maybe that person doesn't want to do this activity, because they don't have many friends in it, or don't know a lot of people.

this reason is pretty obvious about why this school should not make this rule, students would get less work/homework time. especially a activity involving daily meetings like sports, and school plays those require practice everyday until later times like 6 for most people. A person may not want to do these activity also like track, football, soccer, and field hockey, because they may think they're not good enough at it, or may even think think they're not a good type of person for this sport. If that happens then that person would feel less about themselves, and wouldn't enjoy it. I'm sure the principle doesn't want that to happen, so why put this rule here?

It's not just the students that are telling you "no" to this rule. Even the parents don't like it. I'm sure every parent should want everything good for their kids, and would do anything to make them happy. well if the kids aren't happy then i'm sure the parents aren't happy either. using this rule to make a student do a extra curricular activity would create more stress on the parent too. The parents would have to be the one's to pick up their kids, and drop them off to something. Like a school play they have rehearsal almost every day. Well the parent would have to be able to pick them up from that, because clearly some of the students aren't even allowed to drive yet.

So obviously this rule wouldn't help the school, it would make things worse. Students might think school is fun if they can make their own decisions about extra curricular courses which may include band, sports, chorus, strings, school play, or clubs. This rule would make no sense, and many people would not enjoy it. Some people may even go to another school. These are only one of many good choices as to why the school shouldn't have this extra curricular rule, but these reasons that you sound pretty good, and are really good reasons.                                  