In today's world, almost everyone has a smartphone. People should not use their phones while driving because phones are known for being a distraction. It can also be very dangerous. It is also illegal. The most dangerous place to use your phone is in the car.

Using your phone while driving is one of the leading cause of death in America. Phones are supposed to help make communication easier, but instead they cause a distraction. It can cause accidents people can get hurt and or can die. They can get tickets that can cost up to five-hundred dollars. Sometimes people get so distracted that they can crash into the rear end of another car and have to pay for the damages and or the other person's hospital bill.

Driving is a dangerous thing for everyone in the vehicle. The driver needs to stay focused for everyone's safety. It is impossible to multitask while driving a four-thousand pound vehicle. The driver does one bad movement and everything can go wrong in a matter of seconds. Many car companies have acknowledged this and have created a hands-free technology. Also Apple has a block on the phone while driving.

In many states, it is illegal to use your phone while driving because it can cause an accident. When the phone vibrates the driver normally looks down at the phone to see why it made the ringing sound, but in the minutes, that it takes the driver to reply to the texts something can go wrong. The moment they look at the phone, they are putting everyone in danger including themselves. Sometimes people do not realize that there is someone in front them until it's too late and ends up killing someone or crashing into an object. To prevent that it is extremely important to keep their eyes on the road at all times.

In conclusion, people should not use their phones while driving. They would feel a lot safer if the phone use would stop. Matter a fact apple blocks the phone from opening while driving.                                                                                     