I agree that driverless cars are good and should be used in the future. They would help out a lot in my eyes from when you are drunk or just tired and you fall asleep on the wheel. Or when you need to take care of a person while driving. Also when you lose your focus while driving those will help out just in case of an accident. Or when you are alone and you are hurt bad and you don't have enough energy to drive to the hospital. All those things are things that are neccessary and will need a smart car for.

For example, when you are coming home from a party and you have no one else to rely on to take you home a driverless car will be helpful in that situation. Or if you know you are going to fall asleep on the road after working a long shift all you would have to do is switch the autopilot on for your car. When a person is driving and they have a baby in the back seat and they need help with the baby then a driverless car would help while they take care of that baby. Or say if a husband's wife is pregnant in the passenger seat and they would be freaking out the whole time and they may lose focus on the road. The driverless car will help with all those situations so there will be no need for any worries. The companies run enough test to make sure the car is working right so you should be comfortable with the car. Plus no company wants to get sued for their car because it didn't do what they said it would do.

Some people daydream when they are driving and forget they are on the road driving and may get into an accident. Or teens like to text and drive (even though it is against the law to do that) the smart cars will help when a collision may happen. The General Motors company have a vibrating seat that alerts people when something is happening that they should watch out for. So whenever you are in a daze and you are coming close to hitting a tree the seat will vibrate hard enough for the driver to realize what they are doing. Even though the driverless car may need help sometimes trying to get through traffic jams and it would need your assitance, but the car is still worth getting considering that it can drive by itself 90% of the time.

When you are really hurt and it would be hard to drive yourself to the hospital all you would have to do is get enough energy to walk to your car and sit there until you to the hospital. No having to wait until your friends or family get to your house to take you to the hospital. Or what if you can't see at night while driving then you may need some help trying to get to wherever your destination is. Some elderly people have bad vision and they might have to work that night instead of leaving way early just have your smart car drive you there. Plus if you have a smart car death rates or even just accidents while driving will decrease a lot more than you can imagine.

Smart cars will be the new and good solution for a lot of things in the future and now. From driving tired and falling asleep on the wheel. Taking care of a person while driving. Losing focus on the road and not being able to see at night while trying to drive. Also having a emergency to the point when you can't drive youself. The smart car will solve all those problems for you and you won't have to worry about problems while driving again.