Students all around the world have to cope with the anxiety and stress that comes with going to school. Part of the reason why is because of the environment the students have to be in. Some people simply cannot work well while sitting in a classroom for seven hours a day, five days a week. However, they are required to graduate and receive their diploma so they can get into a good college and have a good life. This does not mean they have to go to a building every day to learn and then come home and stress over their homework. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home because it is a more relaxing environment for them, they will have more free time to get their work done, and it will increase the well-being of their mental health.

Students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home because they are able to work in a better environment. The environment of public school buildings can be too much for some students. They are required to sit in uncomfortable chairs in a cinder-block classroom listening to lectures that can sometimes go too fast, and on top of that, they have to balance 7 classes of homework every night which eats away large amounts of their day. While it may be better for students to receive in-person instruction so they can learn the material better, it is not worth the workload they have to deal with, and if they need help, there are virtual teachers who can help or they have the ability to ask someone for help at home. If they are able to work from home, they can be in a soothing and comforting setting and clear their mind because they are home, which can increase brain productivity which will make them have better grades. Another example of attending in-person classes being a bad environment is the social stress that comes with being in high school. Having to balance both a social life and an academic life can be too much for one person, which is why it would be better to take out the social aspect of the equation and focus on having an academic career.

Another reason why attending classes at home would benefit students is because they would have much more time to actually get their work done and raise their GPA. Attending school in person for seven hours straight and then going home and only having 4 hours to complete all the homework given to them is not enough time for students to decompress when they come finish their day. On top of that, many teenagers have part-time jobs so that is another 6-7 hours not spent of getting schoolwork done. If students were able to take classes at home, they would space out and manage their time so it works best for their schedule, which is overall the smartest choice a student can make.

One final reasons why students should take classes at home is because it will increase their overall well-being and mental health. Aside from trying to keep up with academics, going to high school also comes with the stress of having a good social life. Teenagers all around the world are constantly trying to fit in with their peers and worry about their social life, which a lot of times affects their schoolwork because they prioritize their social life over their academic life. Students today are more worried about having a lot of followers on social media rather than raising their GPA and taking Advanced Placement classes. Depression and suicide rates are so high in teenagers because of how they get treated by their peers at high school. One of the main causes of suicide in teens is because they are being bullied, and bullying would decrease drastically if they took their classes from home. This is how it would better their mental health and overall well-being.

In conclusion, students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home because they are able to work in a much more comfortable environment, they can have more free time to get all of their work done, and it will positively increase their mental health and overall well-being. 