Safetey is first, that is one thing that everyone want sespecilly in cars. Many people don't get that the idea of industries or companies making these smart cars is to help the enviorment by reducing the fuel use. Reducing fuel makes the enviorment more clean. There would be less cars and many of those cars are going to save the enviorment. I'am with the making of smart cars because the safety the car is going to have, saves money, and the smart car can save the enviorment.

Car safety is one of the most impartante things. When a person buys a car safety is one of the things that people want more. The smart car has advianced technology that can indicate that a probleam is going to happen. Sensores are being involved with this smart cars, sensors can help do something that you can not do because you are doing something else. Sensors can help you to decress the chances that someone has. The smart car would have more protection to stellers or accidnts acure, these cars heve camras that can help incase of an accidents. And last smart cars would have a computer that has all the rules of driving that would allow it not to speed or do a wrong turn and even more.

Many people have jobs far away from their homes. People want cars that can waste less oil for more miles. Smart cars reduce helf of what a normal car does. If fuel is wasted less then many products will reduce their price and many people would have to waste less money. People would save money and would have smart cars instede of normal cars. The economy would grow and people would be less poor then they are.

The enviorment is getting to bad from the worlds global warminng that is incressung thanks to all the pollution humans do. Smart cars have the capabillity to use oil. There would be less oil wells in the whole world. Oceans would be less contimanated then they are know., ocean animals would die less. Many small towns or places would have less water probleams then they do know.

Smart cars would do a big change in the world thanks to the oil reduce of the cars. The world would have a better way of life. I agree with smart cars because these cars would make a diffrence for everbody and for the world.  