Drivers should absolutely never be able to use a cell phone while driving. This is evident as in recent years there has been a big problem in our society with drivers using their cell phones while driving. It has gotten so bad that it has become illegal because driving while using a cell phone is more likely to be the cause of a fatal accident, than when a person drives under the influence of drugs or alcohol.

Use a hands free device at all times while driving. I say this because a cell phone will take your attention off of the task at hand. A driver's focus should be maintained on only driving to ensure safety. It has been proven that driving while using a cell phone is the cause of more vehicular accidents resulting in a fatality than those caused by drivers who are under the influence of drugs or alcohol.

In two thousand and thirteen there were three thousand one hundred fifty-four people killed in distracted driver related crashes. In just one year's time, there are three hundred and ninety thousand people injured in accidents caused by texting and driving. I personally do not use my cell phone when I drive, because it distracts me very easily. I suggest that drivers should be able to use their cell phone for an emergency purpose only. Even in a crisis situation, the driver should pull over to the side of the road before making a call.

I also encourage that the cell phone companies should be made to have the cell phone come from the factory to where if your cellphone is moving, it will not be allowed to ring or give you any notifications. In order to get your notifications, you will have to manually tell your cellphone to read that you are not driving for it to allow you to open the phone. It will then give you the notifications and or missed calls you have missed. In addition, it will not allow you to access absolutely any of your social media platforms or let you get social media notifications while you are driving.

In conclusion, my opinion on whether drivers should be using their cell phones while driving is that they should refrain from using their cell phone while driving. This is because driving is a task that requires a lot of focus and a cell phone is very distracting.

Driving while using a cell phone is now illegal because of how dangerous it is.        