A

merica itself is going down the drain,and its going down hard. Gas prices going up,the rise of obesity,and with Ninety precent of Americans staying home and watching T.V. instead of going outside and taking a nice walk. As an American it sounds crazy that somebody would get rid of their car,borderline insanity. However,in their cases they were justified to do so. To pay for a large garage on your new home which already cost you all that money you were saving is just not right. That's why these very few people have decided to throw away their keys and pick up a pair of sneakers in order to combat the extreme amount of prices,all for a piece of luxury we bought when we were sixteen.

I

f there is a place to start this off price is the best option. As I said before the prices that come along after you had the car are rediculous. All the taxes,insurance,not to mention if you want a house with a garage it cost you at-least forty thousand dollars along with your new home,as said in paragraph two. If you walk up to a person and spell this out to them they'd might say something like "Well its a necessity to get around and another stepping stone in life" saying this now,its not. I can make a choice and to whoever is reading this you look at this and ask yourself,maybe I don't need this junky Sedan to get around I have two legs and feet to get around. There's my question for you,would you rather pay lets say Twenty thousand on a New or Used car,or would you rather pay Twenty maybe even Ten dollars for a pair of new sneakers/running shoes. Take your time and think it out. While you do that,I'm going to go to my second option.

S

o lets move onto the cars themselves. A car in America is the basic standing point for which people get around. Aside from those with Motorcycles,Skateboards,Bicycles and Roller skates. Remember when you just got your lisence and you went with your parents to pick out your first car? Chances are,it was junky used pile of garbage,if not then congratulations on the new and expensive Dodge Camero. What are you gonna do first? Go out and hang with your friends? Nope! You're going to Allstate to pay for insurance,then making sure you have to pay every payment on your car so that it doesn't get Repoed,you might end up getting a second job,which leaves you zero time to yourself or to hang out with your friends. All because you wanted that shinney new car,or the used up hunk of scrap. Heck if you get a used car,chances are you're going to have to put in some work time to replace the parts and fix it up to make it look nice,making your money situation even harder. Not to mention the polution that they give off,not wanting to be the hippie in this situation but its true.

Paris itself enforced a partial ban on driving to clean up the smog that surrounded the French tourist hotspot

,as shown through paragraph Ten through Nineteen. I feel like I've made my point here,and now to close this up with my final paragraph.

T

o shut down this whole car talk,I'm going to give you an image of what it would be like to get rid of your car,if you're still reading this that is. Imagine that you finally tore apart you insurance bill because some kid chucked a rock through your window and burnt your 'Notice of Reposetion' on your car. Then you go back to the dealer and hand your keys and say "Keep the car,I don't need it anymore." as you then walk towards the nearest shoe store and pick yourself out a nice and comfortable pair of sneakers,and even get yourself a brand new bike. Now you can focus on keeping your house/apartment payments up,and whats this? You're getting thinner? More healthy? Its almost as like choosing to get rid of your car put your life on track to a healthier life style. Now you're walking to work with your amazing sneakers,and brand new pair of Six pack abs,good for you!

I

think I've made my point clear. A car maybe great,but its not something we need to survive. To go on myself,I like to see what life has in store for me,and a car would make me miss out of that by driving by too quickly. In short drop the keys and take a hike,literally.    