To the principle

I think that this is a good idea, but you could be a bit more lenient about the grade average that the students need to have. Instead of a B average it should something like a C or C+ average. Most students have a C average and most are already trying as hard as they can to achieve the grades that they currently get. Also if you lowered the grade average just a little bit the students would still trying to do better, for example if a student is getting D' s and F' s and the minimum grade that they can have is a C then they will be trying harder in school so they can play sports. Also the kids might be overwhelmed by all the school work and practice.

Most students have C averages and are trying as hard as they can, but if they were looking forward to playing a school sport and they had to have a B average then that student will probably not try harder either because they know that it would too much for them to handle or some people just have low self esteem. So if the grade average was a C' s then their self esteem will be raised because not only are they truly putting in as much effort as they can but they get to play the school sport they wanted to play and feel good about them selves.

Another thing is that if the grade average required was only a C and that student was getting D' s and F' s you would still be encouraging student to do better. If the grade average was a B and those students had D' s even if they tried harder the sport would probably end before the next marking period so they would not get to play that sport anyway. Or they simply might not try because they know that they will not be able to catch up in time for try outs.

Lastly the students might try harder but might get overwhelmed with all the school work and having to go to practice everyday so they would either not have time to do that work or forget they had to do it and then fall behind and get kicked off the team.

So i think i gave some pretty good reasons why the grade average should be lowered to a C average. I think that if you did that you would the perfect system. So change the grade average to a C so all the students who want to play sports can and feel good about them selves. Wouldn't you want to be able to do something you like maybe golf or even fishing, but you could because you were making enough profits at work that you knew that you could achieve? I don't know about you but that would make me pretty angry.