The internet today has made it possible to receive numerous amounts of resources in regards to online researching, reading, shopping, banking, including online teaching. The majority of schools today are primarily public which is beneficial towards students who are not able to afford a high class education. That being said, students who are privileged enough to be provided with a private education are expected to excel academically over student with a public education which often times in not always the case. Online schooling is beneficial to students as it is a cost efficient and tractable method of receiving a private form of education at the standard level.

A primary problem students face when attending a public school is that most times they are forced to attend the schools closest to where they live because of transportation or financial issues. With online schooling, students are able to attend the schools they wish without the issues in regards to transportation or the cost of resorting to on campus housing. For example, a high school student wants to attend a specific school that caters to a certain profession they are interested in. They get accepted into the program of their choice and are excited for the upcoming year...but then are torn by the fact that there is no bus available to pick them up. Their parents cannot drive them to school everyday because of the distance; they are now left with only dreams of what it would have been like if they would have attended their dream school. Online schooling would benefit this student because they have the option to enroll in the program and attend their designated school; also benefiting the parents.

Often times, students at the non college level are stuck in classes with people they either do not get along with or with friends who most of the time only distract one another from learning. Online schooling eliminates outside forces from disturbing ones concentration. Some may argue that learning from home is not beneficial for students because of the lack of supervision and how easy it is for one to get distracted in the comfort of ones own home. These types of tendencies can easily be prevented by: the supervision of an adult along side a child, the removal of cellphones or other distractions for a period of time, the creation of a comfortable work environment being an office or space on the dining room table. Students are also able to maintain a schedule when being provided with online schooling. By maintaining a schedule, students can sit through a class at any time of day that would benefit them the most, rather than having to wake up early for a class without the energy needed to efficiently process information.

In addition to learning in the comfort on ones own home, students are able to pause and replay recorded lectures in order to thoroughly understand and analyze the information. This comes in handy as students are often times discouraged in public settings to ask questions, to ask to repeat information, and to ask for help. At the college level, students are encumbered with having to write down everything the professor says, thus not being able to symotainiously analyze the information being said. This becomes a problem for many students, being that they are rarely able to communicate with professors for an one on one lesson; with online schooling, one is able to set online audio and visual meetings with professors to seek additional guidance.

Nevertheless, online schooling is an useful resource for those who are interested in learning in an environment that they feel the most comfortable in. Student who prefer to learn at their own pace will greatly benefit from online schooling as it aids students ability to academically succeed without the pressure of those around them.