"Ahhhhhh what will I do?" Generic_Name furiously said. Her mother Generic_Name replied back with, "Well honey, my opinion isn't always valid. You can always ask your friends, dad, and your sister." Generic_Name had wanted to paint her room for a long time now. She just couldn't decide what color she wanted to paint it, because of this, she had become furious with herself. Generic_Name thought to herself about how asking more than one person could help her make her best choice. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, because someone's advice may differ from others, they can cast a vote by asking many people, and someone may be giving you bad advice.

First off, an opinion is your choice and it's the way you view things. Your opinion does not have to match up with someone else's. When someone asks you for advice, your advice maybe be different from the other person that they ask. For instance, I may think that mango ice cream is the best flavor of ice cream, while my friend thinks that vanilla is the best flavor of ice cream. Many people many not agree with your choice but that's okay because they have their own preference. If Generic_Name asks her friend Generic_Name for her opinion she might tell her to paint her room blue, however when she asks her other friend Generic_Name, she might tell her to paint it pink. This also helps Generic_Name by giving her more ideas and options.

Another reason for asking multiple people for their opinion, is that it allows you to cast a vote and take majority for the win. Although you are asking different people for their opinion, some people may have the same opinion as another. Specifically, when you are getting the same responses you can start to tally them up and make your choice the one with the most votes. As congress men Jeff Standhill once said, "Casting a vote works as the best method when you're striving to make the best choice possible." For example, congress casts a vote across the entire nation, in which citizens vote on the president, each and every citizen gives their input on who the president should be. Casting a vote assures that you didn't just take one person's advice and leave the other's out.

Lastly, when you ask a certain individual for advice, they might give you the wrong advice. They could do this deliberately, or it might be by mistake. For example, Generic_Name's mom might have been giving her the wrong advice because she might have not known what to say.

By asking many people, you most likely won't take the wrong advice into consideration. Likewise, if you asked a person for advice on how to be someone's friend, and they didn't like that person, they might tell you the wrong advice so you don't become friends with them. For all of the reason stated above, it is important to seek for multiple opinions to make the best choice.

In conclusion, asking many more people besides her mom helped Generic_Name in various ways. At last, Generic_Name concluded that her she was going to paint her room light blue. Before she came to this conclusion, she asked all of her friends a question. She asked, "What color do you think I should paint my room?" As all of her friends gave their suggestion, she put a vote down for each color. In order to make her best choice Generic_Name, took multiple opinions because someone's advice may differ from others, she was able to cast a vote by asking many people, and someone may have been giving you bad advice.