Dear Senator PROPER_NAME,

Just recently President Barrack Obama, won the presidency in 2012. He recived 61.7% of the electoral vote, but only 51.3% of the actual population voted for him. Now, you might be thinking. So what? But there is something wrong here, and that is the "winner-takes-all" basis. Starting this of I will talk about what I think is wrong with the elctoral College, and how we can change it. In reading this letter I hope that I may persuade you to take this into consideration.

To begin, the Electoral College was created when the founding fathers thought it would be good to have a, "

compromise between the election of the President by a vote in Congress and end election of the President by a popular vote or qualified citizens.

" This states that the electoral college votes for President and Vice President by counting the number of electoral votes by congress. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. To win the Presidency at least 270 electors must vote for that President, but what if we the people vote another way than what they think?

The Presidential electon is held every four years. Most states have the "winner-take-all" system and most of the time we "help" the state electors chose who to vote for. As I said before in the 2012 election President Obama Recived 61.7% of the electoral vote, while the "people" voted only 51.3%. Now the "winner-takes-all" basis caused for him to get all of the votes in the Electoral College, rather than not having the College, and dividing the respective votes to the respective canidate. This ensures that everyone who votes has a say in who will become the next President. Even some of the small states that feel that,

"The residents of the other region are likely to feel disenfranchised-to feel that their votes do not count, that the new President will have no regard or their intrests, that he really isn't their President."

Furthermore, if we take the Electoral College out we will have a direct way of voting, and it will not take alot of manpower to do. We are in the great age of comuters, and this is how we would do it. Everyone stays home and when its time to vote, they pull out their smartphones, tablets, laptops, or desktops. Then they simply enter their social security numbet to make sure everyone gets only one vote and then,

BAM

, the computer takes all the numbers on who vote for who and this then creates a voting average on who won the most votes. Then the computer takes up the average from all of the states, and

DING DING DING, WE HAVE A WINNER.

Easy as that.

In conclution, we have all of the tools we need to remove the Electoral College and have, "We the people of the United States" vote for who we think should be in office. As I said we are in the age of technology and the voting now is slightly corrupted. If the people are voting for one thing and not getting it, or not getting the apropriate result then this is a parlementary goverment where the high ranking officials vote not us. So I beileve, and I hope I persuaded you enough to help argue against taking the Electoral College out, and repacing it with something that can give all of us a voice.

Thank You,

PROPER_NAME    