Many places around the world have been taking charge and limiting car use to the public. There comes some great advantages when doing this. You can help limit greenhouse gases, relieve the stress from cars, and become less dependent on your car for transportation.

The big advantage about limiting cars is to help prevent the rapid spread of greenhouse gases the creates smog in cities. From source two you learn that cold nights and warm days cause the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions polluting cities even more. With these dangerous gases in the air, the world is in great danger of becoming unhealthy and we are to blame for this awful cause because of the over use of cars. By limiting the use of cars you limit the amount of pollution in the air.

By limiting car use an finding other means of transpotation, you can actually relieve stress put on you from the constant beeping and noises made by cars. By walking or riding a bike you hear the nice peaceful sounds of the great outdoors while knowing you are doing good to you and the environment. Some people, as seen in source three, have taken this experience of the limiting of cars to share the experience with thier companion riding a two-seated bike. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."

By limiting the use of cars you begin to be less depended on cars. By this happening you learn your life will know longer be circled around your car and you begin to see that driving a car everyday is not really needed. By using public transportation of car-pooling you greatly decrease the amount of pollution in the air while also having a ride to work or where ever you need to be.

Limiting cars can have multipal advantages to it. You can help stop half of the greenhouse gases that are caused from cars, relieve stress, and become less dependent for the need a car. This will cause you to become a better citizen and help make the world last longer for hundreds of generations to come.                