Once upon a time, there was a girl. A pretty girl, but she wasn't a normal fairytale princess. She had a long day ahead of her and was already tired. Her days were long, her weeks were longer, and everyday she was waiting for sleep. Her schedule was busy and life was getting to hard to juggle. She talked to her friend about her struggles, but her friend didn't give her the best advice. He said, "you will be fine, it can't be that much." So she went on and did her best. Slowly, her grades were not as good as they used to be and she wasn't doing her best. She then talked to her mom about the issue. Her mom decided to help her with time management. Now, she happily gets everything done on time and is having fun doing it. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because people get different views, people get the best outcome, and people get the most truth.

Firstly, getting opinions from others is a part of life. Talking to people of different cultures and backgrounds gives you a unique perspective. Others don't always agree and those people are probably the people that you want advice from. This is because they are more likely to tell you how something is. Some people are more knowledgable on certain things than others. For example, I could go on and on about track and field, but couldn't tell anyone a single thing about football. While others, watch and play football regliously. The perspective of others, helps us to form our own perspective.

Secondly, in a scientific expirement, people are suposed to repeat the expirement at least three times to get the most accurate results. The same is with life: the more times someone asks, for advice, the better the outcome will be. In a 2016 study, 70% of people who reached out to three or more people about their issues saw in increase in joy and fufillment. This shows that asking people for advice only helps. Good choices stem from other people. That is why it is important to be a good role model. The final outcome that everyone hopes for is that the best choice is made for that person and the ones around them.

Thirdly, when asking more than one person, people get the most truth. It is logical that if anyone asks for advice from multiple people someone will be honest with them. We all have someone in our lives that we go to when we just want a honest and raw response. For example, I was at my first track meet. After the meet, I talked to my parents about how I did. My mom and dad told me that I did great, but my dad also told me what I can work on to be better next time. People are most truthful when they know someone can handle it. Therefore, don't take constructive feedback as a bad thing.

In conclution, different views are important to look for because everyone is in a different season of their life. Our reputation depends greatly on our actions and choices. In this same way, the kinds of people others go to for advice is important. Older and wiser people are going to give the best advice because they have probably been through something simular in their lives. It is honesty that helps keep people accountable. Overall, seeking multiple opinions helps everyone make better choices.  