Some of my friends perform community service. For example, some tutor elementary school children and others clean up litter. But some think community service is a waste of there time. So i am here to tell our school principal if we should be required to perform community service. So far i think its a good idea but i need reasons.

Community service is good for ever community but not all types. Lets talk about school there are over about 500 kids and to be honest only 20 percent of the kids care about there school. So if we made community service required how much of it do you think would actually get done. I think that it would be same way with homework because so many kids don't do homework it would just be the same with community service.

On the other hand community service would probably give students more time to actually help there school and show there school is good in there community by being a leader and picking up trash that isn't there's. This would also make them care a lot more about school work and start doing school work and helping there community by not being lazy all the time and blowing off homework and school projects. Community service would also let people know that, that school is the school i want my child to go to and have a positive affect on other people.

However, if schools made community service required then it would most likely turn schools around from being lazy and make there students fit and focused on school more then going home and playing on the computer or watching tv. Community service would also help the elderly and the environment by cleaning up trash that could even hurt animals. I think that if trash and spray paint on side of buildings would clean up our communities and make our schools and communities look more attractive for others.

Therefore, i think that we should have community service in our schools but it should also be optional so kids don't feel more pressured at school. Then if this works our schools should be better and more students would care about there future and school work. So community service couldn't hurt to try and i think it would have a positive affect on everyone. Now i look forward into hopefully more students enjoying school and helping there community.