Dear Principle,

It is obvious that community service is an important thing in a town or city, that benefit the location in many different ways. For example, cleaning up a neighborhood makes it look more appealing, in turn makes for a healthy environment for not only children but for everybody. But, it also depends on who is doing the work for the place and why they are doing the work, some people are required because they are charged with a crime and their sentence was to serve however many hour, days, etc of community service. To me, not only is this the most honest work but this person could pose a serious threat to the community under the circumstances of what they have done. another example would be for school, if getting into a certain school requires a person to have to do a certain amount of community service, that is a very important for not only the student, but it also serves a good purpose for the community. Not to mention, a schoolboy really does not cause someone to fear for their life!

But, there are also many reasons that this boy/girl may not want to part take in community service. Yes, it is a very important necessity for people to be cleaning up their neighborhood but they should not be forced into doing it. Many of the children these days attend extra curricular activities, so depending on what time they "must" attend community service, it might take away from other fun things they do fore themselves. Also, if the student is having trouble in school, with or without an extra curricular, forcing them to part-take in community labor would not only hurt their grades in school, but hurting grades means hurting everyone else, even your own family. Think about it, has a mother/father even gotten a bad report about their son or daughter from a school teacher and been thrilled? No, these parents want their children to succeed in school, and succeed in life. Also, what if the child just flat out does not want to engage in a straining activity like so? Maybe they would rather spend time with their family and friends, and get to meet new people. Being socially active is important also.

Aside from many negative effects, there are benefits out of doing community service, more than one at that. For example, most of the teenage population today spends most of their time on Facebook, or the internet mostly. Making the children have to get up and volunteer in physical activities is a good thing for them, getting active and creating a healthy life style. Why spend most of your time at home, playing video games, when you can be out in the world, meeting new people and doing new things? Not to mention, community service really makes a neighborhood shine. In other words, when people are determined to make a change in their town, it not only occupies their time, but other people's time so that they could make it better looking, for all sorts or reasons. Yes, to be honest, community service is a very important thing we need right now, but don't force labor, give these kids a chance, and make it voluntary. Let our voices be heard by an authority with power. Thank you, and goodbye.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME