Why teachers should designed summer projects? it prepares students to be ready for the next school year. Students actually do what they suppose to be doing. Students don't have tow worried about what they need to be working on. Teachers should designed summer projects because it helps students to learn more on what they need to do and students know what they need to be doing without stressing about it; however if students designed projects it could be wrong.

First, teachers should designed summer projects because it help students on what they need to do. For example, it helps students to get to the level where they have to be for the next school year and students actually understand the subjects better. Students actually get the work done because they are doing. Teachers should designed summer projects because it helps students get ready and prepare. students should do what their teachers asks them to do so that they can get better and prepare.

Second, students know what they need to be doing without stressing about it. Helps students to understand what they have to work on. For example, there are many students that stress about it because they don't know what projects they need to be doing. Students take their time and do their work because they know how to do it. Many students don't get work done at home during summer because they stress about not knowing what they suppose to be doing, that's why teachers should designed projects.

However, if students designed the projects it could be wrong. Many students are lazy and they forget about the projects. For example, there are many students that don't want to do anything during summer they just want to have fun so they finish the projects the fastest they can without knowing what they need to be working on. Most of the students work during the summer and they don't have to actually do their work correctly.

In conclusion, teacher should designed summer projects because it helps students to learn more on what they need to to be doing and students know what they need to work on without stressing about it; however, if students designed the projects it could be wrong. Many of the students don't have to worry on what they need to be working on because they have everything they need. Most of the time students do what they suppose to be doing. It helps students to be prepare and become better at any subject