Have you ever wanted to be with your friends but never have time or don't know of a place to go to? Well a extracurricular activity can do exactly that! Extra school activities such as Flag Football and Game Room are great places to talk and play with friends. Students should be required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity

One activity that is good for your health and is fun is sports. Sports can help you lose weight. While playing a sport your body burns calories and also burns off unneeded fats. Participating in sports can be lots of fun. While playing a sport you and your friends can talk and play and maybe even make new friends. Sports can help in future careers. Playing sports during a earlier time in life will add on experience and can help people in a career in that profession. Sports can be a great school activity for future careers, health, and just having fun.

Another club you can join is the Student Council. In this club you design and create the school dances. In the Student Council you create and design the dances so the other students will buy tickets and go to the dance. If you are in the Student Council you represent a portion of student views. While in the Student Council you and all of the other people there represent other students in some way which is why this club is so important. The Student Council makes decisions on events. The Student Council makes, organizes, and monitors all of the events going on and that are being planned. The Student Council is good for people who like designing, organizing, and helping other students.

Some students arent able to go after school. Some students have lots of homework and don't have any way to leave the school. Well Generic_School has late buses and have a homework club. With Generic_School's Generic_Name stay after you can also stay after school with a teacher then once you finished with the teacher you have the option to go to a club. Many clubs come with different benefits. Something like Game Room comes with the benefit of making new friends. Game Room also has the benefit of doing homework and learning new skills. Even if there are obstacles you can always make it to after school since Generic_School makes it so easy.

Students should have to do after school activities. I stand behind my opinion since its guaranteed that it will benefit the students in high school and out.