Why should someone seek out the opinions of other people to make a decision? Well, seeking the opinions of others while trying to make a decision is helpful in many ways. Speaking to a trusted friend will help one make a decision because he or she would want what is best for his or her friend. Also, different points of view are crucial in decision-making because the only way to make a well-informed decision is to be well-informed on all the possible choices you can make.

Primarily, good friends should want what's best for other people, so their opinions will be what they think is the best choice to solve a problem. This also applies to the advice of professionals such as doctors. Doctors are there to help people get healthy, so they will want whatever is best for their patient. A time when I used the advice of others was when I had to decide between going on a school trip to New York City or participating in my school's band concert. I sought out the advice of many of my friends. I trusted those people, so I knew that they would tell me what they thought was the right decision for me to make.

Another benefit of listening to other opinions is that hearing different points of view can make one realize all the aspects of the decision. Usually, humans are hard-wired to think that there is always a right and wrong way of going about things. Opening up to different viewpoints is an excellent way to help yourself make a decision because other people will share why they think their answer is right. This makes a person more knowledgeable about his or her problem, allowing him or her to make a more informed decision. This strategy has helped me make a decision in the past. When I was trying to decide between going to New York City or staying to help my band play well at our concert, many of my friends had contrasting opinions. My friends from band class compelled me to stay because this was our most important concert of the year, and the band always played better when everyone was there. On the other hand, my friends who were going on the trip pointed out that this was a very special opportunity that I had to take advantage of. I used their advice to help me make a good decision.

The advice of others eventually helped me make a decision, as it has helped many others. If someone asks for the opinion of someone he or she trusts, that person is sure to give advice that he or she thinks is best for their friend. Hearing different viewpoints than your own is also helpful in making an informed decision. While making a decision, it's important to keep the advice of others in mind. However, at the end of the day it is the duty of the individual to make his or her own decision.