Lots of people ask more the one person for advice, but do you know why? People tend or ask advice from more the one person because,they want approval from more then just one person. Most people ask more then one person because, they care more about more than one person advice so they can have more advice,they seek advice from parent ,or sibling, because they care about there family options. Mostly they want to take people advice into consideration when making a decision.

They care more about more than one person advice so they can have more advice. Let say they get an opinion form there two best friend, and they have the same advice its most likely the best advice. If you ask a group of people their advice, and they all have different advice then you can think what advice is the best. When you ask more then one person advice is most likely one of them will have similar advice that you have for yourself. They usually like advice form maybe there mom, or their sister.

When asking advice they usually seek advice from a parent, or a sibling. A lot of people seek parent advice because, their parent usually know whats best for them. When asking your sibling advice it tends to have a deeper affect on you, and its advice you will probably listen to. So when asking your parent, or sibling makes you reflect you own advice. Most people make several peoples advice when making a decision.

Mostly when taking more then one person advice you start to take all those peoples advice into consideration. When you hear someones advice and then you start to think about why this person advice will help in a certain situation. It can make you rethink something you did, or where going to do. Taking more then one person advice can make you think a hundred different things you never though of. It make you realize theres a lot of good advice for someone to take into consideration.

The point of taking a few people advice is that it make you think or reflect On thing youve done. It can help when taking your parents advice,or maybe when you sister advice. Asking for more than one persons advice so you have more advice is a good thing. In the end, asking more then one person for advice helps.