Facial Action Coding System can be valuable, and is more valuable then not. It allows computers to read emotions based off of muscles. the text says in the third paragraph, " The process begins when the computer construcks a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscels in the model must move like human musceks." It goes more in detail when what we can do, and can even tell a fake smile. The system will help out in many ways then anything else could help out. Facial Action Coding System is valuable for school because it can read the emotisons to tell if someone is understanding it, to show if the people who are learning on that topic enjoy it, and will make people more willing to do something.

First thing that it can do is read the emotsions of the person learn on the topic, then tell if they are getting it or not. If they don't get it, then it can signal the teacher that they need help or to go over it more in detail. This is very good since it will allow the teacher to better understand how his/her teaching methons work as well as if they can move on. The text even says that it can, for example it says, "'A class room cimputer could recignize when a studen is beciming confused or bored,'" showing that its not wrong. Being able to know that everyone gets it, and understands what the teacher is getting helps out big time. It could even require no test since everyone would get it, or even let them move on quicker.

The second thing that will be valuable to classrooms that the Facial Action Coding System can do is see if the people learning it is enjoying it. While it might be stupid to think about it, if the people learning as well as the person teaching it enjoys what they are going over they are more likely to want to do it. The text says in paragraph eight, "But in a false smile, the mouth stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a differnet muscle, the risorius." This shows that they cant fake a smile to make it look more enjoyable just because it's easy to them. Since it will read, and tell if people are enjoying what is being taught they can do things that everyone will be more willing to do. This will allow the class to move more quickly as well as more effectively.

The last as well as the most important thing the Facial Action Coding System can do is read the emotsions of someone to make them more willing to do something. While it can't do it directly it can however make them more happy, this will make them more willing to. Them being more happy makes them pay more attinsion due to them enjoying it. The text says "According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles ot only expresses emotsions, but also may even help produce them." If it can help produce a smile then it will change emotsions. The changing of emotsions can allow teachers to do some subject that is boring. The subject will become tired then the Facial Action Coding System will know then change the emotsion. Changing this emotsion in a good way will make them more happy, and possibly enjoy it more.

While this system will have many down sides such as cost, people messing with it, and a lot of complants. These are things that come with everything no matter what it is. This Facial Actsion Coding System has so much potintsion that can be used to help the class rooms. Making the students happy with it makes them like school more even. There isn't any good reason or set of reasons that is better not to have it then to have it. The Facial Actsion Coding System is very valuable to students in the class room, and should be used. 