Being trapped in a situation can be like getting stuck inside a cave not knowing a way out. That's why many people seek multiple opinions from others to make better choices. Seeking multiple opinions from others can help someone make a better choice by, viewing different point of views, knowing how to respond, and can prevent getting hurt.

To begin with, asking others for help can benefit one in a situation by viewing a different point of view. Asking others for opinions can save you from making a mistake that can have a big role in what you say or don't say. Also hearing from others can prevent you from getting in trouble, taking hand action can cause the problem to osculate. For example you can compare yourself within someone else's situation and see how to confront the situation. It can be like you having problems with a friend, they expose and lie on your name you can seek help and know how to defend yourself. It can go from being in a tragic situation to being guilty just by asking others for there point of view.

Furthermore, asking others for opinions can have a big influence on how to respond to the situation. Not knowing how to respond or what to do can make a deep hole. For instance knowing what to do can make you take action quicker, reacting to the situation quicker leads to solving it quicker and having less stress in your life knowing you no longer have to worry. Responding to the situation in an incorrect way just leads to more problems and stress. It's like carrying rocks on your back its a pain in order to make a better choice you have to know what to do to get out of it.

At last, talking to more that one person can prevent from someone getting hurt. Either physical, emotionally, or mentally everyone been hurt my someone and knows how it feels like being stuck in a situation without any help. When someone being hurt it can be hard for them to seek for someone's else opinion on the situation, It can be like being in a toxic relationship you not wanting to be with them but they threaten you it's hard to not know what to do. That's why seeking for multiple opinions can make someone life easier they have enough opinions on how to end something its more likely to end getting hurt and know what's best for them. For that reason, asking others on how to deal with something can give a helping hand and make better choices on themselves.

In conclusion, Asking others for advice can make your life easier. You never know when someone else has been in your shoes it the same situation. They can give you a helping hand and make sure you don't commit a mistake or by helping you end a suffer of stress when in a situation. All together, seeking multiple opinions can make you make a better choice, just by viewing a different point of view, knowing how to respond, and how to prevent from getting hurt. Next time your stuck in a situation go ask your friends or peers for there advice or opinion on your situation to make a good choice and feel better.              