Do you want to have extra activities in school to make you more tired and grumpy? NO! You shouldn't have a extra activity if you're not willing to do it. I have 3 reasons why you shouldn't take a extra activity. Doing an extracurricular activity is horrible because, you may have family to go home and take care of, you might have a after school job to attend and; finally, you may have to babysit your siblings.

Your whole family is depending on you to come home everyday and care for them, you cannot be wasting your time on what the principle says. Your mother may be sick or your father could be dyeing from a illness that no one knows about. Your time can't be wasted by an activity you're not wanting to do. If they try and try to make you do something you are not wanting to do then say, " No, I have my family that I love and care about passionately, I have no time to do an activity I'm not wiling to do." Extra activities take up way to much time; although, it may be helpful you still have to think to yourself and say, " I have more important tasks to do."

Would you rather work a job and get paid or, do a sport and waste precious time taking all your energy? You can work at Subway, Chick-Fil-A, and at a Burger King. Do you really want to participate in a sport or an activity? A job lets you meet new incredible people, help take care of responsibilities, and get more cash. You can't get that from doing a extra activity all you're doing is what your school or principle wants. Working at a job can also, provide you a lot of currency from doing what they need, you also have to think to yourself, " Can I really live in this world without money."

You're the oldest in your family and; although, you hate watching your siblings, mom still wants you to do it. You can't say no to your mother, you have to say no to your principle, he or she is incorrect. You shouldn't be made to do a extracurricular activity ever, especially if you're made to participate in it. Your teachers, principles, nor peers know what is going on at home so, they cannot make you do anything you are not willing to do. Your siblings may be in elementary school, middle school, or even high school but you still have to give them care and protect them when your parents aren't around.

In conclusion, you now know why you have the right to say, no. You should use your time wisely by,

taking care of your families, having a after school job, or babysitting your siblings. There are more tasks to do in this world then to do everything that the schools want you to accomplish so you have to stand up for yourself.

When you head back to school on Monday go to your principle and say, " I have better and more caring things to deal about." You may get into trouble, but you fought your will and you made the right and important decisions. 