Is it better to talk to multiple people then just one person, or is it better just to talk to that one person? I think it's better to talk to multiple people because you might have some really good answers/responses, hearing what other people think is good and motivating you in life, and at least one of five people will have a good answer on a specific subject.

First, let's start off with you might having some really good responses/answers. One of them is the wide variety of responses you get. Half the time I ask people a question, they either give a good answer, or multiple people have the same answer. There is also some creative answers that you can get. One of my teachers taught me a little shortcut for a math problem and that shortcut made it so much more easier. Another way is it helps you understand the problem. I ask my friends/teammates what type of drill we are doing for hockey and they will respond. Asking a lot of people might give you some really good answers/responses

Second, is hearing what other people think is good and motivating you in life. One of the people that helps become better as both a man, and an athlete are coaches. Coaches tell me how to improve my game on both offense and defense. Another person that helps me to become a good person are teachers. They motivate me to become a more successful person in life, and also educate me all these facts I never knew about, they also help me get a good solid job for my future self. Last but definitely not least, are my parents. They motivate me to become a respectful man, an intelligent man, & always tell me to become a better person every day. Asking people questions to become a better man helps you become a successful man.

Lastly, the last topic is at least one of 5 people will have a good answer on a specific subject. One of the subjects is civics. I have a lot of smart kids in civics and they know what they're doing so, I ask them a question sometimes, on how to do a specific problem. Then there is science. A lot of my friends are in that class, so I can ask them a question, but if they're not there, there is still a lot of nice, good, smart kids in science. Lastly, there's Spanish. A couple of kids that I know kinda well are in that class like Eddie, he's a really nice kid and we sometimes work together on projects, so I can ask him questions a lot. When ask at least 5 people, you will definitely get a good response back.

I think it's better to talk to multiple people because you might have some really good answers/ responses, hearing what other people think is good and motivate me in life, and at least 1 of 5 people will have a good answer on a specific subject. These are the reasons why you should talk to more then one person on a question