Studying Venus is a very worthy pusuit. To study Venus we could learn so much more information than we already have. Venus is said to be the closets realtion to Earth but we cant prove that unless we go explore it.

In the Article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the author describes Venus as a very dangerous place full of many challenges that could extreamly hurt anyone trying to explore it. Venus has challenges like air pressure, heat, earthquakes, lighting strikes to probes, volcanos, storms, radiation, and highly corrosive sulfuric acid clouds. The heat on the surface of the planet is said to be close to 800° Fahrenheit and the pressure is 90 times greater than it is on Earth. Because of these factors it is almost immposible to be explored by any human.

Venus should still be explored because there are so many things we need to find out about it. The planet Venus "might have at one point been the most earth like planet in our solar system"(paragraph 4). This is something that would be extreamly important to find out since is could have recources like water and minerals living on the surface. It is also not for sure but "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth"(paragragh 4). This is something that could help scientist to determine if or what life forms could have one survived there. This could also help scientists figure out how other planets eco-systems work and thrive.

Although that would be great to find out, the dangers are so high on the planet that it would be almost impossible to figure out. However, some solutions are there. one solution would be to "allow scientists to float above the fray"(paragraph 5). This means scientist and explorers would float about the clouds and the surface of Venus and examine it from the top. Doing this would keep everything away from the person and make their travels safer. At that level "the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth"(paragraph 5). The dangers from the air would be significantly less than that at surface level. This is a very plausable solution that would help us explore and keep science safe.

Venus is a planet that needs to be explored despite the dangers. It would be very profound to science and would help us understand how it use to be in the past, as well as how it has changed over hears. It would be a risky mission but thanks to science and engineering there are always possible solutions to keep everyone semi safe and explore all that we can.   