I am for the development of driver-less cars. Television and movies have long been fascinated with cars that could drive themselves. Google has made cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009. Having driver-less cars in the near future would make it a lot easier on adult drivers. The drivers would still have to be alert, but the cars would alert them at any time there is danger or at any time the drivers need to be extra careful. I agree with the development of having driver-less cars.

The new driver-less cars have sensors. Google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS reciever, and an inertial motion sensor. Automakers use speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone.

The driver-less car still needs a driver no matter what technology they bring into the automotive systems. Dr. Werener Huber says that they have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. Some manufacturers suggested that they do that by bringing in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. The display could be turned off when the driver needs to take over. In this way, the in-car system is actually a safety feature and safety is a big concern when it comes to driving.

Most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. Lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers. Traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. Driver-less cars wouldn't be breaking the laws by driving them around becuase driver-less cars have to have a human driver in the car at all times incase something were to go wrong. The human driver would be able to fix the problem.

Automakers are continuing their work on solving all the problems that will need to be solved ahead of time before human drivers can start driving these cars. Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020. The road to the truly autonomous car stretches on ahead of us all, but we are growing closer to the destination every day. I personally agree with the making of driver-less cars.      