The idea of driverless cars scares me. I am not for driverless cars for the fact that the expences would be through the roof, you wouldn't be responisible while driving, and it's complete laziness.

Imagine if kids were to get these kinds of cars. Think about how they would think. In their minds they will think that they could be on their phone or sleep and not have a care in the world. In the article, it states that the driver needs to be fully aware of what is going on at all times. Kids will think "This seems like a great time to be on my phone, listen and dance to some music, or maybe even catch up on some sleep." Kids are irrespnsible and take priveleges for granted. I, being a kid, know this.

Our world has a lot of middle class people in it that don't have the kind of money it will take to buy these kinds of cars. If our world makes this movement, what will happen to the people that can not buy these cars? Middle class and lower will have to use self-driven cars that require full attention. In this article, it doesn't state whether or not we will have to change how our rodes are made, but I would think that there would have to be some kind of change to them in order for this to work fully. Therefore, what will happen to the people with the self-driven cars?

I feel like this whole idea is based completely out of laziness. I feel it is just an excuse to be irrespnsible and let a robot do everything for us. I don't feel that this a step in the right direction for man kind. I do believe it may create less accidents, but I don't feel okay with it at all. In my mind, I believe that this one idea can lead to the idea of self-driven chairs. I think if we ever get to this point we are going to end up like one of the movies I watched as a kid, "Wall-e". In the world setting of "Wall-e", human beings are completely supported by machines. These humans are over weight and have barely any muscle anymore. Personally, I don't want our world to end up this way and think it will if we continue to support these experiments.

If self-driven cars are created and functionable, I think our world as we know it will continue to expand on this idea of machine responsibilty; and it will not look good for humans.   