I agree that you should have one extracurricular activity. It helps kids learn more and help them become a better student and a student athlete. These are examples of what could help students become a better student or become a better student athlete and those are Football, Math Clubs and the benefits of joining the clubs.

Football is a great extracurricular activity its a great way for you to be a team working athlete and student. the sport is great for what it is but it teaches you a lot of team work. Football is great for being stronger especially with all the training. most of the training is footwork, how to be in a proper stance and just making sure your in the end zone when they need you to be. Just because you play football doesnt mean they dont check your grades. Football coaches are always on you about your grades, your grades matter because you are a student athlete. the benefits of playing football is just making sure you have great time management because practices are long and might not have time to do all of your home work. i think football is great extracurricular activity

Math club is another great extracurricular activity! its a great way for you to learn math and even compete if your great at the subject. math is a really hard subject you've gotta be onto of it and write lots of notes for you to get it, it takes a lot of time but it defenintly gets u smarter and gets you into the mood to take notes for other classes. math is very hard, but doesnt mean you cant be great at it thats why they offer u opportunities to compete in competitions. the benefits of being in a math club is always making sure u are good at the subject and just having good time management.

football and math clubs are great extracurricular activities, but the benefits of it are what u need to know to succeed in them. Having good grades is huge for those extracurricular activities they wanna see that your doing good at school. In football they wanna make sure you understand that being a student athlete means to be doing good in school and making sure your smart about your decisions so u have time to do all your school work and other things outside of school and sports. for math club they want to see the same. they want to see that your doing great ins school and making sure you are being great at the subject you enjoy. Time management is a very important thing to be aware of. As an example if you had a 2 hour practice at 7:30-9:30 u should realize that right after school u should go home do school work or whatever is needed to be done before your practice and thats all done thats something called time management because you are aware of what u have to do and when u need to do it.

reasons why kids should have extracurricular activities are just making sure they something to do during the day, especially with a subject they like or even maybe just to try something new. so having one extracurricular activity helps kids find something new and to enjoy to have some company during he day. this will even help kids get smarter in a subject they usually dont like or they could be good at it without even knowing and be great it so thats why i agree with kids having one extracurricular activities.

football, math clubs and the benefits of the extracurricular activities is why i agree with having at least one extracurricular activities will help kids be smarter, have team working abilities, and of course being able to try something new or to do what they love!