The use of the FACS is both valuable and not valuable. Humans are very complex, and they can learn to adapt. Humans can learn to be more deceitful and learn to hide thiings better. I know because, I, myself, am a human.

The ability to detect human emotions is not valuable because some humans are embarassed when others know what they are feeling, and they would learn to keep their face neutral while feeling because they don't want to constantly be read like a book by some robot.

This technology could be valuable because you could tell when kids in school are getting mad or even have depression or anxiety. Facs could help us to help the future generations of students to talk about their emotions because they won't have to state how they feel, but a robot would be doing that for them.

FACS is not the best idea because some kids like to keep to themselves and just the thought of eveyone knowing how you feel constantly would give them anxiety and make them fearful to feel because of what others may think and so on and so forth.

I dont think that using this technology is a valuable idea because then the government could end up taking the technology into the real world and using it against the people. I am not okay with being read but a robot, personally.

This technology could also help to keep schools safe, by letting the administration know when someone if looking guilty or even if they are starting to get angry because of something, it could help to stop some school shootings because the students would have a certain emotion to them and then we would know to pull that student aside, or it could help students who have anxiety to tell when they need to step out of class and go for a walk or use their coping skills.

I don't have a straight forward opinion on the new technology because it has alot of pros and cons. I talked about a few in the paragraphs above and while rereading my writing, I realize that I have a neutral perspective on all of this due to how many pros and cons there really are, and the ability for humans to adapt. 