picture this your just about to leave a long day of school, but then you remember you have to go play a sport that you dont even want to play , because you were forced in to it well that's what this principle wants to do. You should not be forced into anything you dont want to do its not fare. Who has the right to say I should and should not do with my free time. Plus it would put too much stress on the kids and you dont even know what in there free time, besides it's just unconstitutional to say all kids must do extra out-of-school work.

First off, you dont even know what kids do in there free time. Some kids skate,or cook you know hobbies and your taking there hobbies away from them. Most things you cant do in school like cook ,or skate and they would never get approved. some kids would prefer to skate than throw balls around. Some kids do chores or yard work when they get home, so if there not home to do them then it will never get done. Do you see the problem here if the chore dose not get done the house will look trashy. Im just saying some kids get exsersize by pushing lawn mowers. I myself gained most of my muscle from mowing lawns and walking to school

Second of all, this all can be very stressful. Keeping up with a sport and school can be very stressful. if you dont know working out and doing home work dont really match up too well. It can be stressful focusing on two things. It could even affect ones mental health . If a kid is not in the right mental head space and loose a lot it can make them feel depressed and make and them feel worthless. I mean teen suicide has been increasing over the years bet this example and a few more things like bulling could make a man go mad.

Its very unconstitutional to say some one must do something ,in this case make them do a after school activity. Its like taking ones amendments . Saying must is like communism your basically saying we dont have a choice. Kids should have a say in what they want to do with there life . Not every body wants to play a team sport ,some people find more enjoyment in solo games. If a kid dose not want to play in school who cares let him be. The constitution say that we can do any thing we want unless its harming people and hes saying I must do this that dose not sound very patriotic now dose it.

Some people might say "kids need excersize" well this is true for everyone and my response to that islet them dig there own path let them take life how they want if they just want to relax the entire time let them do that. Let them control there life let them enjoy it. If you want to take life one step at a time go head be you. Dont let some one tell you your to lazy.

I dont see the reasoning behind his idea . I should not be forced to do any extra work that i dont want to do. They dont know what I do in my free time I dont know what they do in their free time lets keep it that way. It would just stress the kids out and no one wants that . It's so unconstitutional he would probably get sent to jail if even proposed the idea. 