There are many things i find wrong with this policy change Mr. Principal. i think that by enforcing this policy you are discriminating athletes.

First, you are only enforcing this rule on athletes and not other clubs and organizations. Since we live in a society where every thing has to be fair, if you do this it must include every kid at school that is doing more than their required to.

Secondly, if we are doing things that are not required of us to do it by the school, then the coach should set the rules. We don't have to play to make a good football, baseball, track, etc. so we can attract fans to our games that will buy spirit items and food and drinks that the school profits from. we could just come to school learn and leave and not attract fans to our athletic events so when they have children they will come to our school. Some of our best athletes can just barley get by, because that's all their capable of.

Altho it may inspire some people to work harder, it will only be a small percentage that actually work for it. most will think that they just can't do it so they will give up hope and they will most likely have to much free time and will start developing bad habits, and do something stupid and get themselves killed or someone else killed. For some people sports is something to look forward to in life its what helps get them through a lot of hard times, when most people would look for something else, probably illegal.

i have seen someone in sports do something great with their life. i have also seen an eighth grader resort to drugs and alcohol and got drunk and brought some to school and he got caught and will probably do it again until some one teaches him better, or he finds something better to do than get drunk and do drugs. i would like to see how his life would have turned out if he would have gotten into sports.

Some people may turn out like him if you take there want to get better in life if you tell then they can't play sports. now how would you feel if you made someone turn out bad when they had a chance to do great things with their lives.