I do not think students will benefit from attending class from home because even though it may seem easier and more fun students will be missing various skill that can be only be gained in school,and they will face other obstacles along the way like:procrastination,lack of peer resources,and loss of hands on experience.

Students who attend classes from home will be in the comfort of their home which is the exact reason it wont benefit them. Being in the comfort of your home will tempt students to loose track and not stay focused while in a school environment there are teachers who make that task almost impossible. Also,students who take school from home will procrastinate much more because of the fact that there arent technically any peers to help them get back on track.

Which me brings me to my next point ,peers. They are a fundamental part of life, they help us and change us to be a better person,but for students who take school from home they lack the support of peers and teachers. Which ultimately leaves them out of the experience of a real life scenario because in real life you will be surrounded by people and wont be in the comfort of your home. School has the ability to teach you those skills you need when you grow up, and in school they not only teach you the skills but make you apply them in the school environment which leads you to be better prepared in the future.

That brings me to my final point which is students being prepared for the future. Students who take in school classes learn necessary skills that they will use throughout their life;for example,public speaking,social conduct,and time management. These are important skills that students can only learn in school and students take online school will be missing out on these benefits because with online school your only interaction is with a computer screen which gives you no no life skills whatsoever. Students who take online school gain no benefit from it because it offers no vial skill ; the only skill they can gain is following textbook concept tutorials that have no emotion behind them(another lack of peer resource).

Ultimately,online class may seem like a better alternative but the cons clearly outweigh the pros leaving you with nothing but a screen to look at and a future that you arent ready for.             