Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Schools goal is to offer for students classes from home to make sure students do their best in order to pass and graduate. Students would be benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students love the idea of taking their courses at home, will have more time to do any activities they could not do in school day time, and its more easier.

First, students love the idea of taking classes at home because students do not have to wake up early for school, that give students more time to sleep and all of us know how important to get your daily hour sleep on our brains. Also, it's good for students who are shy for what ever reasons. I know someone who took classes at home for third and fourth quarters, so he didn't have to go to school. The classes he took started at six PM every Monday and Wednesday. This guy told me that online classes were helpful for him and made him pass.

Second, students will have more time to do any activities. Schools started at eight AM and ends at three PM. At this time, students could do any thing like working in the morning time or help parents in anything or do anything else. Students could use this seven hours to do anything that may help them in the future. As I said before, online classes start at six PM and ends at eight PM. Generic_Name, my closest friend, took classes at home, so he could work and get money.

Students take classes at home at home because it's more easier. Many students said that is better to take our classes at home because it's more easier and teachers teach in really simple way that make anyone understand than what school do. Students wants to pass so they takes the easy way that the school offer to pass, and as I said before, schools offer distance learning to make students succeed. Generic_Name, one of my best friends, took online classes, and he told me that's his teacher was really good because of the way that the teacher taught them back then, makes everything easier and simple that even a kid could understand it.

Schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home not just because it's easy or can attend it from home. Schools goal is to make sure we succeed on this classes, and that's what schools here for. Is to open the way for us to create the future because if students are 20% of our present, they are 100% of our future. Some people or students do not like the idea of taking classes from home and will disagree with me. After all everyone have his own way of thinking and living. So what do you think of taking classes at home?