The using of of this new technology called the Facial Action Coding Systems should be used to read the emtional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. This technology can help many students in need without having to ask the teacher or professor for help. The students wont need to feel ashamed about asking a questionfor help because with this technology it'll make things more clearly for you to understand.

In the text it states it explains to you how this new technology can scan your facial recognitions and can tell how you're feeling. First the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of your face and all 44 major muscles in the modele must move like human muscles. In the text it states, "Eckman has classified the six basic emotions which are happines, surprise,anger, disgust, fear, and sadness." All these emotions are associated with the characteristics movements of your facial muscles. Some examples he talks about is when you're surprised your frontalis pars lateralis muscle above your eyes are raised; another one is when your orbicularis oris, around your mouth tightens your lips to show anger. This software can identify misex emotions and each expresion is compared to a neutral face that shows no emotion.

This new technology advancement would be able to recognize one's emotions but we can't always rely on technology. For instance we don't need technology to know when a friend is sad but we can just recongize their expresions by simply looking t their face. This technology can also be misleadng, In the text it states, "A classroom computer could recgnize when a student is becomine confusef or bored..Then it culd modify the lesson , like an effective human instructor." Yes this technology can read facial expressions but can they truly understand why we are feeling this way or whats going on through our head. We can be in class learning a lesson but you can be confused about not what you're learning but of something else that's going across your head. Like any other technology. this new technology can work both ways a student it can either help them or bring them down.

Much of the human communication is nonverbal which includes emotional communications, so computers need to understand that too. This technology is basically based upon the muscular action units one gives away. In the text states, "They even indicate the difference between a geneuine smile and a forced one. In the real smile, the zygomatic major (muscles that begin at your cheek bones) lift the corners of your mouth. Meanwhile, muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus make crow's-feet around your eyes. But in a false smile, the mouth is stretched sude ways using the zygomatic major and and a different muscle, the risorius." They say faces don't lie, so this technology would be able to read even the fake smile you put on.

The Facial Action Coding System may help the students in many different ways. It can help them with a lesson that they don't quite understand or confused about. It can recognize if youre truly happy or faking or any oter emotions you may be feeling. Yes you know how you are felling but this technology can help give you the confidence you need. This system shows how it can improve one's life by it understanding your facial muscles that give away your expressions. You won't be ashamed to ask questions nor be laughed at because this technology will help you without you realizing it. While you're confused on the lesson this technology would modify the lesson like an effective human instructor so you'll understand the lesson mre. 