"Car-free"

Many drivers around the world are deciding to take a break from driving and have now decided to "think green." Although some may disagree that this could be helpful toward the enviroment there is evidence that says it is helpful. Some may not see the point and think that this new epidemic is inconvienient but maybe they just are not educated about these new ideas.

Throughout the globe multiple cities have found ways to use some forms of public transportation, riding bicycles, and even walking to get themselves where they need to go. For example, Bogota, Colombia has a "car-free" day every year where only public transportation is avalible. Like Enrique Riera said in paragraph 26 the people of this city in Colombia are a part of this great change that encourages others to join in. The author also states in paragraph 28 that there is new parks and sidewalks which would have a positive affect on the attractiveness of their city.

Imagine having a "car-free" day everyday of the year. That is exactly what a new city in German has done. Vauban, German was built in 2006 as a suburb with no real streets or parking spaces. Citizen of this new city only have to places to park their cars, in a large garages outside of town with a space costing $40,000 or in their home. As said in paragraph 3 most of the families in Vauban do not own a car and more than half sold their cars to move into the "car-free" city. Most of the citizens feel less stressed and more relaxed  about no longer having a car also.

Surely you're thinking "What about the U.S.? They're one of the most powerful countries in the world they must have some insite on this new trend." As a matter of fact they do. The U.S. has slowly started to take a break from the automobile. More and more of the new generations have decided to not get their driver's licenses. In most big cities in the U.S. such as New York most of their citizens do not own a car and rather just walk or use other transportation due to traffic. It can be easier just to walk somewhere rather than to sit in a car thats bascially parked due to such bad traffic. In other parts of the U.S., there is a new trend of car-pooling which can not only have a positive impact on the enviroment but can also save you money. In paragraph 43, even Bill Ford, executive chairman of the Ford Motor Company, agrees that less use of a car can have a positive impact.

Overall, the reduction of private vehicle transportation can help reduce the negative affects on the enviroment and on other aspects of life such as stress level. Multiple countries have started to join in this new world-wide idea of how to make this world a better enviroment for the future and most all of them have contrirbuted having others try it out. If we all are willing to give up a little for one thing it can make a big difference for everyone in the world's future.    