There are many advantages throughout the world that would come from limiting car usage. Countries have been limiting and getting rid of cars and it has only ended up becoming a benifit. If we stop using cars so much we can avoid things that about to happen soon. For example, greenhouse gasses are going to run out, cars cause financial issues, and the more cars there are being used the more polution there will be in the world.

Nowadays communities like Vauban are rising up all over the world. People have given up their cars to live i that community or bought a space towards the edge of the community to park their cars. About 70% of the community gave up their cars to live there, 50% sold their cars to live in Vaubans. People in Vauban were interviewed and some say they are much happier without a car because they were tense with one. In Europe the way of living like Vauban has spread in Europe as a trend. Stores are placed on main streatsd instead of malls so you can get there easily without a car.

For a while there was a partial driving ban in Paris. Paris had smog as bad as the pollution in Beijing which is one of the most polluted cities in the world. About 4,000 drivers were fined and 27 were impounded for not complying with the temporary car ban. The people of France blamed Diesel fuel for the pollution as 67% of vehicles in France run on Diesel. The temporary bans on were erased when the smog was cleared a few days after.

For three years Bogota, Columbia has dedicated a day to a day with no cars. In this day people can only use busses and taxis as a form of automobile transtoprtation. The goal is said to be to promote alternative methods of transportation and reduce smog. Violaters were charged with $25 fines. Later on, the cities Cali and Valledupar, joined the event. People got around walking, biking, and hiking.

Limiting car uses can lead to better things. Less pollution is definitely one of the benefits of driving less due to the smog produced. People have been in better financial situations and have been living better lives because of it. We will soon be running resources so the less we use the resources we have, the more we will have for the future.    