Dear state senator,

I think that we should keep the Electoral College. By keeping the Electoral College, there will be no problems in elections to where no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. The process is like a "winner-take-all" system. In the Electoral College a presidental candidate must have trans-regional appeal.

To begin, there are run-off elections. Run-off elections will make sure that no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast. The Electorial College will help make it clearer to see which candidate is the winner. For an example in 1992 Clinton had only 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, then won a majority in the Electoral College.

Next, the Electoral College has a "winner-take-all" process. States such as Florida (29), Texas (38) and California (55) have a high amount of electoral votes. If there was a tie between two candidates and the votes from Florida were not put in yet, one of the candidates has a better chance of winning. Most candidates will try to persuade and win the higher states votes so that they will have a better chance of winninig. What's nice about the Electoral College, it causes the toss-up states to pay close attention the the campaign.

Finally, every candidate running for office must have a trans-regional appeal. None of the regions in the United States has enough electoral votes to elect the new president. When a canidate goes and campains in one region without thinking about he will not gain his electoral votes. Normally a candidate that has only regional appeal will be unlikely to be a successful president.

To conclude, the choice of keeping the Electoral College would very very wise and helpful. The Electoral College makes sure that there are run-off elections, it has a "winner-take-all" system, and that every canidadte running should be trans-regional. Even though in the Electoral College is not democratic and that only a slate of electors vote, a decent amount of times of when the people would pick that one candidate the electors would pick the same one.    