Dear, Senator of Florida

After reading this article about Electral College, I believe that we should keep Electoral College because it makes it easier to count up all the votes for the president of the United states. One of my main reasons is because what if we get a tie on the votes, there is a whole prosses that we need to go through just to break up that tie. If we have Electral College then it makes it easier because we just count up the amount of electral votes given to each state.

I stated that we should keep Electral College because it makes it earier to count up the "electral votes" for the president of the United States. I said this because on Source 1: What is the Electral College?, "the Electral College consistes of 538 electors. Amajority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President."(Office of the Federal Register,3). Also if we get a tie there is a whole prosses that we go through to break up that tie. According to, Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defense of the system are wrong, "in that case,the election would be throuwn to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president."(Plumer,12).

My other reason for us to keep the Electoral College is because it makes it so much easier for them to count up how many votes we get in the whole United States just to chose out president. According to the map on Source 3: In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President, it showes that deppending on how popular or how big the population is in the state, it has more electoral votes. This has nothing to do with how big or small the state is, for example the state of Alaska is the United States biggest state and it only has 3 electoral votes but the state of callifornia wich is very small compaired to Alaska has 55electoral votes. the reasons that they state in Source 3: In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President, are very interesting and can convince you to keep Electoral College. "1) Certainty of Outcome, 2) Everyone's Presiden, 3) Swing States, 4) Big States, and 5) Avoid Run-Off Elections."

Hopefully I got you to keep Ellectoral College and forget about the idea of changing to electing the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. I have stated my oppinion of the topic and hopefully you will agree with me.                 