Nobody is perfect. Making better decisions is something that all people can strive for. It is important that you ask for other people's opinions when you need help making a decision. The average person would say that they would take back a decision or choice they made in the past or would want to change something. The choices we make each day affect our lives going forward and for our own sake, we need to make better choices. Getting advice from multiple people can help you to avoid personal bias, see from new perspectives, and get help from qualified people.

When being tasked to make an important decision, it is important that you avoid personal bias and take other people's ideas and thoughts into account. People with biased minds often already have a decision in mind before making a decision and usually will not change their mind. In order to avoid bias and make the right choice, you have to think about all the outcomes to all decisions and ponder each one. For example, when betting on a sports team to win a game, you must think about how realistic your preferred outcome is. People who are fans of one team often bet that they will win even though that possibility is highly unlikely. Everybody has a personal bias and it is matter of controlling it. Seeking other people's opinions can help you to be unbiased and make the right decision, rather than making the more personally favorable one. Finally, allowing your mind to be clouded and biased will not help you make a better choice.

Asking for advice or opinions from others can help you see from a new perspective. When viewing a decision from others opinions, you may learn new information and realize things that you had not before. When I make a decision, I ask my parents, siblings, and friends for advice because I want to see what type of lens they are viewing my decision from. Depending on what they may say, my thoughts, ideas, and choice may all change. Seeing from other people's view may spark your imagination to think of a new choice or to understand that a certain choice is bad. Not trying to see from another point of view or believe that your choice is wrong is like having tunnel vision, one dimensional and myopic. Being able to see from multiple different perspectives can help you to make the best choice because it is not always your own or your best friend's perspective that is the best.

Getting advice from other people can help when making a decision because they may be more knowledgeable or experienced on a topic. It is important to listen to these people because they have a better understanding on the possible outcomes, pros, and cons. Conversely, you should take the advice of someone who is less knowledgeable or is less experienced on a topic into account less. For example, asking your friend who has a bad grade in science class for help on homework is not a good idea. Asking your parents, siblings, or a friend that is very good at science is a better choice. Next, people who are more experienced and have made the right or wrong decision in the past are also people that can help you make better choices because they can tell you first-hand what to do in certain scenarios. When needing to know whether you should take a class over the summer or not, asking someone who has already been in the class will have a better understanding on if you should or should not than yourself or someone who has not taken the class. The advice of more qualified people should be searched for when trying to make the best choice.

Each day you make hundreds of choices and each choice you make effects more than just yourself. They effect your parents, siblings, peers, etc. It is important that we all try to make the best choice possible each day. Asking others for their thoughts, opinions, and advice on what you should do is critical. You must avoid your personal bias when making choices, try to see things from a new perspective and take in the wisdom of someone who is more knowledgeable and experienced than you into account. Seeking multiple opinions can help you make a better choice.