There could be a rule that states each student has to participate in at least one extracurricular activity, I agree with it, and here's why. It allows students to stay occupied or active, It gives students the ability to socialize with friends in and out of school, it could introduce a student to an activity that they have no idea they like until they try it, or it might even give them an idea on what they might want to do for a job as an adult. I think that allowing all students to participate in an extracurricular activity, can help a student grow as a person.

I think participating in activities after school is a great idea for all students. I believe that extracurricular activities keeps students occupied or active. For example, sports offer students not only a source of exercise, but it also gives them a form of entertainment and a chance to meet new people with your same interests or have fun with the people you already know. After school activities don't only have to be sports though, there's a variety of options, like music, strategy activities, or art. These allow you to either do more of what you love, or maybe find something new. Also, it could allow them to make new friendships with others. By participating in something like this, can give the student an idea on what they might want to do for a living as an adult. As a student you might not know what to do for a living, but extracurricular activities can allow a student to find a hobby and give them a gist of what they might want to study later on. Finally, these after school activities allow students to practice skills that will help them throughout their life, like strategy, athleticism, and socialization.

Overall, I think that having a rule that makes all students participate in an extracurricular activity is a good idea because it keeps students active and participating in something, it allows you to socialize with ones you don't know and ones you do, it also gives you more options for a hobby, maybe you could find something that you are interested in to study later in life, it can give you a chance to find something new that you didn't know you liked before, and finally, it practices important skills that will help you throughout your entire life. Therefore, that is why I think that allowing all students to participate in an extracurricular activity, can help a student grow as a person.