Cars that can drive themselves is a type of technology that is coming. I believe it is a positive advancement. Many big name companies have been working on this advancement for a few years and in a couple more years these companies plan to have cars that can drive themselves on the raod. Having cars that can drive themselves can improve road safety and save lives.

Driverless cars can improve our lives and also make our lives safer. These cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. They have sensors that makes sure the driver keeps their hands on the wheel. The also can prevent the driver from using a cell phone by a camera located inside the car to make sure the driver is aware. Driverless cars can prevent things like wreckless driving and speeding. Another thing these cars could prevent is drunk driving. The driver could return home safely even if they are drunk without having to put their life or someone else's life in danger. Driverless cars can also make driving fun. Manufacturers want to have in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. To make these cars even safer the displays can be turned off instantly to allow the driver to take over when they need to. Although these cars can drive mostly on their own the driver still needs to be aware just in case they have to take over. For example, the cars are designed to notify the driver to navigate through certain situations like going around an accident or through a work zone. The sensors that are put in these diverless cars can also improve safety. These sensors can respond to out of control skids or rollovers. These sensors can also cause the car to apply breaks on certain wheels and reduce engine power. The sensors have a far better response and control than a human driver does. These cars are a few short years from becoming fully driverless. These companies just need a few more years to make improvements on the sensors and computer hardware. These improvements will make the cars handle more driving tasks without the help of humans.

Driverless cars are coming and coming quickly although some may not like the idea of driverless cars i think it can be a useful technology. Automakers are making more and more improvements on driverless cars. Tesla has already released a car capable of driving 90 percent of the time on autopilot. As automakers improve the cars and work through problems with the law you will see more and more of driverless cars on the road. As long as automakers keep striving for improvement the more these cars will be fully driverless. Automakers are coming down the home stretch and will have 100 percent driverless cars on the road. 