Summer is a time for spending time with friends, traveling, and overall relaxation. With all the excitement and memories made, students tend to forget everything that was taught over the school year. This is why summer projects were made, so students can continue to learn and improve; rather than having to start all over again in the fall. Though, it can be a burden because, school is the last thing children want to think about over the break, it is ultimately beneficial. Depending on the subject, summer projects can be somewhat challenging as well. This is why summer projects should be teacher-designed and not student-designed because, teachers know what needs to be worked on and can go over it when school starts again.

Teachers really do know what needs to be worked on. Working with kids all the time, they know how their students operate and what would benefit them the most. Teachers also know that with certain topics, some students struggle and some thrive. This practically means that, teachers can create a format that helps everyone collectively over the summer. Also, being an educator comes with some years of experience. Making homework assignments and tests for a class is like second nature to some because, they do it all the time. So, making a project should be right in their expertise. Though, students may be able to put together a project over the summer, having teachers design it makes a more powerful impact in the long run.

Projects made by teachers are also a good way to start off the new school year because, they can go over it in class. Even though, young people have just gotten off of break and our walking through the halls to get to their classes, they have the information they gathered over the summer that, once in class, can refresh their memory. That way teachers can review and they'll process the information faster. Another thing, this puts students at an advantage since they have touched on certain topics already. Better grades could come out of it too. Overall, these components give youth a heightened amount of confidence going into the new year.

Summer is approaching soon, taking time to cool off and let loose is important, but so is being a succesful student. Maybe taking sometime out of your vacation to go over some things. From them knowing what needs to be discussed, to being able to get a headstart at school. Teacher-designed projects are the best option when it comes to continuing ones learning process. Soon the results could show for it too.