As humans, everyone is curious and want to learn new things about our world. NASA is a govermnet organization that strives to find new things every day that will improve our understanding of our galaxy. One of the planets that scientists have looked at lately is Venus. Venus is planet that scientists have trying to find out more about although the planet is very hostile and dangerous. If scientists can figure out more about Venus, we can further our understanding of what this planet is and what it once was. The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" writes his feelings about how dangerous it is as well as how desiring it is to further explore more information about this planet.

There are many different things that scientists are intrested about when it comes to this planet. Many studies have shown that Venus might have been at one point the most like earth planet in the solar system. The author states, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have been supported various forms of life, jut like Earth"(4). The passage further sugests that although it would crutial to find out about this planet there are draw backs. There have been many missions for spacecrafts to land on this planet but none of them "survived the landing for more than a few hours"(2). Although the planet is so close to us, the conditions are very dangerous for exploration. The author informs the reader of the harsh conditions of the planet, but also show the reader insight to possible reasons why it is so worthy of studying.

Venus is a very interesting planet and has conditions tht sugest that it was just like earth. There even is proof that suggests that there once was some living organisms on this planet as well. The author informs us by writing, "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life"(4). Scientist using this knowledge that there were once life forms, can think of solutions for people to go to Venus. This can help explorers and scientist to learn more about how life lived on this planet and what it was like. The drawback to this idea is that Venus is a planet filled with gas and is roughly, "170 degrees Fahrenheit"(5). This temperature is very harsh conditions for humans to live in or even exploring what is on this planet.

Although the planet is filled with gas and is not suitable for exploring with robots or people. The author suggest there are many positive things on exploring Venus, like studying life forms and what the planet consists of despit e the challenges that are in the way.

There are so many cool things that we can learn about Venus and scientists have no idea what these things might be. Human nature is to descover new things about our world. That is how humans learned new things over time and progressed through civilization. Venus is a very intresting planet that NASA is stil kind of confused about the planet and want to know more about it. If there were solar pannels on Venus then the "solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels. Never the less, Venus is a planet that is very dangerous and there needs to be many precautions before thinking about putting people on it. Not only is the temperature of the the planet warmer, it is also, "90 times greater atmoshperic pressure than earth"(3). The air pressure on this planet is so much stronger, that it is going to be harder for astronauts to be on this planet for a certain amount of time. The author brings up many ideas regarding how dangerous Venus is, but at the same time humans want to satisfy our curiosity by learning more about what this planet consists of.

In conclusion, the author supports that Venus is a worthy pursuit depsite the dangers. The writer did a very good job by using facts to support his claim regarding the exploration of this planet. Curiosity is what mainly drives exploration in humans. Scientists and explorers can not hold back from these drawbacks because in the end, we want to know more about the unknown qualities of this planet and what they consist of despite what challenges we might have to face.

Scientists will find a way to learn more about this planet although there are many challenges that lie in their path. Just like these scientists, everyone should not give up because of roadblocks that come their way rather, they should keep trying and think about it differently.         