Imagine if all students participated in an extracurricular activity. That's a crazy thought, but also a very intelligent one. A huge population of students do go to after school clubs and sports, but what about the ones who don't because they are to shy and don't have many friends. If the principal is making all students participate in after school activities it will be an excellent idea because, students will find new friends, the clubs will keep students active and off their phones, and they can learn new things and experience new activities.

First off, since all students have to participate in after school clubs then they can make new friends. If they see someone not talking to anyone then they can go over and introduce themselves. Students will also be able to hangout with friends they already have. This would be really awesome for kids who are shy. Having to do a club will get them out of their comfort zone and push them to make new friends. The next thing is, getting to go to these activities will keep students active and off their phones. Most adults would say students are like bears in hibernation. Once they go into their rooms they don't come out unless they need food. Now students won't be sitting inside they will be able to get out of the house. No phones will be allowed so students won't have their eyes glued to the screen for any longer than they should. This idea will also keep students thinking about other things than social media. They won't have time to worry about if their new post got more likes than their friends post. Lastly, they can learn and experience new things. In sports they can learn to cooperate with a team, and work on their sportsman ship. Having to do a club will also help students find new interests. They could do a Science club and realize how much they love it when they see something explode into a puff of air with a big popping sound, or when an experiment makes a massive sticky and disgusting mess. Having to do a club will also help students learn more about working. Instead of sitting at home having their parents do everything for them, they will learn how to do it themselves.

In conclusion, if the principal is making all students participate in an after school activity it's going be a grand idea because, students will make new friends, they will be active and away from their phones, and they will be able to learn and experience new activities. Not every student is going to agree with this because they would rather play on their phone or computer, but if the principal really enforces this idea then it will happen. A flaw in this plan is that students might not show up and never come to any of the meetings and activities. Yes this is something that could be an issue, but if the teachers in charge of the clubs gave out consequences for students who continued to skip every meeting without an excused absence, than this will work. Now that our principal is really making this happen, our school will become a better place.         