There are pros and cons this topic. I feel as this is a bad idea . School is a important place it where you learn almost all skills . You're social skills show and grow. Students are not gonna be motivated to do your work at home . Parents might give you more work top do. Will the supplies be given to you . Students will also be very distracted and off task . Overall, I think this is a bad idea that is gonna help students .

School is a place of interactions. You are learn to talk ,to write ,and to speak to others. You learn it all there . If a student takes classes online they don't get the benefit of that because they only stare at a screen they don't get to interact with other people other than their family. I believe that no interaction with people will make it very hard for them when they go into the real world . They will have very little communication skills. School is place that helps with social skills but you can't get help if you dont go to public school.

First off, students will not be motivated to do the work. I know if I was able to do my work at home ,I wouldn't do it till last minute. I would sleep as much as i can ,do whatever i want to do ,and just not be worried about the work if it was me . I can't imagine what other people would do . there are to many distractions at home I believe students would not benefit from is. They would have more motivation on things they actually enjoy other than the school work they were assigned to do.

Nobody likes doing work when you could be doing something you enjoy. Especially since you don;t have nobody to tell you anything.

Other than , not wanting to do the work or having motivation. You have many more distractions at home. You have a TV , pets , and multiple electronic devices that will cause distractions. With distractions you won't want to do the work. You'd rather do something you enjoy rather than look at a screen all day . You will get bored eventually stop and not finish it . Personally I enjoy sleeping and I know starring at a screen will bored me out so I will just end up falling asleep .there are multiple distractions that will stop you from doing your work .

Parents might expect more of you . They are gonna think your home all day so I am sure you're parents will give you chores or stuff to do around the house. They might also have you watch your baby brother or baby sister . which these are also distractions from your school work. If I was to take online classes my dad would give me a list of things to do around the house before he gets home .I don't think both are easy to do together .

Finally, how will i get to these online courses. Does the student have to use / buy their own computer . Will the school provide the computer. I think if the computer is not provide i will not be doing it. I am sure I would have to pay for the online course. but, if the computer involved with that . People will not life it and won't do it .

Therefore, I believe that have online courses would not work. I feel as tho the cons outweigh the pros . Social skills ,no motivation,distractions , parents ,and equipment are the important reasons I think online course shouldn't be a option.                   