The Electoral College is a group of selected electors for deciding the president. Each state has its own amount of electors depending on its population. States like California have fifty five electors, while Wyoming would only have three. This factor makes the Electoral College flawed. The electoral college can also ignore their states votes. On the other hand, popular vote is not dependent on the population of the state. Having all the votes go directly to which candidate they was voted for. This would allow the presidental candidates go to all areas of the United States. So although many think their vote goes directly to who they voted for, the Electoral College has the final say.

The main problem with the electoral college is that every state has its own number of electors. Smaller, less populated states are ignored during the election, while the presidents focus directly on high population states to get more electoral votes. Since most states go off a winner-takes-all basis, all the votes for the other candidate are ignored. Also in the occurence of a swing-state, candidates focus all attention on them. The voters in the swing-states then know more about the presidents and are more thoughtful on who to pick, while the voters in the parts ignored know nothing about the presidents. Some states can also be completely ignored, having no campaign there at all.

On the other hand, the popular vote is more interesting. With this, state population does not matter. As a nation the voters can vote on the presidents. Although it is used today, it almost doesn't matter if you have it. In the 2000 election between Al Gore and George W. Bush, Al Gore toke had the popular votes, but Bush toke the electoral votes. This allowed him to become president. The popular votes were ignored in that situation and allowed a president with less of the nations liking to take office.

The final factor is the electers themselves. Another cause of the 2000's election being won by the elector college is some of the electors completely ignored their states voters. They decided to place their own vote. If the state is small and one of the candidates have a big lead, it won't matter. Although if they are neck and neck it can be those few votes that decided the election. This would also cause a less liked president to take office. Without the electors there would also be no favoritism. The electors can be choosen by the candidates themselves and can a bias electoral vote from them.

The point is, the Electoral College is unreliable. The nations voters can be ignored. If the government wants a certain president to win, they can hire electorals who are baised for that cadidate. Without it, the nation's people can have their say in the election. No state would have to be ignored due to its population. So although many think their vote goes directly to who they voted for, the Electoral College has the final say.               