Dear Principal

I think that students should not be able to have there cell phones out during lunch and other free times because some students don't have the right mind to just put there phones away after the free time. Some students would just keep them in there pocket and text during class time. Most of the students at our school do this any way and there phones always go off during my learning time. It's not only rude to me and other students around the class but its rude to the teacher that puts a lot of work into what he/she teaches.

Many of students that would say yes to having there phones out during free time are kids that are always texting in and out of school. If I were to have my phone out in class the teacher would probably take it away and might even call my mom/dad but that's what i have to pay for texting in school and it should stay like that. The school makes up a lot of rules but that's only to keep us from not doing our work that is necessary to pass our classes and the grade.

A lot of the kids that text during class are most likely texting there moms and dads to pick them up for no reason. Also texting there friends that are in another class. If you are texting some one that is down the hall why cant it wait a little while till you get out of class? If we were to be able to have our phones out we would not get any thing done. Most students cant get to class on time and if you let them have phones out during there time to get to class then they would be even more late to class because there waiting on a text back cause there is no service in our school.

These are the reasons why I think that you should keep you're rules on phones the same. So more work would be done. Student will have a reason to text his/her mom/dad to come pick them up for no reason. So that there would be no student crying cause while they were walking and texting some one else was doing the same and they ran into each other and now both phones are broken. Really keep it the same, please.

fellow student