These summer projects should be student designed for sure. It shows which students who are willing to apply themselves and show how creative they are, which would separate them from the rest. This would in return create a bias with the teacher.

If summer projects were designed in such a way where the student led their own idea with what to do with said topic, this would ulimtatly separate students from each other. I refer to this as "the breaking point". I refer to it as "the breaking point" because it shows which students who are willing to apply themselves, who are trying with mediocre effort or don't care at all. It builds discipline and character. If you are willing enough to take the extra mile and go out of your way to make this project the best ever, then that proves to your teacher that you are the one who wants it, you are the one to ask questions, you are the one to make it. Some students would probably set them self up for failure and try to find the easy way too workout around said project. All this shows is that they wish to take the wide path that life has set before us and not the narrow path with temptations that build that discipline. This project should be meant for who wants it, not for what its really on. It should basically be an assessment to see what level of goat they are on.

Now there is a very great con to my argument. That con my friend has a name, and her name is, bias. With going with the plan on doing said project create a very huge bias within teachers. Once they see who was very willing to apply themselves and who wasn't, they'll most likely start to prematurely pick and choose favorites. I say this because they'll start to imagine how well this student will do in their class and how terrible the next would. Come school time, the kids won't know it, but the teacher already has a secret disliking for some of the students. It's to hell with them basically. It's hard for us students to overcome such a bias from a mistake we made. Even if we start acing the teachers class, they'll probably jump to conclusions and assume we have cheated all year or something. This project is a great cause with two possible outcomes: A great upbringing or a terrible downfall. But see, you might have though that I am swaying you away from actual argument but here's where the good comes in. This project brings out the teachers true character as well, we can see if the teacher is really loving as people say they are no matter what, or will their true colors show? This whole thing is one big assessment on everyone's moral values. Are you a fan or a hater?

In conclusion, life is what it is. Bias or not, let the kids show who they are and who THEY want to be. Don't allow teachers to solely let the do what they want but instead let a student explore his mental. Let us breathe and thrive in life. Let us learn from our own mistake and not be carried on the shoulders of someone else. I would like to end this passage with a qoute I made myself.

"One can only achieve which he belives"

-Generic_Name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          