I beileve the tecnology of "Driverless" cars is necessary in todays society, and should be used for its worth. One of the few big ideas i saw in the article was the newer use of sensors in the vehicles we use today. Many of the sensors today are used to warn and stop the driver from any collisions or accidents that may accure, at any moment. I beileve that this technology is needed now more than ever for everyone, and not just unexperienced or handicaped drivers. I am currently still learning how to drive and will get my license very, and i am very cautious of my peers driving too. I would feel more comfortable that the car could stop itself wiith out the drivers noticing, and possibly stoping to stop a collision or save my very own life. I would very much like to see this technology come to fruition, and let the world harness it's abilities to further mankind towards a safer and better future.

The laws aginst the use of these "Driverless" cars are very reasonable too, and need to adjust for further research towards the safety of the people they aim to protect with these laws. I beileve they dont realize that testing and researching these new methods is a step foward, for safety, and not for just the sake of testing variables on somethings. They don't seem to understand that these technologies are being invented to help save people today. If you searched on the internet for just one second you could find all sorts of stories, about their own cars saving the drivers from creating a terrible mistake and saving their lives. These laws make me question us, as a society, more than ever, and as a society how are we allowed to grow in knowledge and sciences, if we cannot test our ideas? We must further sucome to the new technologies we have available, at this time, but we must not lose ourselves in context. We have to push towards breaking these laws aginst testing and accept the new technology, for the future.

As a child i watched cartoons with flying cars and cities in space, and in todays age we have the ability to strive for this dream of the future. One day I hope to be sitting in a cab that s driving itself perfectly fine and not releasing large amounts of toxins into the air that we all breath, to survive. This is yet another thing to admire of these "driverless" cars, and that is the ability to use much less amounts of fuel, rather than traditional vehicles. As you may already know cars pushout lots of burned fossil fuels, but with the new technology that has been presented, these cars can use less fossil fuels. The burning of less fossil fuels is a "thumbs up", and has a lesser impact on the world, rather than a world without them.

I gladly accept the new technologies that "Driverless" cars have presented to me today, and feel safer knowing a computer system can save me from human errors. I can guarentee that this technology is safe and efficient for the world, and should be further studied to further the new technology to more suit society. The further interest or study in new sensor technology is to thank, just as much as the fuel concerns we have today with our own vehicles. The technology of the future is here, and we need it to help save the lives of many people. We as the society of the future should not stand back and watch the possibilities of our future be restricted by laws, that just dont understand the purpose of this technology. 