Dear Principal,

I think that all of the students that are able to do community service should be required to do at least 9 hours each semester. If they are able to take away from the community they should also be able to give back. Each student should learn what hard work is all about. Some people like to take the privileges and things that we have for granted. I think that by enforcing the community service they will at least feel good about themselves when they ask their parents for something they want. For example, how would you feel if you were a parent and your child would always ask you for things that sometimes are out of your reach? You would probably try to work hard to get your daughter/son that toy or object that they desire so much. Well, what if your child becomes greedy and selfish as they grow older because you didn't teach them the value of everything that they have. You just gave it to them as soon as they asked. Now, what if you gave them everything that they desired, but with the agreement that they would help babysit their small cousins, or help their elderly neighbor clean the house. Then, they would learn the value of things and feel about it when they received what they asked for. In today's society many people are taking advantage of the fact that they don't have to give back to their society or community as much as they take. If you make community service a requirement not only will you be giving our school a good name, but you will also be molding the students into good citizens of the world. You will be instilling in their minds that it is always good to give back to the community and show the world you care. I hope you really take these points I'm making into consideration and I also hope you put yourself on the other end of the stick and pretend (as i mentioned before) that you are a parent with children that always ask for things that are sometimes out your reach. All I want is for you to make the best choice that you think possible for both the school and community, but if you do make the choice I am giving to you here on this letter I can almost reassure you that you won't regret your decision.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME