Dear State senator,

The Electoral college is a process that was established by our founding fathers in a constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens.The electoral college consists of the selection of the electors then that carries into the meeting or gathering of the electors.In that type of meeting of the electors they vote for the president and the vice president,Next is the counting of the electoral votes by congress.The electoral college consists of 538 electors,Did you know that a majority of those elector's votes are required to elect the president.Well 270 electoral votes to be exact.Well how did the number of electorals get chosen? The way that exact number got chosen is because tehere is one electoral to each member in the House of Representatives.Don't you agree that that was a wise choice? Also dont you think that our founding fathers really sat back and but real thought and effort in to a decision like this,something to put into the constitution.

Personally,I believe that the Ellectoral College should be kept in place and not depend on a popular vote to elect our president,for two reasons.The first reason is because most people who are about to vote they dont actually sit and take the time to see who they are voting for,they just "christmas tree" all of the options that they have. The second reason why i believe that i believe that the electoral college should stay in place because that this is a good process to have in place.

How many people do you think actually sit there and research and put thought into the president that they are chosing to run their country? Do you really belive that everyone does that? Think about the young and inexperienced voters who are fresh out of highschool and probaly just getting into college,Do you think that on top of their school work that they'll sit there and add something else on to their plate? To be completly honest i would not. I would either not vote or just pick at a random.Many people have a family and a job or jobs and have alot on their plate so the last thing they're gonna do is take the time out of their busy schedules and researchand find information on something that they dont need to do.

I also believe that the electoral college should stay in place because it's a good process to have. Having the electoral college in effect takes the stress off of the voters so they can continue on with their busy lives and not have to stand in those unreasonably long lines in the cold,hot,rain, or even snow. The people workers out in those lines are irritable and dont want to be there along with the voters,They look at it as a a waist of their time. No one likes to feel like their time was waisted because "Time is Money".

I hope you actually get this letter,read it,and but thought into what you just read.The Electoral college is a very good process to have in effect. Remeber that it keeps peole stress free and less irritable and if you use the Electors and not citizens you will end up getting a more educated vote because they sat back and analyzed the actions from the past of each canadate that is running and is making a vote based off of knowledge,not picking at a random.

Signed,

PROPER_NAME                    