The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by giving us some of the main features NASA is trying to get a look at, and stating that Venus was also an earth like planet back from 3 decades ago and still till this day Venus has those features. The author claims in paragraph one that venus is the second planet from sun and also as easy it may seem to see from a distant that it has proved to be very challenging to examine more closely.

The dangers the author talks about in paragraphs three,four and five he is claiming that venus is a "Earth's twin" but much more circumstances to survive there. In paragraph three he states there is 97% of a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide covers venus, the surface temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahreneit and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times bigger than what we have on our planet earth. As much for common sense these are higher conditions humans have ever encountered because we believe this is normal and survialable for humans but venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system which means we wouldn't stand a chance to live there. In paragraph four the author talks about how venus was once largely covered with oceans and could have many different forms of life like the planet we live on today. In the middle of the paragraph, he said "Today, venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sedimentand includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters."

after reading that that i could see why scientists would take the risk of visiting venus even knowing the dangers of not ever coming back. In paragraph five he does state that it would be more toasty or humide because the temperature would be 170 degrees Fahrenheit but says the air pressure would be close around the sea level on earth. At the end of the paragraph he states "Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans."

To my conclusion, he describes it very well and gets more facts in the article.   