The disputes about the Face being an alien creation rather than a landform are preposterous. Alien life is a common conspirasy theory, but this one proves just that: a theory. The Face cannot possibly be an alien creation because there is no evidence of alien life ever existing, the landform it is compared to on Earth was certainly not created by aliens, and scientists have extensively studied it to prove that it is, indeed, a natural landform.

For starters, in order for the aliens to create this two-mile long "face", dimensioned straight from NASA, they must first exist. Unfortunately for the pro-alien believers, this has never been proven. Some say that NASA is keeping this monumental secret from us, but, as thoughtfully pointed out in the article, the existance of ancient alien life would benefit them immensely. In this case, there is no reason for them to hide anything.

Another thing worth mentioning is the strong resemblance to the landforms found right here in the United States. These mesas are common in the American West, says chief scientist of NASA's Mars Exploration Program. There is no reason that they can't be common on the Red Planet, either. The article states that in Cydonia, the region where the Face is located is actually known to have mesas scattered frequently around the area. Unless Earth's mesas, too, were crafted by aliens, they both must be natural landforms.

The Face has been a topic of conversation since it was first photographed in 1976. When NASA first released the picture to the public, the caption stated: "huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." Then, after extensive research to prove that it was actually not an alien creation of sorts, NASA determined that the shadows were, indeed, the cause of the shapes of the Face. It was even photographed numerous times to prove this fact, and because they felt it was important to taxpayers, as the chief scientist of NASA's Mars Exploration Program noted.

Skeptics of the Face might say that it is all a well thought out trick to hide alien life ffrom the general public. However, as previously mentioned, NASA would benefit if this ancient civilization was real. Therefore, there is no logical reason they would keep this from us. The article states that when the very first picture of the Face was released: "the authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars." This shows us that they are wanting people to be interested, which would be much easier if there was an alien or two to report, but there is clearly not.

The landform labeled the Face is certainly an intriguing discovery, but not for the fact it was an acient alien monument. It is interesting because it connects us with the Red Planet considering we have landforms similar to it, and also the expert study that has gone into it to prove the suspicions incorrect.    