A public school does not only teach math, science, and history it teaches valuable skills that hopefully you can take and implement in your life to prepare you for whats coming. According to Generic_City, 80 percent of students that attended schools have learned many skills that they are performing in their workplace. Public schools are the most effective place you can attend to prepare for the hidden future. Internationally, many students do not have the option of school education, therefore they are forced to attend online courses at home. Every student that resides in the United States should take the opportunity of outstanding public school education to their advantage, and learn to develop vital skills. Not including that schools decrease suicidal thoughts, depression, and loneliness there are many more benefits of attending a public school. Attending a public school not only surrounds students with diversity and friends, it also promotes cooperation, competition, and stress; consequently, developing crucial skills for students to prepare them for the future.

Surrounding yourself with diversity can significantly boost your self confidence and social skills. As proven by Labor Union, working with individuals who do not share similar backgrounds can help you be more confident and overall have a friendly relationship with the individual. Although students might not realize it, students who accept and expose themselves to different cultures can heavily improve communication; and as a result, students develop cooperation. Cooperation helps build friendship and get things done efficiently, making it another skill to pick up for your workplace! In my opinion, communication is the key to success, therefore students must enroll in schools to develop this crucial skill.

What is a better feeling than you finally receiving better scores than your all-time rival? Competition has a very positive connotation to it. Competition increases energy, productivity, and effort. By competing scores with peers and trying to beat each other scores, competition is a great way to help students stay on task and strive for their absolute best. Competition is also used in sports, it will motivate you to work harder and be more consistent to overcome your rival! As long as the right rival is picked, competition is a effective way to significantly increase results.

Another benefit of attending a public school is learning to cope with stress. Stress can lead many individuals to very sorrowful ways, therefore students must learn to cope with it when they are young, and hopefully it will make a slighter impact to the students later on. Attendance, school activities, sports, and jobs are all ways to teach you to time manage and cope with minor stress. According to the police department, around 65 percent of deaths are from over-stressing; ultimately, making stress management a very vital skill to learn and adapt to.

Overall, crucial skills like acceptance of diversity, friends, cooperation, competition, and coping with stress are all skills you obtain from schools and are very significant to building up one's character. You will not experience any of these skills while taking online education, and will most likely be lost when encountering these important life skills. In my opinion, these skills are too significant to give up, therefore students should not take online education, and should physically come experience what the real world will look like. Public schools will build the "base" for your future!