Have you ever had to ask more than one person for advice? As different stages of your life occur, different questions and decisions come into play. Would you like a cherry on top of that ice cream? What college would you like to attend? Do you want children? While having to make these decisions, different advice coming from different people can help make your final choice by, seeing different view points, learning more information about your topic, and finding an alternative option. Asking more than one person for advice can help make a clear decision.

When making decisions it is normal to think you are correct, but seeing different view points can completely change your perspective. Seeing different view points is one of the most important steps in making a decision. Seeing different view points can lead to learning about other opinions besides yours. Once you have seen the different side of things, your decision should be more clear. Seeing different view points could either change your mind or keep it the same, either way it is always better to see the other side of things.

While having to make a decision, most of the time you do not have enough information about your topic. That is why learning more information from more than one person is very helpful. While others are giving you advice, you can learn more information about your choices, and about your topic. You can also find new information, that you might not have considered before. Although learning new information is a positive factor in asking more than one person, it could also make things more complicated, by not knowing which choice is the best choice. Even though that is a possibility, it is always better to know too much information than not enough.

Answering a question can easily feel like a "this or that" scenario, when usually that is not the case. While receiving advice you could also come across an alternative option. When talking to multiple people for advice it is common for people to have different opinions. That being said, in some cases combining or doing both is the best choice. There is almost always another option, and asking more than one person can often lead to that option.

Asking more than one person for advice has many benefits, some and not limited to are, seeing different view points, learning new information, and finding an alternative option. In different scenarios, it could maybe be best to only ask one person. Although, when given the choice between one person or multiple people, asking multiple people can often lead to the better decision.  