Have you ever heard the term majority rules? It means if more than half rule on one side, then that side will win. Many organizations and committees use majority rules because it means they are taking advice from multiple people and not just one. Taking opinions from multiple people may help someone with making a better choice. I believe it could give options to the wisdom-seeker, it could make them confident about one choice that they could go with, and it would mean they would have multiple arguments for a side.

When someone takes an opinion from multiple people, they have more choices/pieces of wisdom. If a person is writing an article and needs advice on what to write, they go to one person and only get one piece of advice to help them with their article. If they go to multiple people, they have options to weigh and decide what they want to write on. One example of this is Congress. Before any bill passes, they all take a vote. Whichever side is more than half will win, which is majority rules coming back into play. Congress does this to see what others have to say about the topic, not just what one person has to say. This is one of the reasons why taking more than one opinion can help someone make wise choices.

Last summer, I played on a travel basketball team that went to Maryland every weekend and played in a tournament. I was the point guard on the team, which meant that I was the captain on the court. I was calling plays, running pep talks, and keeping my teams head up. One Saturday, my dad and I drove up to the tournament and when I got there, all my teammates were excited. They started telling me about how easy our schedule was and how we could easily win this tournament. Our first game came and on the first play of the game, I twist my ankle. I sat the rest of the game out and my 2nd game as well. I told my dad that I would be fine to play in the championship but he told me that I couldn't. I asked my coach and he told me that I should not take the risk. I was mad that my coach and my dad said I shouldn't play, but we still ending up winning. The moral of the story was that I took my dad's and my coach's advice and decided not to play. Since I got the advice from 2 trusted adults that I knew, I understood that it was probably the smartest decision for me to make. Taking advice from multiple people can make someone more confident about their choice on the topic.

Getting multiple opinions on a topic such as a debate article may not always mean he/she is right, but it means that they have multiple people's arguments on the topic. For example, if I asked around about child soldiers and I had multiple people tell me that they shouldn't be given amnesty, I could use their arguments to my side even if they should be given amnesty. If someone takes advice from different people and they all tell you along the same lines of the same piece of advice, they could use it even if it's wrong, because they have people standing behind them with the same argument and same reasons.

Taking advice from multiple people is more helpful than taking it from 1 person because it helps give options to someone who might need it for a test or a scenario in their life. It is also helpful when someone knows the advice they need but they want to check with others to see if they're thinking the same way about the scenario. The last reason of why it is important is because even if someone takes advice from many others and the advice is wrong, he/she has their arguments to help you out. This information is very important at the moment because right now the world is tasked with something they could use a lot of advice on. The Coronavirus is a disease that has 115,000 cases all around the world and the U.S. has 574 cases. The world has not found a cure yet and I believe that scientists are trying to find the cure themselves so they can get all the credit. If all the scientists in the world worked together and used each others advice and equipment, we could find a cure very easily and quickly. This is an example of using multiple people's advice because there could be 2 scientists who are very close to finding the cure and if they work together they could easily find the cure.       