The Face on Mars was created by natural landforms and it is impossible to have been created by aliens. First,there was no sign of alien interaction on Mars when the Face appeared. Next,it has been proven that the picture of the Face was actually a butte or mesa landform. Also, the other picture that was taken was more visual and it was 3 times bigger than the original. The Face couldn't have been formed by alien life.

One reason that proves that the Face is natural is that there has never been any alien interaction evidence on any planet. First of all,it is not possible for aliens to create a face in cement rock. Next,aliens wouldn't know what a face would look like because they wouldn't have a mirror and they wouldn't even know what they look like. Finally,if aliens were able to move rock,they wouldn't have any tools to use. Aliens couldn't have formed the Face if we don't even know if they exist.

Another reason that the Face is natural is that it has been proven that the Face was created by a butte or mesa landform. First,these landforms are very common in the American West. Next,Garvin knows that they are common because he mentioned,"it reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho."Garvin also said that the Middle Butte landform is the same height as the Face on Mars. If the Face is similar to another landform,it is most likely a natural landform.

The final reason that the Face is natural is that the first picture that was taken,isn't as clear as the newer picture. First,when the original picture was taken,it was very cloudy and difficult to see during the winter in April. This could have been mistaken for alien markings because the sight wasn't easy to see. Finally,the newer picture that was taken had a digital image 3 times bigger than the original pixel in the first photo. The newer photo proves that aliens were not around at all.

In conclusion,many people may have thought the Face was formed by aliens,but they only thought that because of the evidence they were given. The original photo was not clear so the newer photo shows what it really looked like. The Face also had similar features to mesa and butte landforms which are very common in many areas. Since there was no evidence to show that aliens were there,it's not reliable to believe. The Face on Mars is just a natural landform that formed suddenly and it can happen anywhere.