Have you ever been forced to do an extra curricular activity? Many students participate in extra curricular activities because they enjoy it or they want to spend time with their friends. Others want to spend time doing homework or just have a free schedule and relax. Some schools think that students should have the choice if they want to do an extra curricular activity while other schools think that there should be a requirement for the amount of extra curricular activities a student does. Students should not be forced to do extra curricular activities because they would not be able to have full control of their before and after school schedules, they would become more stressed out from having to do things they don't like, and they would get better at the things they already enjoy.

Students should be able to have full control of their before and after school schedule because doing well in school is the main thing expected from them. They should be able to have fun and be able to enjoy the things that they like and while they still can. Besides, schools should just be a place to learn and make friends, not a place that controls your entire life. Many schools are trying to control their students too much and not give them any freedom even though most students are responsible enough to do things on their own.

Students would become more stressed out from having extra curricular activities that they might not want to do. If a student genuinely wanted to do an extra curricular activity, then you wouldn't have to force them to do it. But if a student did not want to do an extra curricular activity, forcing them to do so would stress them out a lot. Maybe a student is struggling with homework, making them do an extra curricular activity would give them less time to do homework and would also make them do something that they don't like.

If a student really enjoys what they already do, they would get better at it if they did not have extra curricular activities conflicting with it. Many students do things that most people would not consider as an extra curricular activity, things like skateboarding, making videos or songs, and playing video games. Some people have natural talent or just really like these kinds of activities and should not have to do other things just because schools don't understand them and do not consider them as extra curricular activities.

With students not being able to control their schedules, becoming more stressed, and not getting better at the things they enjoy, it is clear that not forcing students to do extra curricular activities is more beneficial than trying to control their lives outside of school. My school does not force me to extra curricular activities and I am thankful for that, even though I still do a lot of activities such as hockey, lacrosse, French horn, and swimming. Without having to do extra curricular activities I feel like a have more freedom and if I really wanted to, I could quit everything to focus on skateboarding, which I really enjoy.