Texting and Driving

Majority of the world's population has a cell phone. Most people who have a cell phone use their phone daily. However how many people use their phones while driving? According the New York Post a servey showed that 90% people still use a smart phone while driving despite the laws against it. People should not be distracted by phones while driving.

Being distracted while driving is very dangerous. According to edgasnyder. com, people are six times more likely to cause an accident by being distracted than being drunk. Think about this, you are in the car driving, going sixty. There's no one around for miles and you get a text asking when you are going to be home. However instead of pilling over and answering it, you take fifteen to thirty seconds answering it. Thinking you can reply quick without any worry. Little did you know in that short time frame you spent answering a text you have traveled past the length of a football field. Now let's say as soon as you had pressed send and you looked up from your phone there was a deer, standing there, in the path of your car. However, since you where texting you had no Idea it was there. You have little time to react. Jerking the wheel trying to get out of its path, however you were not fast enough. You still hit the deer. Shattering your windshield, and your car flipping from jerking the wheel and killing you. All because you took that time to answer a text. Majority of the world's population has a cell phone. Most people who have a cell phone use their phone daily. However how many people use their phones while driving? According the New York Post a servey showed that 90% people still use a smart phone while driving despite the laws against it. People should not be distracted by phones while driving.

Being distracted while driving is very dangerous. According to edgasnyder. com, people are six times more likely to cause an accident by being distracted than being drunk. Think about this, you are in the car driving, going sixty. There's no one around for miles and you get a text asking when you are going to be home. However instead of pilling over and answering it, you take fifteen to thirty seconds answering it. Thinking you can reply quick without any worry. Little did you know in that short time frame you spent answering a text you have traveled past the length of a football field. Now let's say as soon as you had pressed send and you looked up from your phone there was a deer, standing there, in the path of your car. However, since you where texting you had no Idea it was there. You have little time to react. Jerking the wheel trying to get out of its path, however you were not fast enough. You still hit the deer. Shattering your windshield, and your car flipping from jerking the wheel and killing you. All because you took that time to answer a text.

People don't stop and consider the dangers of texting and driving until they are out of the car. Whenever they are in the car and their phone lights up with a new text message, they don't stop to think that this could end my life. Instead they answer it. Ignoring the road. Anything could happen on the road and they wouldn't know about it until the last second and have very time to react. Texting and driving is extremely dangerous and everything that is texted isn't important enough to end your life over. Every text can wait until you get where you need to be.                               