Extracurricular activities come in many different types, whether it be joining the football or softball team, or becoming a student council member, or even being a part of the yearbook. Most of the time extracurricular activities are a choice, you can do them or not do them. But, what if you had to do an extracurricular activity, you would still get a choice of which to do, but is that still the same. I think that making extracurricular activities necessary will strengthen, the school and everyone in it.

Extracurricular activities are one of the best things about a school, because your able to choose something else to be focused on, but it can also help the school to and keep all the activities thriving. If extracurricular activities were mandatory, then more people would join and the activities would not end, because sometimes if there aren't enough people to join, that activity would sees to exist for the rest of the year or season. But, that problem would probably only effect sports. If more people worked on the yearbook, then the yearbook would finish quicker and it could be full with more cool and interesting things. Most of the sports teams would also fill up fast. If you had to join an extracurricular activity, you would probably find a new passion for something you were never interested in before. If their were more people on the student council then the school would get a lot more student influence. All of this would really strengthen the school.

Some of these activities, like drama and sports, take place after school, and if you had to stay after school frequently then it would give a lot more wiggle room for your parents to pick you up. Some parents work when there kid's school ends and they don't have time to pick them up. If they were to not leave for another hour or more, parents can stay at their job and not worry about their kids. It gives more time for parent to get work done at home or at work and this doesn't have any disadvantages for you or your parents. Also, being a bus driver can be very stressful, and with less kids on buses because of their extracurricular activities, bus drivers can have a better and Safe drive without kids yelling and misbehaving behind them.

When students have extracurricular activities they have something else to focus on then their school work and that balances out their stress and anxiety. It gives them something else to think about and that usually decreases stress, but you can over think all the stuff you need to to and that can give you more. Mostly you will be in a better mental state. If you joined a sport it can strengthen your physical health to, and I don't really have to explain why.

Extracurricular activities are a great think because it gives you a choice, but if that decision get taken away from you, it will probably benefit you in many ways. And you can still get some choices you can make about it. It will strengthen your school, your staff, and parent, and most of all yourself.              