When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person.

Seeking more than one opinion can lead you to make better choices because of a multitude of reasons these are just three.

First and foremost there is usually more than one way to do one thing, if you ask for more than one opinion chances are that you will find the easiest way to accomplish your goal. Second you are most likely not the first one to face this problem so if you ask for multiple opinions you will most likely find some one who had this problem before you and they will have the answer then with multiple answers you can choose the best one from the bunch. The last reason is all about information if know one has the answer then they will at least have information to give if you have all the knowledge you need you will make the best answer.

My first reason is that there is more than one way to do just about anything so if you ask for multiple opinions than you may discover the easiest way.

I personally do not know every thing so when I have a question a ask multiple people. Now with that in mind I am also lazy so I like to take the easiest way out when I find all of the information that I need, I pick the easiest way so this way I do not have to do much if any work and I get the my question solved correctly. although most of my questions and problems stop with grandma who I have a lot of respect for. She is vary wise and old because she is so old she has gone through most of my problems and more.

Speaking of old, wise, and problems that's our next topic.

The second reason I have is that people before you have probably faced the problem you have know. So if you were to ask for more than one opinion from the people who have done this before you. Then you should get a collection of different answers so from that you just pick the best one. For example in the sixth grade I had to do a history project on an important time period the United States of America so i choose world war two. My only problem was I didn't know any details about the war so I went to the oldest person I knew my Grandma while we were talking about it some other old people overhead us talking (read eavesdropped on us) so I got there opinions as well. So because I got multiple opinions I got more information than i had origanily hoped for. I had so much information in fact that I didn't choose just one I took the best from all of them and made my own, and that brings us to our finial topic.

The last topic of the day is that when you get more opinions than just one you get more information to better choose your answer, because when you have more information you make better designs.

When I don't know a thing about what I am saying I tend to make pore decisions but when am knowledgeable I make good decisions.

A example of that is when i wanted to go swimming in a pond once i did not know there were leaches in there so when i went swimming i got a leach (I named him bill until I figured out he was a bad thing then I screamed for mom) it was not a good idea. two years later i was going to go swimming in another pond but then i remembered "Oh wait what if this pond has leaches so I did my research no leaches it has snakes though I think I will just read a book instead."

See when you have information you make good choices.

their is more than one way to do any thing if you ask around you will find the easiest way. your elders have done this before they usually have an answer for you so ask them in fact ask several of them. having information helps you make the best choice possible the best way to get information is to ask multiple sources and opinions. When people ask for advise, they sometimes talk to more than one person. This why asking for multiple opinions is a great way to make the best decision possible.   