Extracurricular activities can and most likely hurt some people, their friends, or even their families. I disagree that students shold be made to do any extracurricular activities. Most students have stuff to do after school, such as, students miight have to help their parents, go to work to support their families, babysit for their friends or families, or might have people to go with, to somewhere for something they already planned.

First, I think he should think about it because it could effect some people, and their families. Some kids after school have chores they do, or people they go with to do stuff. Some kids even babysit, for their family, or friends. So if we were made to stay after school, and do these activities then it could lead to them not getting something done, or even having to make that person find someone else to babysit for them. The student wouldn't be able to get as much done, or to help out someone if they needit.

Also, what if they arent interested in anything like sports, working on the yearbook, or student council. There are kids that arent interested in those and just have there own thing they want to do that interest them. If there isn't anything to interest the kid then he will prolly end up getting forced to do work, or activities he doesn't enjoy. So what would be the point in having them do this if their not gonna be happy or entertained with what they are doing.

Their are also kids that work, to help their families if their in need of money. So if they have to do an activity after school they might miss work. Also, if they miss work they will get less money, which can effect how they live, or even if they eat that evening. So these activities should not be mandatory, they should be optional to anyone, and everyone.

In conclusion, if kids are being forced to do extra school activities, it could effect them very badly. It could cause them to miss work, and not be able to afford food, to ruin their plans with family, and friends, to not be able to help there parents if they need it, and lat not be able to babysit for whoever so they can do stuff. So this is why after school extracurricular activities should not be mandatory for anyone, they should get to choose if they would be able to or if they are interested in doing them.