Dear Principal,

Hello, my name is STUDENT_NAME. I am a student at your school. I'm am writing this to inform you of my opinion on whether or not community service should be required for all students to perform. I think it should be required it would be a great learning experience for students. Keep reading if you would like to know more about my opinion.

One reason students should be required to do community service is it would look good on applications in the future. Many colleges look for community service on college applications. Some people require community service when looking at job applicants. Doing community service might give you experience in a certain job field too; this would be an added bonus. Which, could help you out later on when applying for jobs.

Another reason students should be required to do community service is it can help some students grow as a person. For example, the student could be shy, and it could help them break out of there shell and talk to new people. It can also help them get a better example of what the world is really like, and what they need to do to help it become a better place. Community Service would be a great way to get students more involved with their community.

The last reason students should be required to do community service is it could help them stay out of trouble. It could get them to stop ignoring their homework and to stop staying out all night on school nights. It would be a great learning experience. Especially, if they were doing something they really enjoyed. Some students have sports and after school activities to attend to. So, they probably wouldn't be able to do community service everyday. So, they would have to set specific dates. Requiring Community Service would be a great thing to add to our corriculm.

Hopefully, you follow my advice and require students to do community service. Many students think its a waste of time, but I think if the put forth and effort and participated in it; they would change their minds and come to love it. Community service would make a our community a better place and open student's eyes to what's really going on in our community. Community service would be a great learning experience for the students in our community.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME