Throught the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. The developement for these cars would not be such a great idea to make. Producing vehicles with such improvements can cause many bad problems to surface in court and society as a whole. The reasoning behind these improvements being negative is safety of people. Peoole should to look at the things that might go wrong before they support something that sounds good.

Technology is a major factor in todays society and we use it everyday in life, but if the technology we have sold to us has issues then it should not be sold to the people until the issue is completely resolved. If the driverless cars are manufactured and sold to people and there is a problem within the cars which causes them to make mistakes and have technical issues. The manufacturers are not just putting the people riding the car at risk, they are putting the lives innocent pedestrians at risk also. There is a point made in the article where it states, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault--the driver or manufacture?". The point being made from this specific sentence is that if the cars are opperating by themselves and if something happens to anyone the only person to blame is the creator of the vehicle, the manufacturer. In most states it is illegal to test computer driven cars because of the dangers that are most likely to occur. In the article we are introduce to a statement which says,"Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human in control at all times". This statement is saying that if a human has control then everything should be fine. These are overall reasonings and explinations for why driverless cars should not be manufactured.

Manufacturing driverless cars would not be a great idea to make for peoples overall safety. The cars would be unsafe to people as a whole and cause major issues in court as for lawsuits. As of making new and better improvements to vehicles would be a good idea. People should just stick to driving themselves places its the safest way to get there.