Dear Senator,

What is the first thing that comes to your mind when you think of the Presidential elections? Do you think about the complicated eloctoral college or the popular vote? As an average citizen who is not in politics i immediately think of the popular vote when it comes to the Presidential elections. Why do we have the electoral college anways? Shouldn't the people be able to decide who the president is not the state legislature.

SO therefore instead of the electoral college we should just stick to the popular vote.

As an American you have certain unalienable rights, and the act of voting is one of them. So if its our right to vote than we should be able to do it not other people. The electoral college isnt that safe either. In 1960 as stated in the text, when President Kennedy ran for office segregationist in the state of Louisiana nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic voters (elected by the people) with voters who would have voted against Kennedy. Or in 2000 when Al Gore won the popular vote but George W. Busch won the electoral vote and caused the biggest election scandal of the century. These are just a few examples of instances where the majority has won but the electoral college has caused an issue in the election. I am unsure of your preferences over popular or electoral but who the majority of the American people decide should become the President. We shouldnt allow some 538 politicians out of some 3 million citizens to choose the President. The American people should choose all of us not 538.

Though our founding fathers decided that we needed a system to decide the President instead of letting the people decide times have changed. Scandals have taken place, and issues have risen. But yet we still use this process even though we have an election all it does it we elect a select few to represent us. Why cant we just pick right away? The Constitution of the United States of America is based off of a democracy where the people run the government through our elected officials. Nowhere does it say that we elect people to elect the president. That doesnt sound like the country electing the president; it sounds like a few "qualified people" electing the president.

So Senator I ask you that you make a motion to eliminate the electoral college. All it does is take away our rights as citizens to elect our officials. It has caused many scandals as well. So please I hope you can agree that we need to eliminate the electoral college and only use the popular vote.    