I feel like that shouldn't be an option for students. Not only is that not helpful but it can cause cheating and Not working to full pontential. Also some people could be more hands on and need actual help. I don't feel like it's helpful because people can over sleep and people will skip lessons to get out of taking the class just because there at home. Also people wouldn't work with their full pontential. Because they can use their phones to cheat. And use others for help instead of doing or getting the work for themselves. Some people need for it to be shown to them physically. For example, I need a math word problem to be drawn how it's shown like picture wise. And videos or online class is not good for teenagers. It makes them more antisocial and depressed. The only reason why I say it can make teens antisocial is because their not around their peers. And they really wouldn't have anyone to talk to or vent to. And it would be no clubs or after school activies they could use to keep them out of trouble. And they will regret that later on in life because when they get a job and have to work with people their not going to like that because their so use to working by their selves. I personal don't think it would beneift teachers either. The only reason why i state that is because some teacher really love teaching and being their for help and support. Some people meet the love of their life in high school. Some people couldn't experiance that because their "working from home".                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   