Some schools often do have little summer programs going on for the kids like the elementary schoolkids and the middle school kids. The summer programs should be student designed just becuase its to help the students learn a little bit over their summer break to keep their brains going. They provide those for students who may need a little bit of help in school or t o just simply have fun. Sometimes, even highschool provides summer programs like rcps+ also or what people call summer school. They also have summer projects to make sure students are still learning over their summer break.

First, since the summer programs and summer projects are technically for the students, it should be students designed. The students most likely wouldnt go to the school programs or the student projects if they are teacher designed just because the teachers designed them and they might not like how the teachers designed them and stop coming to the programs and the projects. If the students design them, then it can be educational and fun for all the the other students that participate in them. Not every student has the same interests, specially when it comes to their interst in fun. The students should make the programs and projects basedd on their versions or ideas of fun so they can keep coming and participate in them.

Second, since they should be student based, students should get to pick and choose what happens during the day or during the class. Lots of students dont like to be all together in one room with alot of people they dont know either so they should be able to have they own classes with people they know during the programs just so they can be in a friendly enviornment, surrounded by people they know and possibly love and just all around be happy during the day. The programs should be like school with the boys and girls in classes together and not split up into rooms with just boys and rooms with just girls. They should also have a teacher that can teach them in fun ways that the students like so they can still be in a learning enviornment and still have fun while learning. The teacher would be the most important part about the programs and projects because if you have a bad teacher then it would be hard for the students to learn and pay attention because no student would want a bad teacher teaching them. They should have a good teacher who can help then learn, have fun doing it and provide a healthy and stable class full of fun and students ready to learn.

Third, since the programs and projects are during the summer, the shouldn't take up the students whole summer. They should be for 4 weeks or 1 month just so the students can still have a month and some weeks left of their summer break to do what they want and stay up for how ever long they want and to go where ever they want to go for the remainder of their summer. The classes should be like regular classes also. The students should have to be at the programs by 8:45 and the programs should end by 1:45 just so the students can still have the rest of their day to goof off or relax. Since the programs and projects should be student-designed, they should be able to pick the programs they wanna take, the things they wanna do in the program or project, and should be able to pick the place the program or project takes place at. Not all students are going to want to be in the same place with others since its based off of student-design so they should pick their own place. Since it would be student-designed, the students who would be participating in the programs or the projects could gather together and form a game plan on how they want them to be like. They can agree on where they take place, the time of them, who are seperated into groups and what to do during them.

In conclusion, Some schools often do have little summer programs going on for the kids like the elementary schoolkids and the middle school kids. The summer programs should be student designed just becuase its to help the students learn a little bit over their summer break to keep their brains going. They provide those for students who may need a little bit of help in school or t o just simply have fun. Sometimes, even highschool provides summer programs like rcps+ also or what people call summer school. They also have summer projects to make sure students are still learning over their summer break.