Finding a rock-like formation on Mars was one of the biggest dicscovories NASA has made. They first say it in a picture taken by one of their satlights called Viking 1.

The shadows over the object looked made the formation look like a human face. Scientist called this formation on the red plant Cydonia. The scientist said that the face was about 2 miles long. When NASA announcded this to the public they called it a huge rock formation. Later NASA started making conspiracy theorist. When NASA took their second picture the public waited till they announcded the picture. Later some of the people got in a fights saying that it was a Natural landformation or it was created by aliens.

The face is just a rock formation. When the Viking 1 took the picture it said that the shadows made the formation look like a face. Scientist confermed it was a Mesa. They said that the martian mesa was common enough around Cydonia. The third picture provide it was not a face their was nothing similar. NASA's people who spend the money really wished it was a ancient civilization on Mars. They thougth that you could not see some parts of the mesa is because haze was blocking some of it. The last time scientist looked into this they looked at the seroundings and could not find anything.

NASA is afriad of saying there is an ancient civilization, they are makeing conspiracy theorist to cover it up. Over time the dust on Mars could of covered up the the alien artifact. When they took a picture they said it looked like and Egyption Pharaoh. The people who took the pictures could have changed it to make it look like nothing was there. People believe that the fas was covered by haze and so you could not see it. The picture they took could have been from another mesa because the scientist say that it is not easy to get a picture of this. They also said that they can not always take a picture with it because it circles Mars.

The rock formation was not man made it was a landform. The only thing different about these is that they remind people of the Snake river Plain in Idaho. If there was and civilization we would have found more then just one formation. Every thing around the mesa is normal there is nothing different. Scientists used different sights and took pictures and they all look like a rock formation. There could have been somthing covered but not in that area.