Phones and Driving

Everyday people die in car accident, but most of those accidents are caused by people on their cell phones. This here is one of the biggest issues the world faces every day with drivers getting their self's in danger and others over a phone call or text message. If you think the slight chance that any of this isn't important and the world is just making a big deal about this, will then let me give a hand and give you a lesson. In 2011s Cell Phone and Driving Statistics, it's estimated that 23% of all car accidents each year are cause by cell phones use. That's 1.3 million crashes and 10 % of those car crashes have been fatal to many others.

Cause of these accidents many are wondering if people should or should not be allowed to use cell phones while driving. If we were to have a week that no one could use their phones for while driving that long the amount of car crashes and accidents could possible or will decrease by the hundreds. Know yes there still will be car crash happening but not by phones anymore, but we really can't do that cause some people aren't going to give up their phones while driving. But there is a better option one that's already being put in place in many states and counties and that laws. Yes, laws are already being test or being placed in many states banning phones while driving now, but they all have a different way of solving this problem. In some states the law only effects teens under 18 or 21 from using their phones when driving hoping to dramatically decrease the chance of car accidents where in other states they don't allow ant one to use their phones at all, for example California has a law that any one 18 or above are ban for using their phones on the roads or anywhere while their using a car, same goes for Hawaii as well. With these laws we can finally decrease the number of crashes, want some proof? In 2017 the U.S. Department of Transportation's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration announced that highway fatality numbers are going down for two consecutive years, it even led in to the first six months of 2018. If we keep it up, we could have much saver highways and neighborhoods for the kids to play in.                                                                                       