The voting system is a very interesting thing. The electoral college is a good system that represents the population in the United States. The electoral college takes into considereation of how big the state is. Based on the population of the state is how many House of Representatives. The more House of Representatives the state has the more impact it will have on the Presendential election due to population. When you think about the presendential election and where the people that are mostly at in the United States the electoral college is a great system because it takes into considerationn where most of the population is.

There is also some wrong with the electoral college. It does have problems as most things do. The single best arguement against the electoral is what some people call the "disaster factor". The disaster factor is that the state legislators are responsible for picking electors, and electors can always defy the will of the people. For example, in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. Therefor a popular vote for Kennedy would not have acually gone to Kennedy. Soem electors have also occasionally refeused to vote for their party's canidate and cast their deciding vote for whoever they want. The worst possible thing with the electoral college is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In thisw case, the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives. Many people do not like the electoral college.

The popular vote is probably the most logical and most simple way to have the presedential election. I think the popular vote shows which president the people of the United States actually want. The popular vote voting system simply counts up all the votes and see which president wins. It is a very simple process. However, the Popular vote means nothing to the Electoral college vote. If a presdident wins the popular vote but gets beaten in the Electoral college vote, the president who won the elctoral college vote wins because that is just how it is.

Both of these voting systems are very interesting. I think the Popular votes barely beats out the electoral college vote for me. The popular vote just seems more accurate and more simple. You should change the voting system to the popular vote for more accuracy. The popular vote is better and will make the United States voting policies better.                      