Venus, otherwise known as the "Evening Star", is the closest thing to Earth as far as the base planets go. It is often called Earth's twin, even if it doesn't seem that way. The surface temperature is nearly 800 degrees Fahrenheight, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times that of Earth. This being said, scientists are still fascinated by Venus, as it could have been just like Earth long ago. Despite the dangers it presents, studying Venus is a worthy persuit because it could lead to many scientific discoveries, and set foot on another planet and gather data, and see what happened to Venus and possibly find out how to prevent it from happening to Earth.

Even getting to Venus may seem like a stretch, but keep in mind that it is at times the closest planet to us, which is important considering the long time frames of space travel. Furthermore, even with the harsh surface temperatures, there's a way around it. A vehicle hovering Venus would still be able to get data about the planet without burdening itself with the the tough conditions. Even if this can only provide limited insight, scientists are working everyday to on technology that lasts long enough to be able to get meaningful samples such as soil, rock and gas. For example, NASA has developed simplified electronics made of silicon carbide that have been tested in Venus-like conditions, and they lasted about 3 weeks in the harsh temperature and pressure. Another project is looking to the past to mechanical computers, computers that don't use electronics, but use gears and levers to make calculations. They could be made to withstand the conditions of Venus, while also taking data and making calculations for study.

Although there are many challenges that need to be overcame and scientific breakthroughs that need to be discovered before we even think about sending anything to Venus, studying Venus is a worthy persuit because of the discoveries it could hold. From regular rock and gas to preventing a catastrophe, scientists should continue to study our sister planet, and see what's really beneath the surface. 