Driverless cars, I feel like its a disaster waiting to happen. As we exploring the world of cars and what they can teach us we will have a few bumps along the way. This is one of those bumps. Driverless cars will defeat the purpose of the 16 year old child earning freedom and driving on his or her own. It's not fair to the current generations that they won't be able to drive like past generations have.

If you pull text from the 8th paragraph it staes rather clearly that it's not really developed the way they wanted it. It's more like roadside assistance. But the driver would get rather bored waiting on his or her turn to drive, if they even get a turn. This is just one of the many negatives of driverless cars. The law in many states say that and driver needs to be present and in control but California, Flordia, Nevada and the District of Columbia are starting to allow it. People out there are starting to believe that it's the next great thing and that all the other states willl follow alot like the rise of homosexuality.

Now don't get me wrong the idea of a driverless cars seems pretty cool and the world would love the change but is it worth it? Think of the thousands of taxi drivers and limo drivers that would be out of work. Think of the people that work at the BMWs, they would be out of jobs and wouldn't be able to provide for the families they have. Is it all worth the unemployment line filling us in busy towns because the cabs have no reason to be driven?

The passage also allows the reader to wonder what would happen if the car malfunctioned. Would it be the drivers fault or the companies fault? This could simply be avoided and that makes lives alot easier and even though you have to go through task of teacher the newer generations to drive wouldn't that be eaier than taking and risk and possibly dying beacuse you wanted to use a driverless car.

The passage also states they've already got a phase A of the driverless car. Google has presented a car that can drive up to 25 miles per hour with no issues until it needs help swearving throughout traffic. Then and only then will the driver be able to control the car. Other than that the car is just a no driver needed car unless a situation happens. This also could upset the driver because they might've wanted to drive but they have to wait his or her turn to control the car. This could also cause many issues and it's a huge possiblity that the car accident rate can and will increase because of the malfuntions of the car.

In short this passage can be connceted to Surealism. This whole idea is a figure of someone's imagination and they thought it would be rather cool to eleminatedivers as jobs. Think of the taxi and limo drivers they will lose jobs if people have driverless cars. It also defeats the purpose of maing the world a btter place because now there will be homeless people and people needing jobs that aren't avalible to them. Do you really think that this sureal idea is the best idea they could come up with?