Have you ever participated in a extracurricular activity before and though it was a pain to deal with? Well, your principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity, whether it be in school or outside of school like sports or book club. I disagree with having to do a activity, for students could have plans with others or family outside of school, they could have something wrong with them or something wrong is happening that they aren't able to participate in their activity, or a student may have a job outside of school.

To being with, having to do one extracurricular activity would be terrible if a student had planned to do something before hand. Lets say you had plans to go out with a group of friends to have ice cream,and since your principal has made everyone do an activity you went with softball or some kind of sport. Your team has practice the same day you made plans with your friends and now you have to choose between the two, your friends or practice for the big game coming up. Having to do a extracurricular activity would be unfair for that simple reason.

Next, a student could have something wrong with them or something wrong is happening to them that could prevent them from doing the activity poorly or preventing them from doing it all. For example, your friend has just got a medical cast for his leg since he hurt himself on accident playing around. He signed up for soccer since he must do an activity and there is a big game coming up and he needs to be there for his team. He is unable to play currently due to his medical cast stopping him. He is upset and cannot play soccer for his team and friends.

Then, a student could have a job to do outside of school and their activity is messing up their hours or the job. they could get fired or lose money due to the extracurricular activity they are forced to do. For example, Generic_Name has a job at the local supermarket and she starts work at four. She has also signed up for art club which starts at four every other day. Due to the activity starting as soon as her work starts she has to miss work or the activity and she will get in trouble any way she chooses because they both start at the same time.

In conclusion, I disagree with having to do a extracurricular activity because it could mess up plans with others or yourself, it could be hard doing the activity due to something wrong with a student and it could ruin peoples day with the schedule of the activity.     