Many students have decided to move away from working in a classroom to doing classes online. Classrooms bring a lot of pressure and unneeded stress to he lives students. Taking online classes is beneficial because you can take classes on your own time, have more time to do work, and you have less stress.

The biggest part of taking classes online is the student chooses when they have classes and are not told where to be by class schedules. Students can wake up as late as they want as long as they finish all of their classes before the day is over. When your classes are on your own time, you can chose when you have breaks and when yo have to be doing work. Having taken online classes before I can say that when I got to choose when to do my work I found myself developing better time management skills that have helped me in my normal everyday life. Although some may say you are missing out on the importance of a classroom setting, the classroom brings a lot of tension and is not for everyone.

When you choose when you take your classes you have more time to do your work. In a normal school day I have one hour and thirty minutes to complete all of my work for one class, but when you take classes online you can go as fast or as slow as you like. In the movie minutemen one of the main characters takes online classes while all of his friends are stuck a school, and he finds himself finishing school nearly two hours earlier than those who attend the nearby high school. If he really wanted to, he could use the whole day to take his classes while those at the school have a set amount of time to complete everything they are assigned. Having more time can lead to a lot less stress on the students minds and bodies.

Stress, the one thing that no one can avoid, can be easily managed when your taking online classes. The ability to get a full nights sleep and still have the time to complete your classes and homework. Lack of sleep is one of the biggest things that lead to stress for high school students. When we are up all night studying, taking notes, or doing homework, it takes a toll on our minds. When you are taking online classes you can wake up as early or as late as you please compared to normal students who may have to stay up till 1:00 AM and wake up at 7:00 AM to be ready for school. Online students find themselves happier and more relived at the end of the day than the other students who attend school and come home stressed and exhausted.

It can be said that you do not retain all the information that you learn from a online class, but when you have the motivation and determination you find yourself learning more and becoming a better student.

Taking classes online may be seen as not the normal thing to do, but most online students end up with better grades and happier lives. The mental stress and time put on students is extreme and online classes help to prevent that. Students would benefit more from taking online classes rather than being in school due to the less stress, more time to work, and the ability to choose when you take your classes.