I would like our election to be cast on popular vote. It would make more sense for us to be able to elect our president by what everyone thinks and not the electoral college because many things can go wrong. The votes in electoral college don't make sense big states have more votes then the little ones so the candidates focus on big states and the other ones are left out because they have two or three votes. Thats why I think we need a different system or just cast it on popular vote.

Just like the 2000's election Bush won that by getting the bigger states when Gore should've won it because he had more popular votes. The electoral college makes no sense and should be taken down. Many people disagree with the electoral college and know its a big scam for the presidents to win by losing. Thats why it should be casted on popular so its fair for people and not on the size of your state.

The electoral college is an outdated, unfair system on voting. It shouldn't be about the state but what all of the country thinks. Popular vote is the best way to caculate who should be president and who not to be. Our nation would be better off with a new system because the electoral college is getting outdated and isn't a good way to vote for who leads our country. We need a new system because in several places they never seen a candidate or ad to vote in 2000 campaign. Those states didn't see anything because of their electoral votes are small compared to those of the bigger states.

Also you can tie the votes in electoral votes and then we'd have to worry about the vote our House of Representatives would give us. That could be a disaster for us to worry about. Just like Nixon and Clinton had 43 percent of popular vote but winning in the electoral college. Its not fair for most people and it doesn't make sense how he can win but still be losing at the same time. I wouldn't vote until this system is changed because it is completly unfair.

The electoral college is an unfair system that no one wants anymore. We can change our ways of voting so it'll be more fair and it matters on our country's thoughts not our states. Popular vote seems more reasonable and a better way for us to find a good leader. Thats why i think it should be casted on popular vote instead of the electoral college and the United States of America would be better off with what our whole country thinks instead of our size because we represent freedom and need to prove it.    