The development of a driverless car is a stunning concept. Though it may seem like a wonderful idea, the negative out-weighs the positive when it comes to this. The amount of problems that can come out of this is not worth the risk. From health risks to the price, negative results from the driverless car are iminate. The development of driverless cars will have negative results.

One way that something tragic can come out of this is the safety. Without the skill of a human at the wheel people are at the mercy of the cars intelligence. Manveuring around crashes and contruction will become an immensely more tedious job. Also the dangers of the car not knowing the terain of a certain place could also pose as a major safety risk. Also, with a vehicle with this amount of technology, it is bound to develop glitcthes. Things like this put the passengers lives at risk.

Another negative of the driverless car would be the price. With an advanced car like this it would only be accessable to the wealthy. Alienating a large group of potential buyers. With this information a person can assume that it would not catch on and die off quickly. Also, the fuel of the vehicle would also be extremely expensive. Making the car a burden to have if an individual is taking a road trip.

The manufactureres would also have to consider what the people think about it mentally. Some people actually enjoy driving a vehicle. Those people would be less likely to purchase such a car. This would make it even more difficult to sell the car. Since most people are already lazy, making a driverless car would not help in their favor. Driverless cars would take the work ethic right out of people. Making people more dependent on technology is not a positive thing.

To conclude, Driverless cars would have a multitude of negative results. Although it may be nice to not have to drive, the risks that are factored in makes it not worth it. Considering the safety of the buyers is what automakers should put first before anything. Cars like these pose a great number of cocerns for the country. Driverless cars may be a thing of the future, but this is a future we should try to avoid.   