When people ask for advice, typically 90% of them ask for multiple answers. Multiple answers is better than just one piece of advice. Because one piece of advice Is not enough to wrap your mind around it may be good advice but It just doesn't sink in. If you get multiple pieces of advice It sinks into your mind better because you have multiple things to think about instead of just one. Multiple pieces of advice is the best because It gives you more options, It gives you better options, and It just penetrates into your mind better.

First, multiple pieces of advice Is just out of the park better because It gives you more options. It gives you more opinions, because lets say you went to your uncle and he said something about what you should do, then you went to your dad and he said something different on what you should do. You have to different opinions on what you should do. Those two different opinions could be worded differently but they could mean the same thing. You could just like one more than the other because of how It's worded differently. That's why It's good to have multiple opinions because you might like one more.

Then, It gives you better options. Lets say you went out with your friends and you told them to give you ideas on how to ask the girl you like out. You asked one of your friends and he said something incredibly unwise, then you asked your other friends and they said something the complete opposite and It was a good idea. You went with the better option because you don't want to mess It up and not be able to date her. That's why It's important to have multiple answers because you want to have the best option possible.

Lastly, you want to have the best option sunken into your head. When an option Is stuck in your head you are less likely to forget It. Here's and example say you played the same song over and over for one week, even though you didn't listen to that song for another two weeks you will still most likely remember it because you listened to it over and over. Now that song is stuck in your head and you wont forget It. That's why It's good to get things stuck In your head so you dont forget them.

Typically 90% of people ask for multiple options of advice. This Is the best because you have more options, you get better options, and It penetrates into your head. Because of these the best option Is to ask for multiple pieces of advice because you don't want to end up forgetting anything or messing up.