Generic_Name

3/10/20

Student-designed summer projects

Most students and teachers look forward to summer. No more grading papers,taking quizzes, or turning in homework. Although it may be summer some schools still require that students complete a summer project to assure they are still learning. All summer projects should be student-designed because they'll be able to more creative as well as they'll understand the assignment better.

Often students get confused when assigned projects over the summer one of the main reasons are because they don't understand the topic. By allowing the students to design there own assignments will help them make their project more detailed. For example, a student could take a family vacation out of town once they've arrived back home they could design a detailed poster board of all the historical sites they saw while on vacation. Also, In the summer most kids volunteer and do other stuff around the community a student could type an essay as their summer project about the importance of giving back. During the summer the teacher most likely won't be available to answer any questions, comments, or concerns. If the project is student-designed then there will be no need for the students to reach out to there teachers because they'll have all the information they need because they're creating they're own topic for the project.

Although, some teachers or even students may feel that the summer projects should be teacher-designed because it allows the teacher to know exactly what they're grading ,others feels it limits creativity for the students. When assigned a project there is usually a rubric the teachers hand out. Students feel as if this limits them to there creative abilities because they have to follow a rubric that tells them exactly how everything has to be done. Students want to have control over there summer projects so when they return to school they will be more confident presenting the projects. Teachers will be able to grade the students based off of their creativity and see that the student took there time and worked hard over the summer on the assignment .When students design their own work without any guidelines they're allowed to be more creative as well as more detailed in their work.

In conclusion, students should be allowed to design their own summer projects because theyll understand it better as well as show there creativity in their work.                  