Lets say that you and your partner had an argument between each other. You feeling sorry towards your partner, so you decide that you want to surprise her and take her on a romantic suprise date. The problem is you really aren't the romantic type. You turn to your elder brother Generic_Name for advice, Generic_Name says you should take her out for shopping, then, take her to get her nails done, or maybe take her to the salon. After, when she thinks your both going home, you take her out to her favorite restaurant. You acknowledge his efforts in trying to help you. But what if your father has a better idea? You go to your father, He says "When I was your age I would go to the dollar store and I would buy our favorite snacks like, Cheese Doodles, Galaxy Bars,Milky Ways, Atomic gummy worms. Then late night she would sneak me into her bedroom, and we would watch movies all night long."

You take into perspective on what Father said, you rethink your plan. You take into account what both your Father and Generic_Name had to say about the situation. It gave you perspective, you could tell that Generic_Name had the idea of just going all out and spoiling her with clothes,jewelry,etc. But your Father had the more easy laid back classical idea of saving money, yet still maintaining the same level of quality that would have taken place if you took her out to a restaurant. As the days get shorter and date night gets closer, You decide that the night prior to the day you were going to take her out, you stop by the dollar tree on your way back from work. You pick up her favorite snacks, Super Worms, Lemon fizz pop,Chili burros. You make a basket of her favorite snacks all in one, but it doesn't end there, you go to her favorite burger joint,Up and Atoms. You buy her favorite Burger and an Ice cream shake. You decided that combining the ideas would become more efficient because you liked both the ideas, they both were good in there own way. You thought that combining the ideas would be better than just picking one

On the day of the date, you receive a call from your partner, you asking to make sure if everything is OK, and she says that her mother is in the hospital and is suffering from a stroke. You are in shock, you rush to the hospital, you get there and the doctors tell you that she is in critical condition. Having a stroke can really take a toll on your brain. It is even worse if your above the age of 60-65, your partner's mother being just over 70 puts her at great risk. Some time rolled around and She needed her daily check up and an iron infusion. For that you and your partner had to leave. Your partner is devastated, she can't get her mind off of her mother. You had no other choice but to delay date night. A few weeks pass by and your partner's Mom is out of the hospital and is healthy. She isn't allowed to leave the house and still needs to be checked up on regularly.

Later that day you decide to pull out all the food and set it up in your room. Having two different perspectives in mind when putting this surprise together allowed you come into the date with an open mind. The date went by great you and your partner are on good terms and had a great time with each other. After the date you sat down and gave it some thought." What if I didnt ask my Dad, What if I didn't ask Generic_Name." It is always good to have two different perspectives. It opens your mind up to what other people think about your situations. Its good to ask different people sometimes, for example lets say that you were thinking of getting your partner a gift, but you want to know what your friend Generic_Name thinks about the situation, you ask Generic_Name, he says that taking your partner on a date to her favorite restaurant would be a better idea. It just opens your mind up to taking different types of feedback and helps you make your decision for the better. When you ask other people for what there opinion is on your situation. You can combine two or three different opinions and use all your feedback and all your criticism for good.