Some of the students that go to school do not enjoy doing extracurricular activities. I do not agree with the princapal's decision of making it mandatory for students to take an extracurricular activity because, students should have the decision of whether or not they want to take an extracurricular class or do another activity , doing an activity such as a sport requires the student to be good at the sport, and anti social students would not enjoy being pressured into doing an activity that requires communication skills.

Having the choice of doing an extracurricular activity should remain optional. Most students might enjoy not doing an extracurricular activity after school because they might have some other activity or hobby such as playing a video game, or cooking for their family. The students might even enjoy doing an activity out in nature such as fishing or hunting.

Most of the extracurricular activities involve sports, and while some students are good at sports as Babe Ruth is good at baseball, some other students are not good at sports. The reason of why some students are not good at sports could be that they think they are not physically fit, they might not understand how the sport works, or the student simply does not enjoy having to move or run a lot. Above all else sports equipment might cost more money than most people are comfortable spending.

Some students do not like socializing with other people, and most activities that schools offer require communication skills so that the group in the activity can make plans for whatever they will do. The students that do not like to socialize are often known as anti social kids. The anti social kids could feel pressured into having to do an activity that involves having to socialize with other people. Apart from that being pressure into doing something could cause have negative thoughts on the brain which could effect academic skills.

In conclusion it should not be mandatory for students to have to do an extracurricular activity because, students should be able to enjoy doing other activities outside of school, doing an activity such as a sport could require skill and before hand knowledge on sports, and most students that are anti social should not feel being pressured into having to do an activity which requires socialization.  