So all of this has been going on for awhile now on the news with all the gossip and rummors being spread its lead you to beleive there is life on mars. The question is is there really life on mars. The images shown from 1976 could eassily convince someone there is life on mars being that a single human has not ever been to mars before.

This dosn't necasarily mean anything though. Then they took an other picture of the so called face on mars in 1998 it came in clearer now becouse we had created new technolgy that lets us take better pictures. Then finally as techonolgy as we know it has become greater it takes better pictures now so in 2001 N.A.S.A took an other photo of the mysterios face. It turns out its not even a face it was just a land form.

With the new technology there was no dobt it was just a landform "so, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks,you could see what they are!" As stated in paragraph 11. It is just a landform like land forms we have on our planet we have the grand canyon for instance it just so happens mars has some landforms of its own and it just happens to be a landform clasified as a mesa landform common in part of the american west. So dont let hollywood get to you with there myths and spooky tales the real evidence prooves its just a land form.

It is fun though to dream of it as a sing there is other life beyond us but for right now it is just a landform on mars. If your still not conviced let me explain more the reason that we had not came across the landform as soon as we had discovered mars is becouse we don't cover that area that often but it is shurley not aliens. Look at the time capsale at the beginning of the arcticle from 1976 to 2001 it clarifies more so you can see the image better it just is a peice of land perhaps the image that was taken was just clouds casting a shadow that made it apear as a face. I hope i have cleared any thoughts you have had other wise about this so now yo know it is just a simple lanform that was once dreamed as a face.