Would you feel prepared for your future if you learned your classes at home electronically? With technology constantly improving, distance learning is becoming popular among individuals who would like to learn while being in the comfort of their own home.

While distance learning may be convenient for the student, students are not receiving the full school experience they would otherwise go through.

When a student physically goes to school, they are able to expand their social skills, have a more personal learning experience and are able to prepare for their future more.

By attending school physically, students are able to enhance their communication abilities with other people.

Moreover, when I look back at my years throughout school, I realize how much my ability to make friends has improved.

Had I not attended school, I would surely not have as many friends as I do now.

If a student were to attend school electronically at home, they would not possess the skills needed to socialize with others.

This demonstrates the importance of attending school physically.

Additionally, when talking to one of my friends who had previously done distance learning, he told me that it was difficult for him to make friends because his communicative skills were not on par with other people his age.

Due to the fact that my friend participated in distance learning, he was not able to develop those core skills that we take for granted.

This is why it is essential that individuals try their best to attend school physically as opposed to learning from a distance.

A more personal learning experience is gained when a student goes to school.

Furthermore, whenever I go to school, I feel that learning is more interactive.

Due to learning being interactive when I attend school, learning in school offers a special experience that proves to be incredibly effective towards a student's capability to learn.

In addition, when talking with my sister, she says that she is able to learn better due to the teachers being there physically.

When one chooses the route of distance learning, they will not be receiving that special learning experience that would help them learn better.

When one chooses to attend school, they are able to prepare for their futures more so than if they were to learn via distance learning.

Thus, I feel more prepared than ever for my journey to college as my school is able to provide the resources for learning about the numerous paths students can take once they graduate.

Distance learning would not be able to sufficiently prepare students for the near future, which could lead to confusion once that particular student graduates.

Lastly, my friend who participated in distance learning found it difficult to find out what he wanted to do after he graduated.

Distance learning creates unpreparedness within students which can negatively affect an individual's future.

Overall, distance learning does not provide the sufficient experience that is vital for a student.

By attending school physically, students are able to interact with other people better.

Students are also able to learn more efficiently, due to the physical presence of the teacher.

Finally, students are able to discover who they would like to be when they get out of high school.

After all, we want to create futures, not ruin them.