Mr. Senator,

I think that the Electoral College is a decent way to vote for president. But is it really the best way? Though the Electoral College elects presidents in a way favored by many, it doesn't allow for people to directly vote for the president. Because of that, the Electoral College should be abolished and changed to election by popular vote.

Voting by Electoral College can make things unfair. As stated in the article, "The Indefensible Electoral College", "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president" (Source 2). That statement basically says that when a voter goes to vote, they aren't voting for the president, but for someone to go and vote for them. Also, who exactly are the people we go and let vote for the person leading our country? According to the article, "Electors can be anyone not holding public office" (Source 2). The people who go and vote can't control who these electors vote for. That's just another way that the Electoral College can be unfair to the voters.

Along with being unfair to the voters, the Electoral College can also be unfair to other people as well, for example, the canidates actually running for president. In an article that is for the Electoral College, it states that, "...the electoral college is not democratic in a modern sense...it is the electors who elect the president, not the people" (Source 3). Does this mean that the Electoral College may have been a good system a while ago, and maybe not as good this day in age? Yes, it does. Also, in the article, it states, "...it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote" (Source 3). That being said, there is always a chance that the result of an election will not be what the country as a whole wants, but what the electors want.

To conclude, the Electoral College is a very interesting proccess that everyone should know about. But I believe that the Electoral College should be a process that stays in textbooks to be learned about, not to actually be used. The Electoral College should be gone and be changed to election of popular vote. After all, the Preamble to the Constitution says, "We the people", not "We the electors".

Thank you for your time,

PROPER_NAME                  