Based on the four sources, car usage should be limited in some way. Smog in Paris and other cities have governments placing restrictions on when and where citizens are allowed to drive their vehicles. A German has a certain city that bans cars and other places, such as Bogota, Columbia, have "car free days". These give citizens of nearly every country a thought of why drive when i can walk. Some expert sociologists even believe we are out of our peak car buying years and into one that is less vehicle extemsive and more stress free and relaxed.

In Paris, smog forced many citizens to stop their driving all together. The pollution was so overwhelming that it rivaled Beijing, one of the most polluted cities on the world (Duffer). Car emissions put Paris' parculate matter scale off of the charts. Pullotion is a serious issue, especially when it affects millions, such as those in Paris. Other places have gone so extreme to ban cars in certain cities. Vauban, Germany have given up their cars to live there. Most citizens agree with Heidrum Walter's words of "being much happier [without a car]" (Rosenthal). Her understanding of a life without a vehicle is a crutial turning point in todays society and even limit air pollutions, not unlike those of Paris or Bejing.

Experts say that the United States "love affair for vehicles seems to be cooling" (Rosenthal). Many Young citizens aged under 25 seem to have no desire for a drivers license. As of April 13, 2013, the number of miles driven per person were down 9 percent from the peak of car buying sales. We are experiencing a long term cultural shift (Rosenthal) and will likely see dramtic changes in the future. Major cities , like New York and San Fransico, have transit and subway systems put into place for this very reason. More car pooling and public transit seems to be the way to go.

Not only does driving less reduce air pollution, but it decreases unwanted stress in many different situations. Many cities and countries around the globe agree with this and are all headed that direction. Vehicles seem do be on the downhill portion pf their lifespan. Take the initiative and protect our world. Less driving and less pollution reduces stress in even the best of us.    