Dear state senator,

I feel as though the electoral college is unfair and irrational. It has messed up so many things in the past as well as the present. The presidential elections would be more truthful about who should win compared to the system of voting we have now. This voting system is untruthful, bias, not fair to everyone else that votes as well. If the entire United States were to vote, the votes would be more honest and real. In my opinion, it is almost crucial to hear what your people have to say about the country they live in, therefore it is important to know who we want as our president.

Because we have people of a higher authority standing in for us and voting for the president, it becomes untruthful. Some of these people just vote for whom ever they want, and when something this big is just thrown out the window like that, it is the deciding factor between a good\bad leader of our country; or even whether or not the best president was chosen. But those votes that are just voted at random to say that they did their part in the election are not honest votes. These people with higher authority dont care who wins,[some of them anyway], and that his hurting the human population in the U.S..

Not only is it untruthful, it develops to be bias as well. People tend to use their personal feelings fro someone as an advantage or even disadvantage. When someone does not like a person, they can not look passed that, and during an election as big as this one, you have to be able to look passed the fact that you may dislike them and ask yourself: "Would this person be a good, strong leader and role model for our country?". Same way goes if you like someone, it is not right to vote for someone just because you think they are a good person, there are far more factors needed when running a country. You should ask yourself the same question: "Would this person be a good, strong leader and role model for our country?".

The people of the U.S. would most definitly like to have a say in who runs their country, but with the electortal college, they can not do so. The people with higher authority such as the present president, and the senators, etc. should want to hear what their people have to say, as well as use it and put it into perspective. We should decide who runs the country we live in, not just people of "higher rank". Please put this into perspective and help us do something about it.    