Dear State Senator,

Many people go back and forth whether or not to keep the Electoral College or switching to popular vote to decide on who our President of the United States will be. The Electoral College just isn't a fair way in deciding who the President will be. Just because that canident won the Electoral College and not the most popular vote out of the whole country, does not mean that should be President.

The picture provided in source 3 shows a map of the "breakdown of the number of electoral votes given to each state." Throughout the map you can clearly see that each state does not have the same number of electoral votes as all the rest. When people go out to elect the President they have to understand that they might not be in control of that vote honestly counting. We basically aren't choosing the President we want. We are choosing the electors for that President who will be voting for you and the state. It's sad to see that even if a President does win the popular vote out of the whole country that they still, may not become President because of the Electroal College. It even says in source 2 paragraph 9 "over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." If more people are against the Electoral College then there must be a change.

Along with people feeling as if their vote doesn't matter, there could be a "disaster factor." A disaster factor is when you vote for the candidates electors that then go and vote for the President of the opposite that you wanted. Yes is happens "rarely" but it still has happened. It says in source 2 "back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors withnew electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy." They were going to do this so that the popular vote whould not be counted for Kennedy. People have to keep in mind that if we vote for who we want as the President we are voting for electors that at any point in the election can change their mind and not vote for who you originally voted for. If electors do, do this then we have no control over it. It's like we've been told that our opinion doesn't matter or count in our country that is supposed to be free, we also have rights that prove our voice is allowed to be heard.

On the other hand like stated in source 3 people may argued that "each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee" but then it goes further on to say "it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote." That statement proves that it is unfair and not right not just to the candidate but to the people who overall voted for them. It also says in source 3 that "no region (Soth Northeast, etc.) has enough electoral votes to elect a president." But it sure does play a big role in deciding whether or not the President you want to win, will win or not. Also because of states being more popular than other states the Electoral College might as well say that those states are better than others, which is not true.

Overall, the Electoral College voting method should be changed to popular vote. It will make people feel like their vote actually matters and by having a popular vote the voting throughout the whole country would be more accurate than the Electral College way. With the amount of electoral votes given to each state it isn't fair to say that each state is even. Also with the chance of a disaster factor happening, people would feel more comfortable with knowing once their vote is in it will stay that way and not be changed by something that they can't control, especially by someone else. Our voting method must change and change quick.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME    