For years, many people have argued with scientists (at NASA) that the Face on Mars is alien made. Conspiracy theorists and most of the general public are set on believing that the Face is an ancient alien artifact. But, NASA has reliable evidence to back up and prove that the Face is just a fascinating natural landform.

First off, you cannot argue with the pictures that were taken of the Face. Even from the first picture ever taken of the landform in 1976, scientists were able to conclude that the Face was just another Martian Mesa, that just resembled a human face, specifically an Egyptian Pharaoh. In this photo, there was no evidence of any alien markings on the structure.

On the other hand, conspiracy theorists and skeptics argue that the picture isn't clear enough for someone to make out any markings on the landform. So, in 1998, another photo was taken of the face. It was ten times sharper than the original Viking photo, and it still revealed only just a natural landform. People still weren't satisfied and pressed on though, arguing that the picture was taken on a cloudy day and the haze in the photo blocked out any special markings or evidence. But then a couple years later in 2001, scientists got another image of the Face on a clear day with the camera's absolute maximum resolution, (and you would be able to see any objects or markings that was there) and there was still no signs of markings indicating alien interaction.

Also, the face is just another Martian Mesa, a natural landform. I will say it is a fascinating landform, but it is still natural. The Face resembles natural landforms found common in the American West, like buttes and mesas. It especially looks similar to the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. This proves that yes, it is possible to have natural landforms like the Face, and it is comparable to some of the landforms we have here on Earth.

In conclusion, there is multiple credible sources to back up scientist's (at NASA) claim that the Face is just a natural landform. There are a few different photos of the structure, each photo having higher resolution and being easier to make out than the previous one. With all three photos, there is no evidence of any special markings or objects that would suggest or prove of alien life. Also, there are similar landforms like the Face here on Earth so it's not like it is a freak of nature that nobody could ever see how something so interesting was made; it's comparable to things here even in America. Even with all of the conspiracies, NASA has reliable and credible sources to prove that the Face is just a natural landform. 