Senator of Florida,

im writing you today to address the issue about keeping the Electoral College or changing it to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. Let's start off, by pointing out that the Electoral College is an antique, and we should upgrade, also there could be many issues when using that method and many not wanted decisions can become official. Let me guide you through this important topic, and help you make this fair for everyone.

Like i pointed out before, the Electoral College is very old, Richard A. Posner stated " The Electoral College is widely regarded as an anachronism" back then everyone was okay with not having a say on who runs our country, but now and days people want to be part of it and want to help decide and know that there opinion matters. With the Electoral College, the people don't make that decision, they choose electors to choose the president. It is not democratic and is also not fair or equal because only certain people are being heard. Our choice as a whole should matter more then the electors. (Richard A.Posner) " In 2000, when Gore had more popular votes than Bush yet fewer electoral votes." this is called the disaster factor and was the biggest election crisis in a century stated Bradford Plumer. Let's take a moment and let this sink in.

not only is this unfair but so many things can go wrong it. For example, the electors can always defy the will of people. Plumer also stated " back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kenennedy.( so that a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy.) .... "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please..." As you can see, nothing is forcing the electors to vote for their party's candidate, this method is putting the decision and our future in their hands.

there is no other way around the fact that the Electoral College has to go, is unfair to the presidents and us, the people. everyone should be heard and not have to depend on anyones decision.  I hope with this letter the debating stops and your not on the fence about what method should stick and your certain about why elections by popular vote should be our way of picking our presidents.

sinceresly, kim    