It feels like everytime the education system takes a step forward, it also takes three steps back. Schools offer distance classes so that students can attend class at home, or at a long way from their school district. Though some may say otherwise, easy distractions of the youth, an easy and simpler way to skip class, and/or people not having any access to any computers are reasons why students shouldn't benefit from distance classes.

The first reason why distance classes are not a well thought idea is that younger students of schools would be easily distracted by the Internet's influence. due to their age, students would not entirely learn on their personal device when they are underdeveloped; instead, they wouldn't pay attention due to adds, pop-ups, or any spams appearing. If we give students of schools personal devices, then instead of being educated by the course, they would be distracted by the source of inappropriate entertainment of the internet. Some may argue that if we can notify the student that a lecture is starting so they can be ready for their lesson or test. However, the problem is whether or not they would pay attention in class, not whether or not they can be present on class or not, not if thats any help anyway due to the second reason why.

The second reason is that the students would easily skip the lessons from distance learning. Though not all, students of schools always attempt to not to go to class, whether they fake sickness, tell lies about family members, or just not showing up to school at all. If these student are allowed to do distance classes, they would have the advantage to skip class by simply sending the email stating that they are sick and that their "parents" told them that they should not be allowed to be on the computer until they would feel better. Some may argue that they could email to confirm the message from the parent. However, if the student in question's device is their parents device, then they would easily impersonate as their said parent or guardian to trick the teacher,or even the county to believe that they are sick, or they could simply not log in to their classes, nor do any online homework.

The third and final reason why is that what if certain students did not have the resources to partake in any distant classes. Either not having the money to obtain any device for the class, or not having the amount of time to use their families computer, particular students might not be able to do their classwork on time due to those circumstances. These people are not to be ignored by the educational system; these individuals need help because of the poor conditions they live in. Some may argue that the schools can lend them their own laptops to help them out with their classwork and insert ability to the online classes. However there will be a big problem concerning the budget to replace the laptop if the device is broken, or handled roughly, then it the problem would go back to square one, except with the added weight of replacing broken school property.

There is the importance of understanding the mind of a student, young and easily distracted, immature and wanting a way out, or even, those who can't afford or have the time to do so. These problems were a major issue in the past, then computers were just starting to explode on to the scene, when computers were only used in universities and government owned laboratories. If the problem with distant classes dosen't get resolved, then these problems would continue with more advanced preograms and technology. This problem needs to either improved, or resolved within these circumstances.