Everyone in their life can get a chance to drive, driving is one of our biggest freedoms. Some people are excited to get behind the wheel of a car and are really to explore the open roads. Other people are afraid and don't want to drive of they just don't like it. I was excited to be able to drive, but the hardest part of driving is learning everything paralle parking, going the speed limit knowing when to stop, how to make a three point turn, people need to know these things because it will keep them safe and their family and friends safe when they drive, so I think the "Driverless Car" is pointless and we shouldn't have them.

To began, cars now a days have become smarter, better, and safer for us to drive, it states, " they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves,"

(Paragraph 7) this tells us that they infact are smarter then they were before. This is pretty amazing but what will happen when the sensors break and the person behind the wheel never really knew how to drive properly now we have a bigger problem. So I feel like that these driverless cars could easily break becasue technology is known to break or it will have a glitch in the system. Would you be alright knowing that the only thing from keeping you from rear ending someone is sersors? This would freak me out, it's already stressful enough making sure you pay attention to your surrondings. So I have a feeling that the sensors could very easily mess up even if the manufacturers have tested it thousands of times.

To continue, I don't trust having technology driving me around place, I don't think it's very safe. I feel much safer riding with my parents because I believe that they are amazing drivers and they know what they are doing. But, if I was riding with them but realised that they weren't driving but the car was I would start to panic because every time we would come to a stop I don't want to end up rear ending someone. I would also feel safer if I was driving myself becasue I would be more focused on the road because when you're driving it's not really youself that you have to worry about it's other drivers. If you were in the driverless car and a car pulled right infront of you in an intersection will the sensors be able to stop you in time, if you were driving yourself you'll have a reaction to stop if you are pay attention of course.

Finally, I just htink the driverless car is usless and not something we need. I say that because people spend a long time learning how to drive and it takes time knoing how a car actually works. What's the point of me doing about thirty days of drivers ed and driving with an adult for fifty hours just to take a test to get my lisence. I put so much work into learning how to drive, so why would I want to use a car that I don't even really need to drive. It also stated, " In 2013, BMW announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assistant" the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph," (paragraph 7). This basically proved my point that this car will be usless because there's really not that many 25 mph zones where I live so you'll just have to drive yourself anyways. The car will also need your help navigation through work zones and around accident, so basically we are driving about 80% of the time anyways so why waste your money.

So I believe that the driverless car is not a very good idea for us to drive. I believe that the car's sensors will easily mess up then you'll be the cause of an accident. I feel safer driving myself and riding with my parents becasue it's other people you really have to worry about and I always feel safe with my parents. Also, I believe that will be usless because I've spent so much time working to get my lisense and I don't want to through way all that hard work and the car can only handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph which I rather just drive myself.   