In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the many risks and rewards of going to Venus are disscused. Venus is the most Earth-like Planet in our solar system and many scientists believe it might have supported life in its past. The author supports their claim that travelling to Venus would be a worthy pursuit very poorly by providing more negatives of Venus-travel than positives.

This poor support of the argument can be seen from second paragraph. The author describes how the unmanned missions to Venus have only been able to survive for a few hours. It is also stated that "not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus for three decades." No positive effect or example was used leading to the idea that if even unmanned spacecrafts cannot survive than manned spacecrafts certanly cannot survive. This is an example of how the author does not support the claim well.

In paragraph three, the atmosphere of Venus is explained. Phrases such as "far more extreme thatn anything humans encounter on Earth," and "such environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals" do not help support the idea that exploring Venus would be a worthy pursuit. If nonliving metals would be liquefied, who knows what would happen to flesh and bone.

In paragraph four and five, positives of Venus travel are finally given. Very quickly after this however the author goes back to the negatives of travel to Venus. One of the only ways of survival on Venus would be using blimp-like vehicles. In paragraph six this way of travel on Venus is exposed becuase "most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere." This would mean that photographs and videos could not be taken becuase of the lack of light. Also since humans cannot be on Venus's surface, no rocks or samples could be taken. This would make Venus-travel not worth all the risk.

In the very last line of the article, the author wrote, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." Risky and dangerous tasks should not be pursued just so that the immagination can be fulfilled but so that humans can gain meaningful insight on life and the universe.

In conclusion, the author does a poor job at explaining how studying Venus is a worthy pursuit. More negatives about this travel and study are given than positives. This means the author did not support his suggestion well.