The electoral college was a great attempt to give a reliable system of selecting the president, but it just does not work the way our founding fathers wanted it to. Many people throughout the country have brought this up as a major issue because they also agree. The other option that people would prefer to have would be selecting the president by the popular vote, which is the smarter path. This method is more democratic, it has a smaller chance of producing unreliable results, and it  encourages voters to still vote in states where there is already a predominant political party.

The electoral college is not democratic. The method of selecting people for it is generally controlled by each candidate's political party, and their responsibilities vary based on the party's wants. The people who select the candidates for the electoral college are not part of the popular population; they are part of a political party. Next, when people go to vote for the president, they are not voting for the president, but actually voting for a slate of electors that in their turn vote for the president. And to take this to the next step, as shown in "What Is the Electoral College?", "Most states have a winner-takes-all system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate." If voters vote for the candidate that ends up losing, poof, all their votes are given to the other team. To atleast make this a little more fair, instead of voting for the president, voters should cast votes for the electoral college members that are choosing their president. That way, you can at least do research on the people whom you are really voting for and make the best decision possible.

The popular vote is the most reliable way to get results from the people. It is the most raw, unbreakable way of selecting the highest political figure of the country. On the other hand, the electoral college's slight stretches have the possibility of unreliable results. In "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong", it becomes known that "...thanks to the quirks of the electoral college - [Al Gore] won the popular vote but lost the presidency". It is still argued that the electoral members chosen are extremely trustworthy :"each party selects a state of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)" (from "In defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President"). However, even in the continuation of the fragment above, even Richard A. Posner (,the author,) admits "[;however,] it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national vote." The electoral college members are trusted to vote for whom they were voted for, but their job is to be a highly knowledgeable political expert; and if they see the other president as a better choice, then it can become very unfair.

The electoral college discourages people to vote in countries where there is already a dominating party. For example, California is mostly a democratic country that usually casts a (highly populated) vote for the democratic party's electoral candidates. So why should republicans consider voting in this area? The government has always tried to push out that "every vote counts", but is this really the case? Another good point of this is explained by Bradford Plumer again in "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong" : "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races of 'swing' states. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina..." Swing states, as the're called, are the places where presidential candidates always hang around. They barely bother with the other states because they know they have already got or lost the vote in them...

Some laws were brilliantly passed, but had to eventually be deconstructed due to present implications. The electoral college is not democratic, doesn't produce reliale results, and discourages voters. It is time that we abolish this college just at we overturned the eighteenth amendment before.               