Many people in the world today are quite desperate to see change in their life. They are seeking a better life, something new and fun, and to do it for cheap. Walking or riding bike is the cleanest way to do all these things at once. The more people that are not using cars, the more accidents will be prevented. And there is no limit to how many people you can walk with. There's no cost to walk, you just do it. It's something the whole family can do together and enjoy the journey somewhere rather than being on their devices. In addition, fuel is not emmiting from your body into the atmosphere rupturing the Ozone creating all this Global Warming. Creating a world where transportation vehicles are obsolete will nt only benefit the people of this world, but the planet itself, and for the future generations.

Accidents would be almost non-exsistent if we were to gert rid of motherized vehicles. In the article, "in German suburb, life goes on without cars" the author talks about how there are already cities in the world that have not banned cars, but choose not to use them. The people in those areas are close to no accidents at all. If there are no cars in the road then how can there be a car accident? The way the Germans started to remove cars from the road is by removing parkig lots. There are only two anywhere in that suburb and they are so inconvient.

Any doctor in the world no matter how young, or where they live will tell their patients that exercise is the only way to stay healthy, energized, and feeling young throughout their life. Without cars getting from one place to another will require another means fr transportation. Now either wait for the bus and be late or wake up a little earlier and walk or ride your bike. It's cheap and effective not only for you but the enviorment.

Fuel creates a gas that later rips open holes in the Ozone layer. Creating Global Warming which then in turn leads to higher taxes to allow for more money to be used in research to save it. Or you can take action now and save up for a bike rather than a car. It takes less management and doesnt take fuel. Just good old man power. It's tradgic in "Paris bans driving due to smog", "Delivery companies complained of lost revenue." this world is what we are leaving our children and their children to live in. Make sure you leave it better than when you came.

In the four articles they all talk about the negative in driving rather than the positive. The reason is because there are more negatives to the industrialiaztion of a car rather than just going back to the way our ancestors used to be. Even our young as our vary own parents are amazed at how much damage this generation is doing to themselves and everything around them. It is the result of inventions like the automobile. Vehicles are efficient in some way, but you might prefer to take a bit more time here and there to allow that you can be there when your children have children.                            