Imagine if someone needed advice on someting and the person giving the advice tell them somthing thats not going to have a good outcome that is not going to have a good outcome for them. That is one of the reasons asking advice from more than one person is very important. someone could have another person lead tham on to the wrong desitions that will affect there outcome on what ever they asked advice for. There are many ways people can get better outcomes of advice but the best three are, because some people may not agree with the first persons they asked advice they gave. The first person people should ask should be a trusted adult because you know they can trust them, and finally everyone should always ask more than one person because they might get a better outcome from someone elses advice.

An example of the first one whould be there was a time where i had got advice from my brother on a project. He said for me to get information off this soon to find out website that give false claims. Which i did and when i was turning it in i got a really bad grade and i asked my science teacher why and he said ¨the website is fake it tells false claims about your project¨. So when i got home i told my mom what had happend and she said ¨i know all about this why didnt you ask me for advice¨ and i told her i asked my brother and she said ¨this is why its so important to ask more than one person on advice¨. So i have stuck to that for the rest of my life.

In a way that story was kinda related to my next claim about always ask a trusted adult first cause if i had asked my mom in the first place none of this would of happend. Another reason everyone should always ask a trusted adult first is it could be personal. So if someone tells there friends they might not alway seem like there real friends after they tell other people about stuff they didnt want them knowing. A tusted adult whould never do that and if some people dont have a trusted adult tou can always talk to a school counseler or family in some way shape or form. This is why it is so important to ask a trusted adult first.

In a kind of funny way my first topic is also in a way related to this one. Because sure my brother gave advice but if I had asked my mom i would have listened to her. this is why it is also important to ask more than one person for advice. Another example would be say someone asks for advise from a friend on weather they should partisipate in pajama day for our school. So they say no i think its dumb. So then you ask another friend for advice and say yeah and that they should do it together cause it will be fun. So you do it and you had a good day at school.

To conclude this these are some reason why asking more than one person for advise is so important. Also te 3 main reasons how to make better desition on what to do for asking for advise. the best three are, because some people may not agree with the first persons they asked advice they gave. The first person people should ask should be a trusted adult because you know they can trust them, and finally everyone should always ask more than one person because they might get a better outcome from someone elses advice. So these are the reasons why its important to know how to make the right choices when asking for advise.