Technology that can read your face? Wow, isn't that amazing! I've never heard of anything like it, and i thought no one would ever make anything like this! Also to try and ues it on a classroom of kids? Amazing! To create such technology had to have been super difficult. Although, it didn't seem so impossible for Porf. Thomas Huang and Prof. Nicu Sebe, the creators of the Facial Action Coding System, to create such an amazing computer system!

While reading this artical I thought to myself, "I wonder what it would be like to try and use this technology to read my peers emotions when I ask them if they are okay?", when I ask them I usually grt the sholder shrug, a sigh, or they just don't answer. But to use this technology and get an answer to the question I ask almost on a daily basis, would be amazing! I bet the teachers would love it too, because they could tell if the students really felt on a lesson, or if they just don't care enough to pay attention to what the teacher is saying.

Also if we could use this technology say, for example, two students get into a fight and neither one of them will tell how they feel about the situation, we could just use this to read how they feel, then adress the sitiation the way it needs to be. The technology could also be used for things such as theropy, for those who really don't know how to describe their feelings, or just want to be left alone to think. It could also help with seeing how people feel about diffrent situations, and they just don't want to speak up. Or if a student is getting bullied, and they don't want to talk about how they feel about it, read their face.

This new technology could be a great thing for the future. Using it to try and understand how students feel is a good thing. But also I do feel students have a choice, a choice that means if they want to have their face's read or not. If the student doesn't want their face to be read, then so be it. If the student is willing to have their face read, then so be it.

In conclusion to this essay, I find it amazing how Prof. Huang and Prof. Sebe were able to create something as amzaing as this! Jus t being able to read the face of a human is hard for people to do, but now with this new technology, we can do so much! Because a picture, in this case a face, can say a thousand words. And we can add even more words to the statement with the new Facial Action Coding System.