Many scientist have trouble on learnig more about Venus. It may act like it the brightest light in the sky but it`s not the easiest to study. They have a rough time try to discover it because they don`t have the right materials to study the planet. They have sent numerous spacecraft to the land on this clound-fraped world. All of the spacecrafts that have tried to land has never made it back. They have no evidence on what`s on this planet.

Scientist have tried to discover venus but they fail everytime. Do you think it`s because of how thick the atmosphere is with carbon dioxide? The air on Venus is very different that Earth. It makes it difficult because the clouds are filled with highly corrosive sulfuric acid and the average temperature is 800 degress Fahrenheit. The human body can not survive in that type of weather. The environment on venus would crush a submarine with how hot it is. Scientist compare the pressure and the heat to a erupting volcanoes. Will they ever figure out a way to do more studys on Venus.

As more and more people study Venus,they want to figure out how to get there. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has one particulary compelling idea for spending humans to study Venus. They may have came up with a idea to float above the fray. They want the vehicle to avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and away from the ground. The temperature would still be pretty hot but not as hot as the ground tempertaure. The temperature in the air would be around 170 degrees Fahrenheit but the air temperature would be close to the sea level on Earth. As many people study this idea,they will think that the human body would be able to use this method instead of going on the land of Venus. Could you see this happening in the future or not?

Other researchers think that Venus is to inhospitable to visit. They think that many years ago that Venus was just like Earth but they have no evidence to support the claim. On the other hand,how could Venus be like it is today and it like Earth years ago. Did Venus move that far away for it not to be a living place. The planet is a rocky sediment and has valleys,mountains and craters. I would say within a couple of years,scientist will have enough technology to discovert his planet. Would you ever live on this planet if they discover that it is a living place.

With all the evidence and support that scientist have,can Venus be a safe place to live. I think within the next couple years we will truely know what kind of planet it is. Scientist do a good job on studying the planets and any other things they study. I just don`t understand how it was safe man years ago and not anymore. The technology will help us study and get more information we need. I hope to see many people on the Planet Venus in the next couple years.    