Have you ever wondered, why does that person know how to do everything right all of the time? Or, how do they know the right thing to tell you? Well statistics show that 80% of people who ask for multiple opinions for important decisions are more successful than the average person. So, if you take advice from multiple people like the those smart and wise people do, then you don't make as many mistakes, you gain wisdom and understand different points of view.

First off, multiple pieces of advice can help you not make as many mistakes. Say you need help with memorizing bone names in anatomy class, and you ask a friend how to help memorize your terms. The advise your friend gives you will help you make less mistakes on remembering your anatomy terms. Another example is the president. When he needs help on things like national defense, he then can ask his cabinet for advice on what to do and he can make less mistakes for our country. So, advice helps with less mistakes.

Secondly, many different bits of advice can make you gain wisdom. A great example of is elderly people, they have lived through lots of different experiences that they can teach you not to do. A story of this is when I was about 7 I went to this camp called Camp Generic_City, and at Camp Generic_City was a giant hill called Generic_City. When lots of kids got there they wanted to run down the hill, but it was very dangerous because of the rocks and roots on the hill. One day, I wanted to run down the hill, but the older gentleman called Old Generic_Name said that it way too dangerous because it had rained the night before. He they told me a story of how some one had to go to the hospital because of running down the hill. I was very stubborn and still decided to run down the hill with my friends. We then ran down the hill and I fell and got a concussion. Basically, wisdom from advice can help you not to do something naive.

Lastly, getting several pieces of advice helps you understand different points of view. So when you ask for advice about what is the best way to drag a deer down the mountain. You could ask lots of people. Some might say to tie it up and drag it, and some might say to carry it. But they know this from their point of view of the best way to do it. Also, if you ask a couple people how to handle a problem at work, and they give you an answer based on how they see a problem, they you get to see their point of view on the problem.

To sum it all up, getting multiple opinions from people can help with making less mistakes, you can gain wisdom, and understand different points of view. Basically, advice helps you learn, and understand different problems. So, when you want to be like those smart and wise people just ask the people around you for advise. 