I belive that ths face is a natural landform. I belive this because, on May 24. 2001. on that day go back 25 years. NASA we went around the planet taking pictures. Then we spoted the face! We had to know more, it was two miles end to end. It was Viking 1 that took the first photo of this face, in 1976.

I know this is just a natural landform because, we took a close rlook at this face. We found out that, it was a huge rock formation. Which just seemed to look like a head. then the shadows that makes it seem like there are eyes, nose, and a mouth. Which are all caracterstics of human face. The public thought different though. They are the ones who made the mars face so popular. It appered in hollywood films. This face also made apperences in books, magazines, and radio talk shows. The public thought it was alien life on mars.

While the public and other scientists thought this face was bona fide evidence on mars. We as in NASA say its just a natural landform. But we do wish there was life on mars.

We still tried to get more and more photos of this face. In Sept. 1997, we thought it was important for tax payers to find out if this was just a natural cause, or life on mars. A couple years later on April 5, 1998. We got another picture of this face, this picture was ten times sharper the the first photo ever taken. Which this photo proved to everyone that. This face is a natural landform, and not an alien monument.

But apperently after taking all this time, not everyone was satsified. The people still belive that, it is alien monument. SInce mars is located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it wa sin winter in april 98. it was a cloudy time on mars. So we ended up doing more recearch on this face. It was April 8, 2001. We made contact with a spceshuttle in space. We aske them to take a picture of the face. Their resposnse was that they do not past the face very offten.

They ended up taking a picture of the face. They had some diffecalties getting the picure. But they took the picture. On that day it was a clear day. So no one can say that it can still be alien life. What the picture actully shows is that the martian equivalent of a buttle or a mesa. You can refur to those as like landforms in the mid west. People say it remids them of the Snake River Plain of Idaho.                                