Senator of the State of Florida,

The Electoral College has been a part of our country since is was established in the Constitution by our founding fathers. Although it has been used for so long and some what effectivley, I believe that the act of changing the process to election by popular vote would benefiet the country and the residents more. Many poeple do think that the Electoral College is more fair and is better because of its certain outcome and other good aspects. My belief about the Elecotral College differs. I believe it is unfair and outdated, and I am not alone on that opinion.

An argument against the Electoral college is the disaster factor, information from the passage

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong by Bradford Plumer. In 2000, the biggest election crisis took place in a century. In 1960, segregationists almost had success in replacing electors with people who would benefiet them. Along with that, some electors may not be truthful and defy those who they are electing for and elect the opposer. All these examples come with fault in the system.

Another example from the same article claims that the idea of a tie is the most unsettling. The election would be put into the hands of the House of Representatives. An argument for the Electoral College claims the chance of a tie is very unlikely, but it has come close before. In 1968 and in 1976, a small shift would've cost the election. On the other hand, it would be much more difficult to tie a popular vote, seeing that there are far more citizens than electors for the college.

There are claims that the Electoral College is both fair and unfair for different reasons. People claim that it is fair because no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president, when a popular vote might, from the article

In Defense of the the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President by Richard A. Posner. However, the process is unfair as well. In result of a winner-take-all system in the states, the presidental candidates don't spend time in states they know they don't have a chance in. This is unfair to voters because not all states get to see the candidates at all. Swing states have all the focus on them. These states are more likely to pay attention to campaigns. This is not fair because those running for the position will focus more on those states. With a popular vote, the candidates will want to contact each state to make sure those who reside there have paid attention to them and will hopefully vote for those people.

The process of the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and risky. There are so many opportuntities for disaster and a lot of unfairness all around. With people relying on the fact that the chances are slim or disaster is unlikely to happen is just not smart and there are things we can do about it. With a popular vote, a fair count is given and the president who more people choose will take office. Our country is a whole, and we treat the process of election like it isn't. Let the population decide and it's a fair trial; let a few electors decide and it could lead to disaster. Thank you.    