Phone & Driving

People are constantly using their phones for different things. There are many great uses for phones. We use them for work, to contact some, even to watch videos and school research. Phones are one thing we tend to keep in our hands. However this hasn't proven to be to the best choice. NHTSA say that at least 1000 people are injured because of phone usage while driving a vehicle. In this paper I will be talking about why I think we shouldn't use cellphones while driving.

It has been proven that cell phone usage leads to deaths. Motor vehicles crash daily and usually there are many fatalities as a result of cell phone usage. Most accidents are caused by teen drivers that just have to pick up their phone while driving. The main casualties are pedestrians. In the year of 2018 alone, around 400,000 people were injured or killed. It is sad that lives are destroyed by one senseless act such as picking up a phone while driving.

Drivers that are seen and caught risk very serious punishment. The average cellphone while driving violation cost about $300 per incident. This violation also comes with a minimum of four points towards your license. This can cost you in other ways as well such as higher insurance premiums. Once you receive fifteen points your license is revoked and you are now left with finding other means of transportation. If you are found guilty of hitting someone you can face one to twenty years in prison. One second of picking up a cellphone may lead to lifetime of misery.

Driving while using a cellphone may lead to a lifelong change with many effects.

Imagine for just one moment a teen has friends or even siblings in the car with them; suddenly the phone rings. The teen looks away from the road to answer or check the text message, hits a pothole, loses control of the vehicle and in now in oncoming traffic. The vehicle crashes killing some of the passenger if not all involved.

You now have several different families that have been united by a tragedy that shouldn't have been. Drivers in the oncoming traffic may be injured as well and now have a lifetime of bills or life changing injuries and scars to hunt them of the day that some teen made a conscious choice to pick up a cellphone and drive. One moment is all it ever takes to change a life.

As you can see from the research people are affected by distracted drivers. You risk serving jail time and giving up your freedom. You can lower the causalities by simple not operating your vehicle while on a cellphone. People would worry less and feel safer if they were assured that you are being responsible and choose not to text or talk while driving.

Works Cited

Google. com NHTSA.com DMV.com         