Have you ever thought about why you ask multiple people for advice? For instance,you wanted to know how to play volleyball but you don't know how so you go,and ask one of your family members that played the sport,and turns out your mom played. She tells you to be yourself and don't be scared,and then tryouts came and you did what she said but it did not work so now your upset,but then you go ask the coach yourself and she give you the best advice. She tell you what you need to work on and how to serve good then you take her advice, and it works you have an better chance to make it on the volleyball team. When people ask for advice,they sometimes go to more then one person because they have a better chance,or they feel like it's bad advice,and they feel like it won't work.

First,I said the main reason why people ask more then one person is to make sure they have a better chance at achieving their goals. I say this because people who ask for advice they need help achieving a goal that they had in mind, but they can't do it because they feel like the advice that you given them is not going to work. So they try another person who they think can make their goals happen. I also said this because I was in the same situation as other people I had to tryout for cheer leading. I never knew how to cheer so I went home and asked my mom and sister because they were cheerleaders before, and I thought that if they were cheerleaders before then they can remember some of the things to get me on the team. I listen to them closely so I wouldn't mess up,but as soon as I got on the court and did the cheer the teacher said that it was good, but it wasn't good enough to get on the team after that I went home and cried because I thought that I did good ,but then I had and idea to go and ask the coach for some help and she did. She helped me so good that I actually made the team I was really happy and ever since I thought twice about who to ask for help.

However,this leads me to my next reason of why people ask more then one person for advice. It's because they feel like the advice is bad. The reason I say that is because people who know good advice between bad advice know what path to take, but for people who listen to the wrong advice it can take them down the wrong road. I say this because people who listen to bad advice will get themselves in trouble with many people. For example let's say that you go ask a person for some advice how to make money. They give you the advice,but the advice sounds wrong in so many ways,but you still take your chances and do what the person said to do,and then you get in trouble. Because you listened to somebody who wanted you to do their dirty work,and who knew you were going to get in trouble by the police. Now your in jail, and they are asking you who told you to this, but you remembered that you were not supposed to tell anybody the name of the person because you agreed online. That you would keep the person who gave you advice anonymous, and you didnt want to break another rule so you sat in silence until you realized what you actually did. Then you started talking turns out that person has a criminal record and you were now apart of his trial.

Therefor,this leads me to my last reason of why people ask more than one person for advice. it's because they don't believe that it will work. I think the reason why people think the advice won't work is because someone already told you something, and it didn't end well ,or you just had things happen to you where you tried everything but nothing seems to work out. This can actually happen to anyone who is always second guessing their selves. For instance say that I ask you for a little advice for my project and you tell me to do a electric car project but then I tell you that I don't have the right things for the project, and then you stop helping me because I complaining,but it's not my fault I was just trying to tell you that I need the materials for this and when we made it I got an F because it looked to easy and this why people are afraid of asking people for advice.

In conclusion people should always seek more options because some people will listen to advice that tells you to bad things, and some people would listen to anything at all. and they should also seek more options because it can actually get you somewhere if you think that your not getting any progress and also not all advice is bad for you just because it might sound bad does not mean that it is some people really want to help people who needs it. and this is why when people ask for advice,they sometimes talk to more than one person.