A lot of students already complain about having to wake up early and catch the bus, most dont even wake up. So why not have students work from their home; it could increase the number of students who graduated,and decrease the number of dropouts. Its also important students get the sleep they need in order to be productive, students are also able to have the time they need to finish a lesson. Teachers sometimes will go over a lesson too fast and students aren't able to fully comprehend. Which causes a lot of stress which can lead to a breakdown and possibly fail that lessons test.

Online classes can definitely bypass all those problem, online classes can also help by having classes that some schools dont. Theres a lot of elective classes people would like to take but cant, because their school doesnt have that elective. Theres an option of transferring schools to take the class but students dont find it worth it having to change schools just for class. Also it may be difficult for them to find a transportation to that school because of the distance it is from their house.

Students also tend to rush things just because they dont want to the last one taking a test. There's also those students who like to take their time but cant because the teacher wants to go ahead with another lesson, this is were taking tests online at home could be really effective. Students would have all the time they need in order to finish the exam, theres no distraction, and you could listen to your own music without being a problem.

Another big problem is the lunch schedule, students usually dont eat lunch at 10 in the morning which makes them not want to eat and can also lead to them starving until school ends. It would be more comfortable being able to eat at the time you get hungry.

Another problem students face is the bathroom rule, students aren't able to use it after 3 students have gone out. This is a problem because theres a lot of students who use the bathroom just to get out of class and wonder around the hallways when theres actual people who really need to use the restroom. By having work at home you can go whenever without it being a problem. This is how being home schooled would benefit us students, everyone wants to graduate at a smooth pace.