We run our elections by a process called Electoral College. This process consists of tje selction of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. The Electoral College consists or 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoal votes is required to elect the President.

There also is another process which is the election by popular vote for the president of the United States. We could change to popular vote but why would we change how we run the election if this is how we have been doing it for years. Also there are many other reasons why we should keep the Electoral College. Such as certainty of outcome, everyone's president, swing states, Big states,and also avoid run-off elections.

A dispute over the outcome of an Electoal Collge vote is possible but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The reason is that the winning canidates share of the Electoal College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes, 538, is an even number, but it is highley unlikly. Also the Eletoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region has enough electoral votes to elect a priesident.

The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the politial balance that large states ( by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the constitution. The winner take all method of awarding electoal votes induces the canidates. Voters in toss up states are more likely to pay more attentionto the campaign to really listen to the competing canidates, knowing tjat they are going to decide the election. They are likely to be the most thoughtful voters.

It can be argued that the prsident may turn off potential voters for a canidate who has no hope of carrying their state. I believe that we should not change our electorial process to popular vote and i think we should stick with the process we have now ; Elecoral College. I listed my resonas why but the main reason is that everyone is so used to the Electoral College process because we have been doing it for years so to change it, it might confuse everyone and actual make the elections even more difficult and it might end up messing up our election and cause an unfair vote.             