Dear Principle,

I think that students should have the right to have at least a C average because some of them may be having troubles at home. This could also meant that your star spiker or running back or anything could be out of the game and you do not want that. It could affect the lives of many people and their children and that would not be good at all. If students were only allowed to have B averages then this means that they would have to study a lot more and this can lead to a lack in sports efforts and or result in the loss of not being able to play the game that they like.

If students are looking to get a football scholarship or even just a sports scholarship then yes they have to get good grades of course but what if they are always at practice and they never have time then to review for tests and or quizzes and the fail them then this means they cannot play. You should not take the player from the game because it is not fair. If Brett Farve, or even Eli Manning got bad grades then of course he could not play but this does not mean that he tried very hard to at least keep his grades up.

This may result in smarter students but this then may mean that the sports teams may be bad because they spend all of their time on school, and trying to get better grades. Also no principle wants to have or represent a school that has a bad athletic ability and or team. it is not fair to the students who may not just be smart enough to comprehend what the are learning. If they can at least keep a C average I think things would still be good, and they could still have decent grades and still play their favorite sports. Without sports students may fail even more miserably because they know that they cannot play because of their grades. B averages of course could also help them. It just depends on the player and their ability's to learn in the classroom and on the court or the field.

Without sports the school would have nothing fun to do for activities and it would just be boring for students and they may even hate the school even more than they do already, or they may switch to a school that has a C average and you could and may lose many students because of this new rule. Sports can play a big role in students lives because some of them may want to become professional. If they do become professional with all C averages then their grade does not really even matter anymore. All they are going to do is play that sport and their is no need for them to have to know anything besides what's going in the game and what to do in the game to be successful.

There is also no pint in changing the grade letter for passing from B to C. Almost all schools or a majority of them have it so you at least have to have a C to pass because not all kids are smart and or have a good comprehension or learning ability. Like I said before in the top few paragraphs. America is a place that needs to be equal everywhere and I think that the letter grade should stay where it is and it should be made a state law because it has been this way for awhile and lots of students and parents and guardians may think that this is not fair.

This is my view on the whole grades subject being changed. You do not want to break the heart of your students and it may affect you long term. If they come professional than they could be thankful for having all C averages and or better grades. You could be known around also it could fill your heart with happiness knowing that you helped a younger kid that is your student.

Sincerely,

The Editor