Online schooling and video conferencing have become more popular lately, so popular that many more schools offer it than before. Even colleges offer online classes. This type of schooling has both pros and cons but, I think that students would benefit from classes at home, more than it would hurt a students academic career. The benefits of students would be not having to miss as many lessons because they are sick, no one around them so they have less distraction from other people, and it is not as stressful because the students can work at their own pace.

Students becoming sick throughout the year is very common, but if they took online classes or had video conferences the days of sick students missing a lesson would decrease. For example, a student caught mono, which is very contagious at first, had to stay home for almost a month. As a result, he missed a lot of classes with important lessons and it became very hard for him to try and catch up again. If he was offered online school or video conferencing he would not have been as far behind from his classmates. Trying to catch up with all the school work out missed can put more stress on the student which can cause them to become sick again and miss even more school. Students who are healthier leads to being happier which can lead to better academics because the students want to try their best instead of wanting to give up. Which is why more schools should offer online classes or video conferencing.

The classroom is full of distractions, especially from your friends and classmates. For example, many students talk throughout every class and do not talk about anything relative to what they are learning. Which causes the students around them to start talking and get off topic. When one student stop focusing everyone stops focusing, causing no one to retain any of the information given. Having online school or video conferencing could help because the students would not just follow what their peers do, they would have to follow what they know they should do. It also could benefit students because since they do not have friends to talk to they can finally stayed focus on the work. Short breaks are good but when students are around their friends it gets out of hand and many students take breaks for almost the whole class period.

The last reason why it would benefit students is because it is not as stressful. For example, students stress out because they were given so many assignments all from different classes at one time with less than a week for all the due dates. With online or video conferencing students have more time to finish the assignments and can do the work the pace they set. As a result, students become less stressed and more relaxed with the same amount of work as other students. Students who can work at their own pace are healthier and happier than people who have little time to finish an assignment, because they know the assignment will be done but they do not have to worry or stress about it all the time. The less stress students have the better they are able to think and preform academically because they are able to focus on one thing and not worry about ten other things for different classes.

Online school and video conferencing could hep students who become sick and have to miss multiple days of school, there is also less distraction from other people, and students can work slower if they need more time for the work. Ultimately, students enrolled in online school or video conferencing could benefit the students in multiple ways. 