Fake Face

In 1976, in the mission control room, the scientists founded something eerie on Mars, there was a human face on it! Many scientists said that it was just a Martian mesa, but many people still stuck to their primal thoughts instead of the scientists' well-educated minds. Scientists stated that the face was just founded out that it's just a mesa. Also, Earth have a similar structure as the "Face". And finally, if scientists discovered extraterrestrial life on Mars, what will prevent them from talking about the upcoming major event in scientific history. Many conspiracy theorists may state that this "Face" is a clear evidence that there are life on Mars. But how could there be life on Mars just judging that there is a landform that looks like a face? Therefore, this states that Mars don't hold life.

In Mars, there are many landmarks, canyon, mountains, and, of course, mesa. Life on Mars would be impossible due to harsh weather going down below freezing, and absence of liquid form of water. Then how could a creature make a monument that is two miles long without getting burned, frozen, or starve? With these harsh environment we can conclude that nothing can create this except that it got created naturally. With these reasons, we can conclude that this "Face" cannot get created by extraterrestrial lives.

Furthermore, Earth also have similar landforms as Mars. In the Western America, there are hundreds of butte or mesa. Mesa is a structrue that consists of elevated area with a flat top. Scientists say that the "Face" is just a mesa. In fact, a lava dome mesa that have similar quality with the "Face" that is located on Mars. Also, human brain is linked to analyzing faces. When you go to a sightseeing area, you may see some rocks that are shaped interesting, or during your way to work, you may see many non-human objects that looks like a face. So how could a structure that is present on Earth be a proof that life exists on Mars? In conclusion, Mars cannot hold life that many peoples believe.

And finally, scientist would not keep a vital discovery as a secret. Many space-related articles state that discovering life outside of Earth would be recorded as a major event in history. And if a scientist discover an alien, then he or she would be rewarded tremendously. Will anybody tries to prevent this "once in a lifetime opportunity" probably not. Also, scientists would be delighted for an advance in technology, they would not leave the aliens alone, they would attempt a communication to the aliens and try to learn many things about their life. Consequently, this shows that aliens don't exist in Mars.

Some may say that the "Face" is a clear example to show the life on Mars, and that these creatures created this landform as a sign or as an art. However, with art or sign, they would live near the structure, but there are no sign of a life around the area. Also, it is not reasonable to believe what the conspiracy theorists are stating. They do not have clear evidence, they are just following their primal thoughts like a primitive life. Clearly, it is not wise to believe the conspiracy theorists over the scientists in NASA.

All in all, this proves that life cannot survive on Mars. The "Face" is proven to be a mesa that is common on Mars. Also, there are similar landforms in Earth called as the lava dome mesa that have very similar properties with the "Face. And finally, scientists would not attempt to keep this amazing discovery as a secret on their own but share with the world instead. It is unwise to trust yourself and not the others to make you well informed and educated. Should we spend our time, money, and our thoughts on the devious, sycophantic conspiracy theorists who don't know what they're saying?