Phones and Driving

Car accidents seem to have been increasing due to the uproar of phones. More people have become distracted whether it's texting or driving, you're on a phone call, or just being on social media while driving, and with all these action being done while driving it's causing a lot of deaths in car accidents. According to the National Safety Council 1.2 million car crashes in 2013 involved drivers being on the phone, with 314,000 of those incidents involved text messages. Using the phone while driving is reckless and needs to come to an absolute stop.

As more and more people gain more access to a phone texting and driving (or using the phone regardless) has almost become normal. Young drivers are the most at risk because using the the phone while driving distracts the brains and eyes from driving. Since technology will further blossom in the near future, the best way for teens to learn and prevent car crashes is advice from parents. Parents should talk to their young teen drivers about the safety of driving so they can prevent a car accident of worst. Parents should also avoid calling and texting their child while driving to insure the safety of their teen.

It's not just teen drivers at risk when they're using their phone while driving, adults are at a high risk too. In fact adults are put at a higher risk because studies have shown adults are more likely to use their phone and drive due to them thinking that since they have more experience behind the wheel. Adults are equally responsible behind the wheel just as much as a teen is when it comes to using a phone. In 2012 over 3000 people died in car accidents with someone in either car being a distracted driver. If anything adult drivers should be held more to a higher standard simply because they are older and have to lead by example for up and coming drivers who learn how to drive by watching whatever adult drives them around. Let only it may be more dangerous to an adult driver because 9 times out of 10 they are driving with a passenger or even worse a someone's child or a child of their own. When driving adults should be more careful while being on the phone and driving because they never know who's watching them.

Distracted drivers in this current day in age need to be a lot more careful. Because every day more and more people are now getting on the road and becoming a distracted driver and not being aware of what's going on, on the road around them. All distracted driving needs to come to a halt so everyone can one day and not having to worry about if their teen drivers is going to make it home okay or if they would make it home today.       