In every presidential election, thousands of americans vote for their most favorite candidate, however, most voters feel that their votes don't count because a process called the Electoral College are the ones who are voting. I have heard that since people have been rioting in protest for a change, you the state senator will ask the government to abolish the Electoral College. Unfortunately, we can't let that happen, the Electoral College is very important to presidential elections because provide the certainty of outcome, allows the presidential candidate to have transregional appeal, focus their campaign efforts on the toss-up states,and avoid run-off elections. Without the Electoral College, the elections would be a mess.

First, the Electoral College is important because they give the certainty of outcome. For example, the Electoral votes of a winning candidate exceeds the popular votes he gets. While both votes have disputes on the outcome, the Electoral votes very rarely get disputed. For example in 2000 Al Gore had the most popular votes but lost because Bush had more Electoral votes. If there was no Electoral College, the winners of many campaigns would be their opponents.

Next, the Electoral College is important because it requires the presidential candidates to have transregional appeal. For example if a president decided to only do his campaign in one region, there wouldn't be enough electoral votes to give him the win. This means that the candidates have to spread their campaigns throughout the country not only for enough Electoral votes but to have the people in the other regions feel that the president will have regard of their interests.

Next, the Electoral College is important because Allows the candidates to focus their efforts on the toss-up states. For example, in toss-up states, the voters are more likely to pay attention to the campaign. Because of this, the voters will pick the most respectable of the candidates. Since the Electoral College allows this, people in toss-up states will listen to the candidates, review the information about each one and decide on which one to vote for. If it weren't for the Electoral College, the candidates would be clueless on which states would rank up the popular vote.

Finally, the Electoral College is important because it avoids run-off elections. For example the Electoral College avoids the problem of all candidates not getting a majority of the votes. If there is a run-off election, it would complicate the entire process, but since there is an Electoral College, they provide a clear winner.

If there was only popular votes, the change of run-off elections would go up causing problems in the election.

Many people in this country also believe that the Electoral College is important, however many others do not. I am a person that believes that the Electoral College is needed because of certainty of outcome, requiring the candidates to have transregional appeal, focus their campaign efforts on the toss-up states, and avoiding run-off elections. I write this letter to you, the state senator to not give up hope on the Electoral College. Without it, elections in our country just wouldn't be right for everyone.                            