Extracurricular Activities

It's is a great way to spend your time. From my background knowledge, I know that extracurricular activities are a wonderful experience and everyone should do at least one. Students can be more active, students can make or spend time with friends, and students can find out what hobbies they like to participate in, are all reasons that students should participate in extracurricular activities.

The first reason that students should participate in extracurricular activities is because students can be more active. Sitting around and doing nothing is bad for your body and health. If you get your body moving then you can do a lot more in your life than what you are probably doing right now. Students can also spend time away from their electronics when they're doing extracurricular activities.

The second reason that students should participate in extracurricular activities is because students can make or spend time with friends. When you come to school you may want to make new friends and extracurricular activities are a great way to do that. If you are interested in an activity you can make friends with people that are also interested in that activity. Spending time with friends in an activity that you may not like is terrible, but spending time with friends and doing something that you like doing is wonderful.

The third and last reason that students should participate in extracurricular activities is because students can find out what hobbies they like to participate in. Students will be less likely to be bored if they know what their hobbies are. Students can participate in other activities that he/she may like when they find out what their hobbies are. If you find out what your hobby is, you're more likely to find out what job you would like to pursue.

In conclusion, the three reasons that I believe that all students should participate in extracurricular activities are students can be more active, students can make or spend time with friends, and students can find out what hobbies they like to participate in. Students will be more healthy, make friends that like the same thing you like, and everyone most likely would love to know what they love to do. So, do you now believe that all students should take extracurricular classes?