I beleive that driverless cars would be bad idea. In the article "Driverless Cars are Coming", the article would talk about "sensing the world", "driving or assisting" and "waiting on the law". The driverles cars would still need the driver, they would have to fix roads, and make new laws. The dreiverless cars are pointless, there is no need for them.

The driverless cars would be bad because they would still need the driver to take over the car."They can steer, accerlate, and brake themselves,but are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills"(paragraph 7),

The car can't make turns itslef. The still has to take contol when asituation arrives, so its pointless to even have a driverless car."The human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires".(Paragraph 7)

The driverless cars would be a bad idea becaue the roads would all have to be fixed. In order to create the cars you have to have the infrastrucure redone which would cause a lot of money. Money that we don't have the resources to do. "These smart-raods sytems worked surprisinly well, but they required masssive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical."(paragraph 3)

The driverless cars are bad beacuse lawmakers would have to change laws consorning who would get the blame for an accident, the individual or the manuftor. "New laws will be needed in order to cover liabilitt in the case of an accident. If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?"(Paragraph 9) The cars would to mauch of hassle to evr have. That could lead to, too many law suits and fines.

Driverless cars are bad. They would ruin the infrasture of the roads. They would be lawsuits conserning who would get the balme for accidents. It would n't be a true driverless car, it would just be a smart car, that needsd the driver wfor the most serious of isssues. The article,"Driverless Cars Are Coming", was basically saying that it is pointless to have driverless cars it is just a hassle, and annoyance to have them. We don't need them. They would cause to much money, and time for their use. 