"Ugh, I don't want to join any sports or clubs!" Generic_Name complained. "You know, this could be good," Generic_Name said. "I just don't see how participating in a extracurricular activity should be required," Generic_Name replied. "Those sports or clubs will definitely be way more fun if you have a good attitude!" Generic_Name exclaimed. "Ugh, I hate how you're always right," Generic_Name laughed. "I'm always right, so let's go grab a sheet off the desk!" Generic_Name exclaimed. Generic_Name and Generic_Name both chose to try out for the volleyball team. "Generic_Name, I have a feeling like trying out for volleyball will turn out really great for us in the future," Generic_Name said finally. "Generic_Name," Generic_Name said beaming, "I think so too." Generic_Name and Generic_Name would've never believed what would be waiting for them ahead in life. Many people join clubs or teams because they either want to discover something new they can enjoy, or because they love that club and the benefits. Students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they could find a new hobby, they would become more involved with what's happening at their school, and it can be very beneficial for their future.

Students should be involved in at least one extracurricular activity because they could find a new hobby. Having at least one hobby you enjoy proves it can make you happier and active. For example, Generic_Name discovered that joining the Robotics Club at his school is something that makes his day thriving. If he never found out about the Robotics Team, Generic_Name would've just been at home, spending his time playing video games. Another example is when I joined a coding class at the library that I go to on Thursdays. I enjoy it, so joining clubs and sports at school can make school a place where you look forward to going to. To conclude, participating in extracurricular activities can result in students finding a new hobby which they can enjoy greatly at school.

Students should participate at a minimum of one extracurricular activity because they would become more involved with their school. Being involved with what's occurring at the school is important because someone should know more about what's going on there. For instance, Generic_Name found out there is a dance coming soon that people need to plan, so she decided to be on the committee. Another example is Generic_Name, a student who chose to be on the Yearbook Committee, is now more interested on what's happening in the school because she has to take photos to enter into the yearbook. To summarize, students should participate in at least one school extracurricular activity because they would most likely become more informed and interested about what's happening at the school.

Students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity because joining them can have many benefits for their future. If a student joined the school basketball team and liked it, they could keep playing basketball until college and by that time they're really good. Before you know it, offers from a lot of colleges would be basically showing up at their doorstep, wanting that student to play for them. For example, many athletes started from playing on his or her school team and worked their way up to play for the most official team. Another example is when Generic_Name was one of the best players on her school soccer team, so now she uses her skill set to try out for one of the most skilled soccer team later on in life. In conclusion, students joining extracurricular activities that the school offers can help them be successful later in life.

Now imagine Generic_Name and Generic_Name are in their senior year of high school. "Generic_Name, we both got so many volleyball team offers from a lot of colleges!" Generic_Name yelled excitingly. "I know, and I really want us both to play on the same volleyball team," Generic_Name replied. "I can't believe we are the best volleyball players in the school, and this all started in middle school," Generic_Name finally said. "I know, you were so mad that we had to pick and extracurricular activity." Generic_Name said, laughing. "I know," Generic_Name said smiling,"but now, lets choose the best college to attend!" Imagine if Generic_Name was still mad that everyone had to participate in an extracurricular activity. The two best friends would not be sitting down together viewing then choosing their college volleyball team offers. Now, they are the best volleyball players at their school. Students should engage in at least one extracurricular activity because they could find a new hobby, they would be more involved about what's happening at their school, and it can have many benefits for their future.        