Facial expressions and emotions drive the actions of people everyday. These emotions are sometime hidden, fake or very transparent. I believe that using this Facial Action Coding System in class rooms, will be quite valuable to the learning enviroment and education of idividuals. It will increase learning efficiancy, focus in the class room, and productivity of the students.

The Facial Action Coding System essentially scans your face for emotion and makes decisions based on the results. This would be very valuable in a classroom especially those of younger students and gradeschool. During school students can be unmotivated to learn, bored or confused in the classroom. These problems can waste time and cause students to not fully understand and learn the topic.

If this system can produce the outcome predicted this will lessen the amount of time, and help students to understand the topic more and at a quicker rate. By moving at the students speed and manipulating the lessen at points where the student is confused can be more efficient than the classrooms now. This system will eliminate the wasted time, bordem and provide solutions for those confused.

As well as increasing the efficiency, this sytstem can also benefit the classroom enviroment. When students become bored or unmotivated, they can become a distraction in the classroom. Teachers then have to take time to meet the need the student has. This disruption in the class can catch the attention of other students and cause them to stop working and or act as the other student is. Distractions like these cause learning to be hindered and if eliminated it can better the learning enviroment for teachers and students. This system, can keep students active and motivated to learn, providing less of a chance to be a distraction.

Furthermore, if distraction, bordem and unmotivation is eliminated or improved in the classroom enviroment, this can increase productivity. Students when bored or unmotivated essentially stop working, and students who are confused work at a slower pace. These problems cause the work that needs to be done, not completed or completed slower than neccessary. This system can keep the attention of students and create a path that the student learns at their own rate, thus completing the work that needs to be done ontime or quicker. This can benefit the classroom because teachers do not need to review topics that some students might have understood but others have not.

In conclusion this system is the most efficient, productive and helpful tool that a class room could be aquipped with. It eliminates bordem and unmotivation, causes more efficient learning and allows productivity in the classroom to increase. All teachers should implement this tool in their classroom if presented the opportunity. 