Have u ever thought about going to space to explore one of our planets? specifally Venus? well Venus has alot of challenges and dangers to get there but i promise it is worth it. In a text called " The Challenge of Exploring Venus" talks about how Venus has many dangers if trying to take a trip into space down there but it worth the challenge. The author uses many details and facts to state how studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it present. Despite the dangers that can come along with studying Venus, Venus is alot like earth so it will be interesting go and study a planet like ours, venus is the nearest planetary visit, and lastly, NASA is studying ways so we wont have to worry about the amount of pressure and heat.

The planet Venus is built just like the earth and has about the same features as the earth. Venus is called our sister planet because " ... it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system.. Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth". This states how Venus is just like the earth itself and has features just like the earth so it makes Venus even more interesting to study because its our "sister planet". By the information stated above, it proves that Venus is worth the challenge and should be continued to be researched to make it more interesting to visit.

Venus is the only planet out of all the planets that is the closest to us ( Earth). Venus has many features that comes along with it and also " ... can sometimes be our nearest option for planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. The value of returning seems indisputable..." . This quote clearly states how Venus is the nearest option for planetary visits which means its the closest to us compared to others. Also it will not take as long to visit Venus compared to any other space travel. The author directly uses the astronomers as an example to show how Venus is worth the risk.

Lastly,

NASA is finding possible solutions to make the visit more compelling. One of the possible solutions to the dangerous conditions is " .. allow scientists to float above the fray...just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many sotrms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up out of their way". This quote shows how NASA as a team is trying to find possible solutions so astronomers and humans could go around Venus with no issue. They are trying to find ways where it wont kill humans but something that humans can bare. They are also trying to find a electronic where " some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditons". This also shows how NASA is trying other approaches to limit the amount of pressure and heat for when astronomers/ other humans tries to visit spaces. They are trying to make electronics that can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces present in Venus.

In conclusion, the author has provided many examples and details to prove to us that Venus is worth studying despite the the dangers that our present around the planent. As stated earlier, Venus is built just like how the earth is and it would be interesting to go to a planent that has the same features as ours. Second how Venus is the most conveient option for us because it is the closest to earth compared to any other planent and lastly how NASA is coming up with ways so it can be studied easier and easier for humans to explore the planent without worrying about the conditons. Overall, Venus is worth studying and the author has clearly stated the facts on why it is still worth the risk.     