According to the article, "Driverless Cars Are Coming," in the near future there will be cars that don't need to be driven by people, but will be engineered to drive themselves. Evidence from the article shows, there are both positives and negatives to these cars being released and used by the public people. My opinion is that the development of these cars should stop, and that they will overall have a negative impact on the public and cause much more trouble than they are worth.

The first major concern of mine is the legalality of these cars. The article states that computer-driven cars are illegal to test in most states, so a person definitely couldn't ride in one in public. Only the states of California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia, are allowed even limited use of semi-autonomous cars.

In order for these cars to even be released to the public, many states would have to change their laws and it would take a long period of time just to do that. There is also cameras placed in some of the driverless cars, and to me, that is complete invasion of privacy. I believe a person should be able to do whatever they want in their own car without having to worry about being watched.

Another down-side to computer-driven cars is liability issues if a car were to get into an accident. Would the driver be the one to blame, or would it be the manufacturer of the car? There is no man-made object that is fool-proof, so why would computer-driven cars be any different? These are only some of the questions that people will face if companies do release driverless cars to the public.

I am a firm believer than machines operated by people work much more efficiently than machines that operate themselves. I believe that cars are something that are meant to be driven by people, and if they try to operate themselves, many accidents and machine malfunctions will occur. There is already many malfunctions that occur in modern cars as it is. Also driving is meant to be an awesome experience for people new to driving, and if driver-less cars are developed future generations will be robbed of their chance to experience what driving is really like.

My opinion is that the development of these cars should stop for multiple reasons, and that they will overall have a negative impact on the public and cause much more trouble than they are worth. The development of these cars should stop, because a great amount of money and time is being put into something that I believe will negatively impact the public. The issues stated above are only some of the issues that people will have to face if driverless cars are released to the public, think of how many more issues could possibly arise from computer-driven cars being released to the public.