With the advancement in technology in our society the need for cars has become are very big necessity. But recently in Freiburg, Germany they do they have stopped the use of cars and many don't even own them. A woman by the name heidrun Walter said "I'm much happier this way, I used to be a lot more tense when i had a car". Currently, not having cars have helped the community be a better place, many ride bicycles places and you can hear the sound of children playing in the streets "drowning out the sound of distant motors." More recently however planners for this organization are trying to make their way towards the suburbs. The reason they are working to make a car free nation is because recently Passenger cars are the reason for 12% of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and it even goes up to 50% in some car-intensive areas in the U.S!

The U.S Environmental Protection Agency promotes "car reduced" communities, even legislators are starting to act. With the decrease of cars it would bring many benefits, You would have less deaths from drunk driving or driving in general, It would be safer for your children to play in the streets, pollution would go down to a low, the chances of rode rage would go to a very low, and no cars would also mean many stores would be built closer to homes so its in walking distance. Also we would most likely have more public transport so the need for cars wouldn't be needed.

Another place that is working their way into being car free is BOGOTA, Colombia; Recently they had a specific day where millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work because it was a car free day. Violators faced $25 fines if they went against it. Even with rain people have still participated, people know that they are making the community a better place one car less at a time. It has also been a good opportunity to lower stress and air pollution in our environment. For the first time two other Colombian cities, Cali and Valledupar also joined the event. Even Municipal authorities from other countries came with enthusiasm to see this event. One of them by the name Enrique Riera stated "These people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders." This campaign had started in the mid-1990s and has since cause the construction of 118 bike paths according to the city mayor. Also parks and sports centers have become a bigger thing and have been built all throughout the city. uneven sidewalks have been replaced with fresh neat side walks, rush hours restrictions have cut traffic, and new shopping and restaurants of started to show.

Recently in Paris After days of near record pollution, Paris had to ban all driving because the smog was just way too bad. It was so bad that they would fine you $31 if you got caught leaving the house with a car. Almost 4,000 drivers were fined and Twenty-seven had their cars impounded for their reaction. Cold nights and warm days are the main cause of the car trap emmisions. Diesel fuel was also blamed since France has a tax policy that put diesel over gasoline. Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in france, Compared to a 53.3 percent average of diesel engines in the rest of West Europe.              