A normal school day fifty years ago would consist of students grabbing their books and heading to school. Now it consists of students grabbing their laptops and sitting down in their living rooms. Schooling has changed immensely due to the modern day technological advancements and the advantage schools have with technology, allowing them to offer online school from home, distance learning. Distance learning is a valid and beneficial way for students to learn, as it allows more students an access to an education, and an education that best fits their needs.

There are children all around the world who do not have access to education. Education may be too expensive, schools may be too far, or there may not even be schools available. With access to an online schooling program more students will be able to get the education that they need. Along with students that do not have access to education, are students who cannot attend school. Many students suffer a widespread of health problems, emotional or physical. If students cannot attend school they often become very behind, resulting in students getting low grades, not understanding the material, and even having to repeat a grade. With distance learning students will not fall behind because they will have access to education anywhere. These students will also be in a learning environment that is beneficial for them. When students tour universities they may want to attend in their future, they do not just focus on the educational level of the school, but also the environment of the school, and if it fits them. Students who are in elementary through high school should also have this opportunity as well because not all students can sit a desk in school everyday. With an online distance learning program more students can have access to education, and an education in an environment that suits them best, making them more comfortable and making their learning process more effective.

It is important that people pick a career path that is interesting and sutiable for them. Many adults learn overtime that their career is not for them, so they choose to go back to school to get a degree in a new field of study. Most universities today are filled with young adults just out of high school, and unfortunately, many adults who choose to go back to university feel overwhelmed with the large age gap they face with the majority of the campus. Adults also have a life outside of their career, many with families that rely on them, and the money they make to support them. With this age gap in universities, and a life outside of their occupation, many adults choose not to go back to school, and are forced to stay with a career they do not enjoy. With online learning programs, adults can enroll in a university and earn the degree they hope to achieve without feeling pressure on a college campus. Adults can still focus on their lives outside of school as online programs allow them to work anywhere. Online programs also offer a more affordable option than regular university. With online distance learning programs anyone can choose to change their career path without disrupting their everyday lives.

Although online schooling programs ultimately offer students an education that fits them, there are some downsides that come with distance learning programs. Distance learning programs rely on the use of technology. Students in these programs have all of their school work online. Some students may not have access to technology. Technology is not just buying a laptop or computer to work on school work, but students will also need access to the internet and the programs their distance learning program chooses. This largely impacts students who cannot afford school, or do not have access to school because many of these students live in developing countries where technology is unaffordable or not accessable. Another problem students face when learning through technology is the gap between them and the classroom. When learning independently, students have the possibility of misunderstanding the information. Students may become confused as they are not in a classroom setting where they can simply raise their hand and ask for help.

Online distance learning programs do not solve all problems regarding education, but they are overall more beneficial for students than not. Technology can be expensive, but there are a wide variety of technological options students can choose from to fit their financial needs. There are also free alternatives such as using wifi and computers from a public library. There is a gap when it comes to technology, however many distance learning programs have classroom like resources students can use, such as video conferencing where students are not watching a prerecorded video, but are in real time with their teacher. Students can ask questions, and teachers can monitor the students' progress. Distance learning programs offer more students access to education, and gives students a personalized learning experience that fits their needs and lifestyle, changing these students for the better. 