Everyone needs advice at one point in there life. Why do some people seek more than one Individual for advice? This is very common with everyone, but many people don't know how to simply ask for advice or don't know who to ask. Depending on what you need advice for it might be better to ask a trusted adult or a close friend. Asking multiple people is often better because an Individual can hear from more than one person and get the right advice that person seeks. There are several reason for asking multiple people and it depends on a lot.

Some of the most common reasons for people asking multiple Individuals can vary. For example: A women is pregnant and asks other moms for advice for taking care of a baby. In that circumstance the women would probably be having her first child, so asking multiple moms and even dads could really help her to be a better mom and know how to take care of the baby. Over all the soon to be mom could e quire more knowledge on being a good parent, so that she might be more relaxed if she were too have more children. That being said, the mom could share what she knows one day with other soon to be parents.

3. People often seek more than one person when it comes to getting advice. Reason for this can be because a person seeking advice might think asking multiple people is wiser because they can hear more than one voice meaning one person might give them some advice and the other gives advice much different advice. Chosen which advice to use can be tough for someone who does not know well, that's why asking multiple people can really benefit the person that seeks advice. It is crucial for an Individual to get the right advice when they seek it. Sometimes 3 people is not enough. Often times a person who seeks advice will ask 10+ people. It's pretty effective to asks 10 or more people because the person who seeks advice will hear from so many people who have experienced things of the sort and know how to deal with it/ what to do.

4. The best way to decide something or to feel more comfortable before you experience it for the first time is asking for advice. Asking for advice of course can be difficult and often a person who seeks advice does not know who to ask. Asking multiple Individuals who have experienced similar things or have knowledge on the topic would be wise. It would help a ton to talk to multiple people who possibly know more than you on the topic. Over all asking multiple people can lead you to making the correct choice and possibly even to your success. That being said, asking multiple people for advice is usually the best way top absorb needed Information and making choices.