There is a new age coming,and with that means change. Most people dont like change but ths change is a good one. Its useing your car less and use other means of transportsion around your city or town. This leads to less smog around a major city and a safer inviorment for children.

To begin , changing  how we travel around the citys and towns of are country's is esental in this time of age. The world is changing how we think and do thing is changing. We are loseing some of are ignorence. The world we live on is running out of oil and that means no more gas powerd cars. To conserve the resorces we have we need to start takeing the bus to work or school. Or Rideing a skateboard to the shop down the street instead of wasting presious resourses that is going to dissaper in 20 to 30 years. And not useing your car is a go thing ,that means less stress on you mind a body. imagin not having to worry about a car payment and having that extra money tohave fun with you'r kids. Useing your car less also means less smog and cleanier air around. For exsample, in Pairs there was alot of smog so they put a ban on cars for two days and it cleared up the city. Now if started doing this more we would help are invierment so much.

Secound off, Not useing your car as much also creates a much safer enviorment for kids. And they can live a more helthy life. And thats what we want, we want to protect are kids a give them a child hood they can look back on. This means you can let your kid outside and not worring about a drunk driver comeing down the street and hitting your kid and killing them. We want the best futer for are grandchilderns children, and know we set them up for good. We need to start designing are towns and city's like Vauban ,Germany. It will make a better and cleaner world for us.

In conclution, we need to put down the car keys and pick up the bike , or hop on the bus. Because Time is running out. And we dont want it to be to late to change. This is the only thig we got . So lets do it right the firts time and not screw it up.    