Some schools are given summer project to assure students continue learning throughout the summer. Since, the summer project is completed over the summer I believe it should be student-designed. First reason being is cause students should be able to make the project as they please as this embraces their imagination as to how they would like it to be and not just lock up any possible ideas they might have. Another being, it'll let the student complete the project to the best of their ability. Lastly, teacher-designed projects can get a bit stressful and overwhelming. Summer projects can benefit the students more if they're student-designed.

Student-designed projects allow the student to create the project freely with no restraints. For example, several weeks ago my forensics teacher gave her classes a project based on serial killers. The project was all up to the student except for the fact that it had to be a cereal box. It was fairly easy, we just had to pick a serial killer that we were interested in and also write fun and interesting facts about said serial killer. Very little were bad or plain, meanwhile, others were fun and entertaining with games, crosswords, toys, and other activities! I believe since we were able to do it on our own it enabled the class to receive higher scores on the project; therefore, we should be given student-designed projects.

Teacher-designed projects can get a bit excessive at times with a lot of work which eventually lead to stressful and overwhelming situations. For example, before this school year started several friends of mine were gonna take AP US History, which they had received a summer project for the class. Their was summer was okay until about a week before school started. That's when they realized they should've started weeks ago as the project was a packet with several pages of questions. Frantically and desperately they began their summer assignment, and well they may have lost some sleep due to staying up late but they ended up finishing. Although, my best friend had it the worse since she began her day with morning conditioning, followed by her going to work, and lastly afternoon practice and the stress from the summer project did't help. AP teacher-designed projects are lengthy and extra, which is why one should prefer student-designed projects.

In conclusion student-designed projects allow a student to be free with their own creativity and knowledge which allows them to work to the best of their ability. Also they don't produce as much stress as the teacher-designed projects. Lastly from other people one learns some teacher-designed projects can induce more stress into ones life which leads to other negative effects. Which is why teachers should make student-designed projects to let their students creativity roam free. 