Transpotation has been a key part of many socities around the world today; from getting to and from jobs, visiting familes, and running common everyday errands that life brings. But, in some areas, they are opting to go car-free, and in many ways, it is making positive impacts within these evolving areas. From lowering emissions and greenhouse gases, to providing a more stress-free way of living, opting out on cars can make huge positve effects that everyone should look into.

Cars, especially in the United States and other leading nations, have many suburban ideals that bring them to have one of "the world's prime car cultures". The U.S, for example, is the birthplace of the Model T, one of the first cars that was ever made. However, over the last decade, America's love for cars has gone down slightly, and is headed lower each year. Looking into the future, this shift could have great affects on today's socities; which includes letting off fewer carbon emissons into the enviornment. This decrease would happen because transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions into the atmosphere, just behind Power Plants. Passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gases in  Lowering the amount of car emissions will additionally help achieve President Obama's goals of helping the enviornment and doing something good towards it during his time as President.

In addition, France is a prime example of how lowering the amount of cars on streets will have positive outcomes on the enviornment. Because of excessive amounts of smog in air in Paris, they came up with a clever system to reduce the amounts. An alternate day schedule is what was put in place, allowing motorists with even numbered license plates to drive one day, and odd-numbered drivers the next. Failure to leave their cars at home on the days that don't apply to them resulted in a 22-euro fine, which didn't stop some drivers. But, despite their reactions, the idea had many postive impacts and cleared the air of smog. Countries all around the world have seen the impressive facts come to life that reducing driving can lower the amount of emissions we put into the enviornment.

Limiting the amount of cars on the road also has other advantages other than the postive impacts it can make on the enviornment. Germany, for example, is experimenting by forbidding street drving, driveways, and home garages near the french and swiss borders (Vauban). As a result, 70% of Vauban's families do not even own cars and 57% sold a car to move there. One resident says "When I had a car I always always tense. I'm much happier this way". This idea shows how being car-free can lower stress levels               