Facial Action Coding Sytems: Good or Bad?

People have bad days at school, whether it is from a home sitaution or just a bad grade. Being upset in school can affect your ability to preform well. This is why it is important for schools to have a Facial Action Coding System.

One reason why there should be Facial Action Coding Systems in schools is because it would help recongnize when the students emotion is low, faster so it would not affect their grade. For example, in the passage it says, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...then it could modify the lesson." This proves that if the student can become more engaged then they will do better in school.

Another reason why there should be Facial Action Coding Sytems in schools is because it can give more insight into the student's home life. For example, if the student is having family problems you would be able to read it on their face with the coding system more quickly than through a human's eyes. Being sad could affect a student's scores and plummet their grade.

Finally, it would be smart and affective to have a Facial Action Coding System in the schools becuase it involves intense algorithims that kids could try and solve and maybe build one themselves. The system would promote science, technology, engineerng and math, which is very important. In the passage it talks about the types of algorithims Dr. Huang uses, "His new computer software stores similar anatomical inforamtion as electronic code." The coding Dr. Huang uses can be taught to students in order to further techonlogy in the world.

However, having a Facial Action Coding System could be a bad idea because it would not give student's the kind of action and discpline they would have with a human teacher. It is important for student's to build a bond with a teacher and to be able to open up to them. In the case with a Facial Action Coding System in the classroom the student's would not be able to have that bond.

In conclusion, it would be very benificial for Facial Action Coding Systems to be put in schools. They could help improve grades and give a better insight into problems a student may possibly be going through. It is very important to be able to read a student's emotion to help them academically. Everybody should push for Facial Action Coding Sytems to be installed in schools.