Overly usage of cars not only has drastically harmed the environment but humans as well. This is why many countries have now leaned towards limiting the usage of cars. It might seem absurd especially if you heavily depend on your car to get to places, but the truth is cars harm. They're killing our world and therefore they're killing us.

Cars release carbon monoxide into the atmosphere. If humans or any other living beings are heavily exposed to such gas they will die. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse emission in Europe...50% in the U.S"(source1,p.5). Everytime we turn on our car engines we are harming ourselves. For small countries with little abundance of cars this might not be alarming at all. For huge economic countries such as the United States and France, car abundance is a serious deal. "Congestion was down 60% in the capital of France"(source2,p.14). The more abundant cars are the faster we are deteriorating ourselves. Cars cause broken acidents, broken highways, and heavy traffic, which leads to...acidents. Either way cars cause death so we might as well not have them at all. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Getting on a car is dangerous from whichever way you look at it. There's either angry drivers, drunk drivers, crazy drivers, and you're emitting monoxide gas. A world without cars is like our own little "world peace".

No cars would mean more space, simple as that. "Parks and sports centers would bloom"(source3,p.28). People would have more places to visit and spend time with family and friends. "Restaurants and shopping districts have cropped"(source3, p. 28). We woulld have safer and prettier landscapes. A healthy yet fun world."Pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety"(source4, p.43). Many cars lead to heavy traffic which causes people to freak out and speed. No cars would mean that people would begin finding local jobs. Jobs that they could go by walking, riding a bike, etc. We would be healthier because at the same time we are exercising, and keeping our air clean. Having less cars is better for us in any way you look at it.

Limiting car usage means we would have a safer environment to live in. There would be more space for fun recreational areas. And our lives would be less at stake. Our bodies would be healthier as well as the world that we live in. Limiting cars sets better steps for the next generations to come.    