Phones And Driving

Have you ever looked beside you and seen someone texting and driving? It is actually a law to text, call, or just be on your phone in some places. It is very dangerous it can cause a wreck, running red lights, or running someone over. I think you shouldn't be on your phone while your driving or even at a red light, if it's a phone call than maybe. Nearly 1.6 million wrecks happen from cell phone use while driving and 390,000 are injured or killed from that.

Some states made a law about this because it is very dangerous. 47 states have the hands free law. If you get caught the punishment is a fine that cost as little as 20 dollars all the way to 500 dollars. Another punishment is getting charges and your licenses changed to Class B. Not all states have made this a law yet because they don't see the concern.

Most people don't see the dangers but peoples lives get taken from this and drunk driving. People run red lights, run over people, or get in bad wrecks because of this. A couple examples of this is if a kid is getting off the bus and your texting and driving you could run over them or someone is walking across the road and you are texting and driving and run a red light and hit them. Also if your speeding and hit the tail end of someone while your on your phone while driving.

In my opinion you shouldn't text and drive. One it is a law and you should follow laws. Two it is very, very dangerous for yourself and others. If it is so important to risk other lives pull over or go into a parking lot. If anything call them, do not text them and when you call pair it to your car or truck.

Instead of risking your life and others just stay off your phone until you get where your going. No one should have to worry about their self or their loved ones because of someone that's texting and driving.

Instead of the 390,000 injuries from texting and driving it should be 0. So to the people that text and drive change that and put the phone down. Instead of being the one that ends peoples lives, be the one that saves it.       