The culture of the car has been coming to an end. With many people now choosing to have other forms of transpertation. Now in Germany they are making cities where they help banned car usage. In the romantic city of Paris,France they are now starting to banned cars due to the overload of smog. The city of Bogota,Colobia is having a special day where they banned cars and see the effect of now having cars for a day. The car usage is now being observed to do damage around the world and due to that now cities all over the world is now banning the car usage. This will help to have a healthier earth and healthier people. The benefits of banning cars is going to help everyone and even our beloved earth.

In Germany the people have made a city where they have given up their cars. The city I believe has a better way to maintain a healty and cleanier enviroment than other cities in Germany. The banning of cars has been a great sucess with now people using bikes or walking as their means of transportation. Even though car ownership is permitted,the problem is that there are only two places to park which cost about 40,000 dollars along with your home. The result of that actions is that 70 percent of people do not own a car and 57 percent sold the car to live in the city. One person states "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" says Heidrun Walter. The citizens of this city have been feeling better about having no car you dont have the stress to have to drive you have the calm relaxing time by walking or biking. did you know that "passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50 perecent in car intensive areas in the United States."The greenhouse gas has been a problem ever since the development of motor power cars. Now that we are able to stop it lets take that chance to help stop the greenhouse gas and to make cleaner and healthier cities.

The romantic city of paris is having a bit of a problem its that its beautiful city is now being coveres in smog due to the overuse of cars. now that Paris has enforced a partial driving ban to help clear the air they can't help to notice that when there are fewer cars being operated the smog begins to clear up. The smog has always been a problem for Paris it usually has more smog than in any European country. The article states that "Paris has 147 micrograms of perticulate matter (PM) per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London,Reuters found." The romantic city of Paris cant be as wonderful if it always has a problem with having too much smog I believ that the cars are the ones to blame for this matter that if the city of paris bans its cars that the smog will decrease and become a the romantic city that it is. The article states that "diesel fuel was blamed since France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in France compared a 53.3 percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western Europe." That means that it is in fact the motor cars that are the ones causeing the overflow of the smog. If the the cars are able to to be banned in paris we will see a drop in the smog and Paris will return to the romantic city that it is.

The city of Bogota,Colombia has been celebrating the day without cars for over three years straight. The car free day help leave the streets of the capital city without any traffic jams. One problem of the road that many countries have in their capital city is that they have to many cars because of the tourist and the huge number of people who live there which causes traffic jams leaving cars in the streets for hours on end. They have the same problem in Brazil where they have one of the worlds worst traffic jams in history. The ones who delevoped the car free day was trying to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Someone states in the article "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" says businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza. The stress of having a car in a countries capital can be stressful to some people and that bikeing or walking is a way to help calm someone after a busy day at work. Due to the car free day the city states that "uneven, pitted side walks have been replaced by broad,smooth sidewalks, rush hour restirictions have dramatically cut traffic."The car free day i feel is benefitting everyone from getting rid of traffic jams to clearing up the smog. The replacing of cars for bikes and walking is not so much a bad idea if it will help benefit evryone around you.

In conclusion, the car culture is now coming to its end. That nations all over the world has seen the great benefits from banning cars. The greatest effects that banning cars has is that they are helping to get rid of air pollution,stress,and the grreenhouse gas. These are all benfits for everyone it helps the ither people beside u and the environment. The romantic city of Paris was covered in smog due to cars. In Germany where they have developed a city where there is no car in sight and has everything within a walking or bike distance. The city of Bogota,Colombia making a holiday that has been going on for three years straight to have no cars for a day. The people have been seeing that the effects of having no car is wonderful and that we should all do it to better ourselves and to better out enivornment.    