When something bad happened's to you or a friend you would want to get help. If your sad then others would want to get help or make you feel batter about yourself. When ever i'm sad or mad I would turn to my mom or my best friend. I never just go to one of them because if one of them has a different answer then what I was hoping for then I may or may not go for that one. If I ended up getting myself into trouble I would ask my mom then a friend to see what they would do, then I would chose the one I liked the most and do that. Most people talk to others about their problems to get different feed back or to get another point of view.

A year ago my mom and dad wanted to split. I was super sad about it but I asked my friend to be their for me. I told her what was going on with my mom and dad and she said "sometime adults aren't happy together so they go of on their own ways." The next day my friend wasnt here but my other friend was so I talked to her about what was going on. My best friend had never had their parents split up but my other friends parents had split a little while ago. My friend had told me stuff about this and how I could help myself when I was sad. My best friend didn't know how to help me so I turned to my other friend and she helped me. I asked both friends for advise and they both gave me different answers so I got two different views.

When I found out my dog was pregnant I had no clue what to do so I turned to my teachers and asked for advise. One said to tell my mom and let her sit in a vet and sell the babies (I didn't like the idea), but the other teacher said to look it up on YouTube and give my dog a lot of attention. When I told my mom she said it was my choice so I has to pick something. I didnt like the first teachers advise so I did what the second teacher told me to do. So I look up how to take care of the dog and her soon to come puppies, but when the day came I called my friend to help me. She told me almost the something the second teacher told me to do, so thats what I did. For this, I wanted to have more people gave me advise because I didn't know what to do.

When I have a problem I like to turn to not only one person but two or three. Have someones advise is good but it may not before you. When I ask more people then I get different answers which to me means more choices.

I hate the feeling where their is only one way out so I like to help myself think "well, she said to do this but I dont like that idea, but the other idea he gave me was more like if this happened,

but the new kid told me to do this and I like that." Right Their I have more then one choice to use. If you feel like something is a bad choice then dont do it, do whats best for you.