Would you ask more then one person for advice ? If so why would you ? Because on my opinion I think that it would be good to ask other people for their advice on something , because some people could give you different advice , they can help you pick rather or not you should do something , and also you can see who are the people that are willing to help you with some good advice.

Now I would like to talk about why it would be good to get advice from multiple people. I think it is good because I have had a moment when I did not know if I should still be friends with someone I knew had talked behind my back so I started to ask some friend and family members to see what they think about it . Now know they where completely honest with me , so one of my family members told me if what she said hurt me in any type of way then to just stop talking to her. So then I kept asking and they kept giving me different advice , so what I did was I put everything together and it all added up in a way so that is how I got my answer to what I should do. That is why it is good to ask different people for advice because some could give you the same advice and some wont . Now some advice can be good but some are not always good. And it is good to get advice because when you are about to do something you wont have to worry that you are going to do something bad because if the person that you talked to gave you good advice you dont have to worry.

Why is it good to know other peoples opinion? Let me tell you why it is good to know , because if you tell them something then of course they will stop and think then be like you should not do that because you could hurt your self , nor you can hurt the other person. Because then they would tell you why it is a good idea and why it is not. I have been in a situation like that as well where I wanted to do something so i just wanted to make sure that what I was about to do would not hurt any one in any type of way so my cousin started to give me reasons to why I should not do it . I ended up listening to her but then I realized that if I never asked her if it was a good idea I would have made a huge mistake. And that is what I want you to notice that if you are about to do somewhere rather it is to your self or someone else try talking to someone ,and ask them for advice because really it could help. And they can all make sure that you and everyone else are okay. So really knowing other peoples opinion really just a good choice to make because it is helping you.

Now this one is my favorite. Witch is that asking for advice lets you see who are the true friends that are acutely willing to give you advice , and good advice not bad . Because people always have that one friend that is willing to help but not help you in a good way more like in a bad way , because most times let me start of small you ask them a question " oh does this one look good on me or that one" and they will answer back with the one they think looks ugly and you know they are picking the ugly one but you just pick not to say anything. Now let me go big if you ask them for advice on something serious they will tell you oh yeah you should do it because it wont harm anyone , but no they just want to put lies in your head so that when people with actual good advice come you will be confused and not know what to do. So it is better to know when a friend is just lying to you because you want a friend that tells you the truth and that you can trust with really anything and you know that their advice wont be bad. Also when you ask any one in particular for advice know that people are not always right so every time you need to make a decision and need advice go with what your head tells you to not always with what other people tell you .

So really that is what I think could help people notice that asking different people for advice is really help full because when you get different ideas from multiple people you have a lot of choices and you get to pick the best one out of all the choices you got but of course you would know rather or not what they told you was good and helpful because if it was not then obviously do not use it. But really my point here is if you ask more then one person for help it can really help you out , because imagine you where going to do something and a part of you is saying dont do it but the other part of you is saying you should do it . Then of course you will need someone to give you advice to what you should do because if it was something bad then that would not be good . So really it is best to just ask someone for their opinion. Because it is always better to do something when someone tells you that it is okay then always doing things by yourself and end up ruining something. So real question here is would you ever ask for someone else opinion? 