Firstly a teacher or a student to design a summer project. Most students would say to let them design it. But with this generation the smartest choice would be to let the teacher do it. Because they're the ones with the experience with making these projects. If they told me to sit down and make a project I wouldn't even know where to begin. Like kids these days barely know how to tie their own shoe. One expects them to do a whole project for them to do in the summer.

Teachers literally learned how to teach, how to make test/projects, how to make it make sense and not be all over the place, also how to make it fun for the student. Teachers study for how many years four or five for what to let a student do their job and make their own project. The student isn't learning anything from making his own project. The only real thing they would learn is how to put a project together. But if I had to do it I wouldn't even learn that I would try to make the project simple for me so I wouldn't have to do a lot of work.

Also kids these days have gotten really lazy, for example, my little sister in the summer she doesn't do anything but be on her phone and in bed all day. I couldn't imagine her doing a project in the summer nor less make one. A student wouldn't make the project difficult they would make it as easy as possible. They would probably make themselves just draw a picture of what they did in the summer. Students don't want to learn in the summer that's their time off when they get a break. No student that I know wants to do any work in the summer and most kids I know wouldn't even do it.

I remember getting a project in the summer when I was in the sixth grade. The teacher also made it and to be honest it was a large project but it help. The next year when we reviewed when we came back from summer I wasn't lost I still remembered a lot of information because of that project. But if a student had made it he wouldn't even know what to put on it. I would've been screwed because I would've done a project a kid made that didn't even know what we learned about that year. Teachers just knows what to put it together and how to organize it and that helps a lot.

If they just let teachers do it and make the projects students would learn more then if a student made it. We also always get those kids that don't do it either way. Just let the teachers do their job and make it they have more experience then a kid that is just always on their phone. The student also has a better chance of actually learning if the teacher makes it, then if the student made it themselves. In the end of the day the program just wants to make kids learn and get the information they need. So just the the professionals do it. 