There are many reasons why scientists suggest that studying Venus is a worth pursuit despite the danger it presents. The author uses alot of information to support the ideas. In the passage the authors talk about why studying Venus is worthy to study no mater how dangerous it can be. The author talks about how Venus is the most like earth planet in the solar system, how Venus could have supported various forms of life, just like earth, and also how venus is dangerous. The author supported the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers well and effectively because he supported his facts with scientist knowledge.

In this passage there are many facts that the author added to explain why studying Venus is worthy even though there are alot of dangerous stuff in that planet. One of those facts the author gave that came from scientists knoledge is "astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most earth-like planet in out solar system." The author is adding astronomers thoughts and knowledge to implement that his facts are correct.

Also the author uses events and projects that are going on implementing that people still care about the study of Venus. In paragraph 7 it says "NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus. For example, some simplified electronics made if silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such condition . The study of NASA is showing the audience thats is reading that there are scientists that are studing Venus because they do know that Venus is a vauliable subject to study. In the passage the author also adds that in order to study further there wll be people who will go to the planet because resarchers dont have the rock and gas to study and they will go to collect those objects.

Another thing that the author did to support that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents is the facts he gives about how similar Venus is from Earth. In the passage it says "Venus was probably covered largely with ocens and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth" the passage also says "Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters."

In conclution the auhor suggestions that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents is well explained because the author used information from scientists, astronomers, and the NASA. The author also used the thoughts from these knowledable people to support his idea. The author supports his ideas by adding information that gives his idea truth and validity. The author also adds some facts that go against his idea such as explaining why Venus is such a dangerous place. All of the author's work balences out to make his idea understandabe and thoughtful. 