Extracurricular activities is one of the most underrated parts about school. I believe we should all participate in at least one extracurricular activities. These activities helps the students more then you think. Extracurricular activities helps the person build character. It also gives the students opportunity in life and helps them gain experience, meet new people. That can also get help for homework and school.

Extracurricular activities such as sports helps the student build there character. In sports the student works in a team and listen to the coaches instructions. By letting other people finish their sentences and listening to them. That helps them become a better listener. In sports and in other clubs the student is held accountable for there actions. By knowing the the students actions have consequences and there team depends on them. That helps the student to work hard not to make any excuses. In sports the students have to help their team mates. In a activity if the students team mates needs help on any thing. The student should help them, by helping other people the students builds a strong character.

Students can join new groups and teams and learn new skills, such as cooking cleaning and more. With those experiences it might help them get a job in future. It would look really good on a students job a placation form. If a student wants to become a chef we should have a cooking club. In this club the students learn how to make food and drinks. So when the student wants to become a chef, he already knows the basics before every one else. Also in the group the students can learn how to manage there time under pressure. This is a very important experience that should know. This can help the students on other jobs.

If students are having trouble in school. We should make a group or club where students can get help, from other students on school work, projects and quizzes. With this group the students grades can improve. That might get to know some new test taking skills. Also in this group students are able to talk to new friends and make new friends. Their also able to work on each other weakness and help it become stronger.

Thats why I think we should all participate in at least one extracurricular activities. These groups helps us make new friend, learn new experiences and help us build our character. Some of these groups can also be turned into classes.