Distance learning in schools is a way for students to attend classes from an online resource or by video conferencing. Video conferencing is a good option for students who can't regularly attend school because of different situations in their lives. Some people may argue that being able to attend classes form home through a computer screen would hurt a students social skills because of the lack of face to face conversations, but it would actually help those students make friends with other classmates that live farther away from them. Video conferencing would benefit all teachers, students, and parents because it would allow students to learn while they are sick, prepare them for their professional lives, and help them to learn new social skills.

Video conferencing would help give kids an education when they are sick and unable to attend normal school through the convince of being in their room. Instead of missing days of school due to sickness, these students would be able to log onto their computers and participate in class from their house. This would hep reduce the stress of make up work on students and give teachers less stress on catching the sick student up with what they missed. Video chatting would also limit the spread of diseases from person to person. Many students still go to school when they have a fever or are contagious, so video chatting would help lower these diseases from spreading due to the lack of physical communication from students. Not only does video chatting help limit the spread of disease and make up work, but it also helps prepare kids for the real world; college.

Distance learning will help students have an advantage in their college and professional lives when communicating with people all over the world. By allowing kids to try this during high school or throughout their education career, it would lead to a more successful college lifestyle. Students would already be acclimated to the types of online classes and work from their previous high school experience, so they would not have a dramatic shift in learning when they go to college. Not only would this give them an advantage in taking classes in college, but it would help to lower stress when transitioning into a new environment. Later in life they would be more prepared when they conference people online for business meetings or video conference online with people in different countries. Many business have relationships overseas that they use video conferencing for, so it would benefit these students to grow up with video conferencing being a form of communication. Distance learning will help give these kids an advantage and make their professional lives easier and more successful.

Students would develop greater social skills when learning through video conferencing with people all over the world. Online learning opens up many possibilities to many different types of people. By learning through video conferencing, it forces students to make bonds with their peers that they would not normally be in class with due to the distance apart. Online school provides different people the same opportunities to help get the same education. Many people believe that computers and online communication make it harder for kids to learn social skills today, but it actually does the opposite. The Internet and video conferencing give a whole new way of social communication because of the ability to talk with people from across the world. Although it is not the traditional type of social environment, it is still possible to make close bonds with peers that are experiencing different cultures, so you can learn about these different places in the world. Video conferencing in schools would help expose students to these different cultures and make them open to a diverse setting of learning.

This new type of schooling, video conferencing from home, would open up a new way of learning for students all over the world. It would help expose students to new opportunities that they would not normally get, like developing bonds with people far away, and it would help students attend school when they are sick or unable to get to the physical building. This new learning technique would prepare students for college and better them in the real world, only making them more successful. Although their are a few draw backs, like needing technology and certain social skills could be lost, it would end of making the new generation more successful and able to have conversations with different people from different backgrounds. In conclusion the new wave of distance learning would only be an advantage in the learning community. 