Distance Learning

As we progress into an advanced, modernized, and technological world, the need for attending schools and jobs becomes questionable. New technology has allowed for the ability to work from home through online resources. Due to these advancements, the advantage of students being able to attend schools from their houses has risen. Some schools have considered this topic and are offering distance learning as an option for students. Though some parents acquire concerns about the health of their kids being glued to their homes, distance learning should be acceptable if not taken for granted. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it advances their time-management skills, allows for the development of hobbies, and provides time for students to build relationships with their families and friends.

Distance schooling benefits students by teaching them time-management skills. By having students set aside specific time for video conferencing or online courses, they will be able to acquire skills on time-management. For example, over the course of one semester, my sister attended college through online courses and exclaimed, "If there is one thing I loved and learned from the idea of having online classes, is time-management. I would plan my day out from start to finish and execute all tasks and assignments in one day" (Generic_Name). As proven by her exclaim, distance schooling offers students a chance to plan out their day and be able to set appointments at specific times to perform their school-related tasks. This is beneficial to the student because they have the opportunity to control their day-to-day lives. Through time-management as well, students will develop traits such as responsibility and independence, which is the goal for the future generation.

Alongside the strong character traits acquired by students through distance learning, students are allowed the opportunity to expand and develop hobbies. For example, my friend, who is home-schooled, commented, "I have much more time on my hands that in one day, I go practice boxing, learn to play the ukulele, volunteer at the senior citizens home, spend time with friends, and study" (Generic_Name). Because of their time-management skills, students are able to set aside time to perform other tasks and hobbies during the day. As proven by my friend's comment, students are able to execute different kinds of tasks in just one day without having a time-restriction due to school hours. If students were to personally keep attending schools, about eight hours from their day is lost due to the fact that there are only so many hours in a day. Due to distance learning, students are given the opportunity to expand in certain aspects and hobbies in their lives such as art, cooking, sports, etc... and they may also discover new talents or obtain jobs - allows for self-discovery. This also teaches students what the assistant principal at my school always reminds his students, and that is, "There is more to life than academics" (Generic_Name). Distance learning offers various benefits in students' lives such as the possibility to develop hobbies.

In addition to the advantages of distance schooling, students are provided additional time to spend with their loved ones. Because of distance learning, students obtain extra time in their hands which can be used to spend with their friends and families. It is known that after high school, most students leave their homes and join the journey of independence. This proves that these young adolescents only have so much time to spend with their loved ones before starting a new chapter of their lives, independently. My dear mother always reminds me, "These years are the years of your life, so live your lives and live it with the people around you" (Generic_Name). Distance learning will provide students the gift of spending time with their families. It is very crucial and beneficial for students, and people, in general, to build relationships with their family because they will always be blood and one's safety net. Distance learning could possibly teach students the value of life, friendship, and family.

In conclusion, distance learning offers numerous benefits to students that will only teach them the meaning of life and its means of survival through independence, time-management, self-discovery, and strengthened relationships. It leaves students with skills acquired which schools may not be able to accomplish. Distance learning is the guide for the world's future generation of successful leaders.