Why would someone go to multiple people for help when all of them could give very different advice? When people go to someone for advice they are looking for guidance and when they dont know where to go they sometimes will ask multiple people for help. What if someone went to multiple people for advice and they only listened to the person who told them what they wanted to hear? That can lead you to be even more confused than you were in the beginning.

Different advice can show you different perspectives of what someone thinks is the right thing to do. Seeing many perspectives and having different reasoning can lead you to making better decisions. If you were asking your friends for advice about if you should buy a new car and one tells you, you should but gives you little reasoning and the other says no and gives a lot of reasons why, then with all the information you can make an informed decision that you should probably not buy the car.

More people could tell you that what you are doing could be wrong. If you still decide you want to buy that car because one person disagrees with you then you can ask more people what their thoughts were and they can stop you from making a decision that has a lot of consequences. Hearing a lot of reasons from many different people telling you not to buy that car would make you realize that buying it is a very bad idea.

Having a lot of people give you reasons on why or why not to do something can lead you to make the decision by yourself. Listening to other people but your gut is telling you something else then you can use other peoples reasoning and yours to make a decision that is the best for you. If you asked three people about buying a car and they all give you reasons not to do it and you have reasons that make theirs less important, then maybe it can lead you to buying a car because you know that you would be better off.

Advice from multiple people is helpful in many different ways. To make sure that you do what will be the best for you then you should take all the information you have and think about what are the most important reasons to do or not do this. Different people can show you everything that you need to think about before making this decision. As long as you remember to also think about what you think is best then you can end up right where you need to be because of the help from many people.