In my opinon I don't think that driverless cars should be made or yet even tested. I believe that the car could stop working in the middle of driving people some where. Then those people would get into a car crash because they can't do anything because it is a driverless car. Yes, it sounds great and cool to not have to drive a car and it do it itself, but there are many things that can go wrong with this idea.

What happens when something goes wrong with the car? Who is to be blamed? The owner or the person/company who made the car? These are just a few questions I have over this topic. I believe that if something goes wrong with the car and someone gets hurt the owner shouldn't be the one to get blamed. It should be the person/company who made the car because they are suppose to make sure the car is safe for people to even be in, and safe for the road since a computer is driving it.

What if someone hacks into the software/data base of the car and makes it drive people and into the middle of nowhere, to an abondon house, or something like that so they could get killed? What do you do then? Has anyone thought about that? I doubt that has crossed any of the companies, who want to makes these cars, mind. I mean you hear on the news all the time about all these people getting hacked. What's going to stop these hacker from not hacking into these driverless cars to harm certain people they have a strong hate to? If they really wanted to hurt someone they will stop at nothing to do that. How are these cars even going to be safe? Its like asking a three year old to drive a car. And I know that I don't want a three year old driving me around from place to place on a daily bases.

So I am strongly against these driverless cars. If someone can prove me wrong about any of the topics I brought up I would be glad to hear them. I do doubt that anyone can have evidence about some of this stuff not coming true if driverless cars are made. Many things can go wrong with these cars. Here are some questions that I leave you with, what is so good about these cars in the first place? How are these cars going to help us in the long run? there might be some upsides to these cars but not as must as the downsides.