YES I think kids should do extracurricular activities this is why I agree with the the decision to make kids do at least one extra curricular activity. I feel like kids should always have something to do so they don't feel lonely or get bored. I think this because if they don't have a extracurricular activity to do they might sit at home all day or get into gang activities. I also think kids should play sports. I think this because its a stress reliever and kids with a lot of stress from home or school should play to get there minds off of things. The last reason is extracurricular like sports or after school helps kids make friends. If you play sports or go to after school you can make new friends or meet new people while your playing.

2. I think extra curricular activities are funny why wouldn't you wanna do them they can help you with things like stress and depression. I think they are fun because there are plenty of options and you can pick the one you like the most. The most popular option is to play sports but you can also do student council and yearbook or go to after school. If you are serious about sports you can maybe go to a collage and go professional if your good. If you do yearbook it can also help your journalism skills. The student council can help you become a leader and work on leadership skills. So as you can see extra curricular activities can help you with your future.

3.

The bad things about being at home all day is that you might not want to look for a job. If your at home all day you might be to lazy to look for a job. I also believe is you are at home all day you can become depressed and feel lonely. If your at home all day you want have anybody to talk to and you'll feel alone. If your at home all day you either sleep eat or play video games. The bad thing about that is your young and can make better use of your time. If your asleep all day your day goes by fast and your already on to the next day. The bad thing about eating all day is that you can get over weight and most people dont want that.

4.

The most common thing kids do when they are home all day is play video games. There is nothing wrong with that but most kids sit there for hours just playing and some barley get any sleep. The worst thing that can happen is that you get involved with gangs. When some kids have nothing to do or are getting bullied they go to a gang. Its not hard to get into a gang you just have to find people in one and they'll give you an initiation.

5.

These are just a couple of reasons why extracurricular activities are good for kids. They can help your future and make sure you stay out of trouble. If you plan on doing some of these things it would be good to start young to have more time to improve. The most exciting career path for me is sports you just have to be dedicated and have a hard work ethic. This is why i agree with this idea.                                                                                                                                                                                  