When you seek for different opinions do you ask multiple people? A study shows that when people ask multiple people for different opinions for a certain thing they make a better choice then not asking anyone for their opinions. This happens because not everyone has the same opinion on a certain thing, the certain individual that they are asking has been through that same situation, and you get multiple opinions and you pick the one you think its right.

Its better to ask multiple people for their opinion because not everyone has the same opinion on a certain thing. For example, lets say that a student was asking her friends if she should take a job or not and more than half said yes and the other people said no so, shes probably going to go with the answer with the most votes. Also, there is billions of people in the world and they have similar but not exact opinions on a certain thing or situation. It is also better to ask for different opinions because every single person in the whole wide world as a different mindset and different ways they will solve their problems and they also have different knowledge over a certain thing.

Many people ask multiple people for their opinion because that certain individual that they are asking has been through that same situation. It is sometimes very common for someone to has had or has the same problem or been through that situation. For example, my friend ask me for my opinion for a certain situation and turns out I had been through that same situation or problem. There for, I helped her solve her problem and helped her make a better choice. Also, when you find a individual or person that has or has been helping you solve that situation, they sometimes can help you through life because you and them might have a similar mindset of solving a problem or situation.

Seeking for multiple opinions can help you make a better choice because you will get multiple opinions and you will pick the one you think its right. It is proven that when you have different options to pick from you will pick the one you like the best or the one you think it is right. For example, lets say that someone had the chance to pick anything from a box of expensive items, they will probably pick the one that is appealing to their eyes or the one that it is more visible to their eyes. There for, it is the same thing that happens when you ask multiple people for their advice for a certain thing because then you will pick the one you like the best.

In conclusion, people ask multiple people for their advice for a certain thing or situation because not everyone has the same opinion on a certain thing, the individual that they are asking has been through the same situation, and you will get multiple opinions and you will pick the one that you think its right.          