Many schools offer classes from home or online to students, however it is contreversal whether it is beneficial to students or not. Students will benefit more from going to school rather than taking classes online or from home because students will get the opportunity to join clubs or sports teams, learn better social skills, and gain more life experience.

Going to school gives students the opportunity to join many different clubs and sports teams. When in high school, there are so many opportunities and options for students to choose from no matter who you are. When I first came to Generic_School in the 10th grade, I missed the tryouts for the Volleyball team. I was upset, however I was still given the opportunity to manage the team where I met one of my best friends and made new relationships. I would have never had this opportunity if I had taken classes from home or online. This year I am a junior, and I recently joined National Honors Society, which is a very good club to be in and looks great on college applications. This is another example of an opportunity that is not presented to people who take classes from home.

Going to school teaches students better social skills as well. Being around teachers and students all day can allow people to be better at communicating, rather than just being at home or online. School is where I have met almost all my friends from preschool to now. If I had not gone to school I would have never met my friends or had the same relationships, so I would not have been able to talk to other people my age as easily. Being around teachers and authorities all day also helps with adapting ways to talk to adults and to know how to be respectful. High School has helped me a lot with knowing how to communicate better and to speak up, before I was very shy and would rarely talk. Altogether, Going to school helps people to adapt better communication skills.

Life lessons and experience is another example of what going to school provides for students. When attending school you naturally will experience and learn more then what you would if you were at home, whether or not it is apart of a lesson plan. Teachers and adults teach students basic discipline and give rules, which can be good. Even when I was a kid, I was taught to not interrupt people and how to get along with my fellow classmates. Going to school, I naturally experience more every day then what I would if I was at home or online taking classes. This can be as simple as just listening to another student, or our teacher telling the class an important life lesson. It is important that students get to experience what going to school can teach them.

Although some schools offer distance learning by staying at home or taking online classes, it is important to go to school. By choosing to have distant learning students will miss out on school clubs and sports teams, adapting better social skills, and many life experience and lessons