Have you ever had to make such a hard choice that you stress for hours over it because you dont want to make the wrong choice? Well I know I have many times. In life,everyone must make hard choices, having others help you make that choice will lead to a successful and smarter choices, then making a choice on your own. Some reasons why seeking multiple opinions is best is because everyone has different views on things, my experience with my own choices in life, and the effect on making good choices is good. Dont you want to make the best choice possible? Well, the only way to do that is by getting other people opinions on your descion you have to make.

One of the most important reasons why seeking others opinions or advice when making good descions is that everyone has different views. Every person has lived a different life with different experiences and lessons and everyone thinks differently. Every person on this earth is different, no one is the same person. That is what makes this world we live in so special. Asking a person who is older and wiser may be better then asking a kid for advice. The older person has lived longer and has more experience with life, they can probably help you more and give you advice u can use to make your descion. Children have not lived as long and are less experienced, they might have a brighter mind but doesnt have nearly as much knowledge. Therefore, since everyone is different, everyone will have something different to say, make you think differently, and have different perspectives on the descion.

One of the many hard choices I had to make was just recently, I had to choose if I wanted to stay on my house soccer team or play on a travel soccer team. It was very hard for me to decide what I wanted to do, but it was easier to decide when I talked to my dad and a couple friends. I wanted to stay on my rec team because all of my friends were on it and I had many memories on that team. However, I wanted to play on the travel team because it is a more advanced soccer team. I needed to challenge myself and get better so I can play on the high school team. My dad helped me list the pros and cons of both teams which gave me a better perspective on the choice. My friend Generic_Name gave me details on the travel team so I knew if I chose that team, what it would be like. Lastly, My friend Generic_Name had also made a very similar descion, so she told me how she made her descion and said "it may be hard to leave my friends but making myself a better soccer player is more important". Talking to others really helped influence my descion and open up how I looked at the choice, I ended up joining the travel team.

The last reason why getting others opinions is good when descion making is, after getting everyone's views you are more experienced,smarter,and a better person then you were before asking them. With my own experiences, when asking others for advice, they teach me life lessons and give me powerful messages to use not only when I make my choice but in life in general. Getting views from others and even just talking to others makes you a wiser and better person to be more successful in life. In your lifetime you do a lot of growing and being able to talk to others and listen to there advice makes you grow to be the best person you can be. After asking someone for advice on one descion, you can carry that advice for your next good choice you make in your life. One effect someone could have if they dont seek multiple opinions to make a good choice in life is, they will not be able to grow from others and it will be harder for them to grow on their own. This is because in life we need each other to be better people.

In conclusion, making choices in life will almost always turn out as a very good choice when seeking advice from people who are wise or important people in your life. This because there is a good effect on you as a person, everyone has different opinions,views,and life stories and from my own experience I agree with this statement. Life is about growing and being the best you can be so, learn from others mistakes and experiences. Now, you will never have to stress over making a bad choice, because all you need to do is ask others for their advice. So,the next time you make a descion, make sure to ask many people about their opinion on your choice, trust me, you wont regret it.