Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Summer projects should be teacher-designed so that students don't do the minimum amount of work, it displays all of the information needed, and students complete the assignment correctly.

These projects should be made by the teachers to insure that students don't do the very minimum amount of work. For example, a lazy high school student named Generic_Name, who gets bad grades in school, likes to rush and do the least amount of work whenever he gets the chance to do it his own way. If the summer project was designed by his teacher, Generic_Name would know all of the requirements on the project rubric necessary to achieve a passing grade, as well as keep him from putting very little effort into his schoolwork.

The summer projects would be beneficial having all of the information needed for the students to complete the project if it was created by the teacher. A junior named Generic_Name was out of town all summer with her family in Florida, and had no space in her suitcase to bring her school things with her. She forgot that she was assigned a summer project to do, and she doesn't know what information is needed for the project. Since her teacher planned it out and listed the criteria, Generic_Name can reread the components on the project that her teacher listed that is needed for her to successfully complete her summer project.

Having the teachers design the summer projects would help make sure students efficiently complete the assignment. For example, a history teacher named Mrs. Generic_Name, who is very organized and responsible, always remembers to list the directions and requirements that her students should include in their projects. Her students are then able to look back at those directions Mrs. Generic_Name has provided, and make sure they are including all of the details that she has given to them. This helps make sure every student will do the project correctly, and not get a bad score because they did it wrong.

Teachers should design the summer projects rather than have the students design it themselves. It will provide help and guidance for students who don't fully know what they are doing for the project or where to start. This way, they are able to be happy and confident about starting their work, rather than have to worry about doing it all on their own.                         