Cars are a very nice thing to have, they are fast and they take you places that you want to go to. Cars come in a variety of colors and shapes. The thing about cars that you probably didn't know is that they pollute. Polluting is a very bad thing, everyday we're breathing in chemicals from cars that pollute. Doesn't sound very good now, does it? Cars are extreamly expensive too!

Cars cost thousands of dollars. Now, lets think for a minute, what if you didn't have a car? You wouldn't be able to get to places fast enough, you won't be on time to where you are trying to go. Well, you see, there are things called bikes and buses. It might not be as fast but, you'll still get there. Their are a lot of advantages of not having a car. You don't have to pay for insurance, You don't have to worry about accidents, You also don't have to worry about polluting the environment. In Vauban, Germany many people do not own cars. Atleast 70% of them do not own cars. Did you know that about 57% of the people in Vauban, Germany sold there cars so they could move to Germany?

In Paris, people enforced a partial driving ban to clear out some of the pollution. If you drove in your car you would have to pay a $31.00 dollar fee. That day, about 4 thousand drivers were fined. Wow! that is a lot of people to be fined for driving. Is it easy for you to imagine a car-free zone, where nobody is driving, and the roads are free of cars? Believe it or not, a lot of people like the idea of a car-free zone. In Columbia, people had banned cars for 3 straight years! Now, that is a long time to not be able to use a car. There was still transportation of course such as, biking, roller skating, walking, and even buses. I mean, you can't walk every where, right?

Even when it rained the people still didn't use cars, and it rained a lot. Not having a car takes away the pollution of the air and stress because, I can imagine having a car would be stressfull due to money you have to pay for gas and insurance. Their was about 118 miles of biking paths that people could take to get around. Stores were moved to be closer to people so they wouldn't have to travel so far. As each year goes by, americans are driving less, buying fewer cars and getting fewer licenses. I guess it's suggested that we don't use cars as much due to air pollution but i dont thing that is going to stop everyone in the world from driving their cars. I think we should cut down on driving every where and maybe car pool instead or take a bus, that way not everyone is driving and there will be less pollution. People will of course still drive cars and cars will pollute the air but, it is not going to stop us from driving.    