Online classes can be more convenient for students who may need it or maybe students don't fell as they need to be apart of a public place to learn and to get an education, or they feel as they would do better without being in a class with other students but, schools are offering online classes for students who would benefit from it. Although, some may agree with being able to take online classes but for the student's benefit this is wrong.

First, online classes make it where you become more and more lonely at home with probably the only company of your household family. This makes us lose connections to outside of your house, rather then if you're in a public school while being in a classroom. It can make for being able to connect with others and make friends harder. If you take someone from out of public they will never learn how to interact with others in the real world. We need to be able to socialize with others because thats a majority of what life is; learning to get along with others, how to be respectful to others but, you cant learn these social skills while being stuck inside of your house. It won't benefit students to not learn how to socialize with other as they will need these important skills later on in life.

Secondly, classrooms in school require us to focus more on the subject at hand, online classes which are taken at home give you more "at home distractions" with these distractions it makes it harder for you to pay attention, with things such as; Television, Parents telling you to do things, Chores that may take time to do, and things as your own phone which can get in the way of your own learning experience. With these distractions that hinder your education, it makes you less focused at the subject itself, things like your phone getting notifications attract us towards it, while if you're in class you may not be able to use your phone because of certain restrictions but, while your at home you have free range of anything you want to do. Public school have rules so that you can be more focused, which then leads to us being able to graduate, online class makes it where its easier to do whatever we want. Education is important so important that we are required to go by law, and schools have rules which make us more focus on our work for we can then pass on to the real world and become growing adults. Online classes makes us become lazy it gives us the thought of we can whatever and still get an education which will then lead students into not doing their work.

Finally, i think that online classes may not give us a way for direct help from our teachers. When we are in an online class and we can't seem to figure out a certain subject who can we really ask for help, sure you can go on Google but, then that defeats the purpose of school itself because we can just look up the answer without getting a basic understanding, so that wouldn't be helpful to yourself. When a teacher is in front of us teaching us, it gives you a more basic understanding of the subject than just getting answers from Google, you actually get to learn and understand subject. Maybe we could email the teacher but, that doesnt give us an immediate response, we should be able to ask the teacher for help and get help with in a reasonable time.

In conclusion, online classes can be more convenient for students who may need it or maybe students don't fell as they need to be apart of a public place to learn and to get an education, or they feel as they would do better without being in a class with other students but, this is wrong public schools shape us and get us ready for the real world which will help us become growing adults.