Technology is pretty much at teenagers fingertips at all times. When it comes to the latest Tiktok trends,YouTube videos, Google, Instagram and all things in between students are influenced by the internet. Why not use something that most kids in Americans have access to in order to help educate Generation Z and the generations that follow. School is a very important aspect of life that all students should be able to enjoy. For many student school is not. School has become a drain on students mental health. Many kids rather learn more about their future carers,or become an influncers and athletes. The compromise is online school, why not just focus on what students need to know to be productive in life and still give them the opportunity presume different opportunities. Online schooling allows students to wake up later, get an education and are able to be happy and focus on other things. While many say online school is the easy way out in reality it teaches time management and responsibility in order to live out their dreams and helps out kids who miss school on a regular.

Online schooling is a way students can stay on top of their work and not fall behind there classmates. I had a friend freshman year who missed two months of school due to family issues in her home country. Missing that much school required her to stay back another year and retake classes should would have done well in had she not have had a family emergency. Having access to online school she would have been able to follow along with her classmates and still be their for her family. Taking

AP classes is a lot of work and requires you to be there every class. I can not tell you how many times I have come to school with really bad sicknesses so I do not miss notes,quizzes or a test in one those classes. For example I take AP bio every morning, if I miss one class I have missed half a chapter of notes. Which in the long run is a lot of information I now have to learn on my own. Having access to online school I am able to video chat into my classes, take my notes and make up any worksheets I am missing and still have a teacher explain it to me so I can have the full picture and still be able to rest up. While students need a breaks for school sometimes and online school has the possibility of taking that away, online school would be for student who miss 3 or more day and in the long run falling behind and and having a pile of work to come back to hurts so much more than not having a break.

Online school teaches students how to plan around their busy lives and still get their degree. The most common argument for online school is, "Students will get behind and fail out." This is true but goes the same way as regular school. If a student misses more than 10 days of school in a row the parents are put on trail for truancy and can be taken to jail. The same should apply to student who choose to learn online. Online school will help keep students on top of their game and still allow them to do the things they enjoy. For students graduating early this helps them do everything required and go to college early. Having fun requires responsibility. Students know if they are not doing well they will have to go back to public school which would be embarrassing for them.

Follow your dreams is a statement many teachers have taught students since kindergarten. How can one follow their dreams when they are required to stay in school for 180 days of the year. This is where online school takes a huge part in. Students are still able to walk across the stage at graduating and do something they are passionate about. Charlie Damelio,and other influncers miss a lot of school due to tours, commercials and brand trips. Online school is their only option. Many people say that kids should not miss school for entertainment purposes, but these kids are building a brand and making money in a capitalistic society. Pulling kids out of school to work on TV shows and movies is not a new concept. How do you think shows like Full House and Boy Meets World were filmed. These kids had to hire teachers to teach them full time and still go to set. Online Schooling is so much better for actors and influncers now because they can do all the requirements their school has and still film. Noah Schnapp, an actor on Stranger Things loves online school because when he is done filming he can go back to school and is not behind. Online school is something that has been brought up in my family recently. My sister does gymnastics and practices 4 hours a day 3 days a week, Her coaches believe she could become a junior Olympian and wants her to practice 5 days a week for 8 hours a day. Thats a huge opportunity for a 13 year old and could help her get into UCLA on a full gymnastics scholarship. Her passion and drive for gymnastics is not at the same level as it is for school. She goes to school and just does what she need to do to pass. Online school is a really good option for her so she is able to do what she loves and get an education.

Another positive of online school is that students are able to work full time and get a degree. Many students must work a 5 hour job and go to school for 8 hours to support their family.

Having the option of school online lets them plan classes around working and still allow them to walk across the stage. Online school is a great substitute for kids who are looking toward becoming famous and making a living at a young age.

Online school allows students to do what they love, not get behind and learn responsibility. This is an amazing tool if used correctly to help student who get sick a lot, who are trying to get famous or trying to start with their careers. With great power comes great responsibility that student are able to learn with this process. Having the option of online school helps improve the way of education for all.          