How could we get the reduction of Greenhouse Gas? We can simply do this by reducing the number of cars on the road. In the city of Vauban, Germany, they gave up cars completely. If you still own a car in this city you have to buy a large garage that runs to  about $40,000. This expense doesn't include your house. Up to 70% of the cities population of 5,500 have given up their motor vehicle. The passenger cars in the city are responsible for 12% of the Greenhouse gas. I believe that if we, in the state of Florida, give up our cars that we can literally save the world.

First, Today in the sunshine state, we love to sit in our air conditioned motor vehicles. We love to take a joy ride by the beach, but do you know the real damage you're doing to our world? In the United States alone we produce about 50% of the Greemhouse gas. With how many citizens we have, what would that number be if we cut out all motor vehicles? We would be saving the Earth. How does that make you feel? Like a hero? That's what you would be.

Secondly, We all own houses that cost so much! To be able to park your car you could have to buy a large enough garage, that would be at the end of your comuntiy that could cost up to $40,000. Why pay this outrageous amount to be the only one driving around your car-free city? If we do take this comitment on reducing our driving, how would you get to work? This is a common question asked. We would be forced to put work establishments within walking distances.

Lastly, we as americans are one of the most obiese countries. We sit in cars and drive around daily. Our government has actually made it even more easy to acess fast food, they put in drive threws. Some thought that this awesome, new, cool invention could help us save time, but in reality it just make it more simple to get these bad habits. If we really want to eat these bad foods, we would have to walk there. Thus we would be getting more exercise. Getting rid of cars would be the best thing that has happened to us in a long time.

In conclusion, We need to take a stand and stop all motor vehicles. With these powered automobiles we are damaging the earth with Greenhouse gas, Saving money, and giving us what we need. I believe that this change needs to be made soon, or who knows where we could end up. Lets get all states to get rid of all motor vehicles. This stand could change everything as we know it!    