With the growth of technology affecting our day to day life, it is bound to affect how students learn and use resources. Technology is increasingly being used and provided in the classroom setting, now taking over traditional classrooms by providing distance learning. Many schools now provide online classrooms instead of traditional classroom settings, allowing access to lessons through a student's computer. Virtual learning could be helpful in a few cases, such as a student feeling sick or having social anxiety; however, the cons outweigh the pros. Both feeling sick and social anxiety are issues a human must overcome, and online classes are only a short term relief. Attending classes from home doesn't benefit students due to increased health concerns, more anxiety when dealing with social situations, and a poor learning environment.

Many students live a sedentary lifestyle, where their only form of movement is walking from one place to another. With most students spending their day at school, removing those 7 hours of walking and replacing them with time in a house would cause decline in a student's health. Many schools also provide gym classes that promote a student to exercise. However, this would be difficult to accomplish through online courses. Humans who tend to spend most of their lives on the couch, in their house, or sleeping develop diseases such as diabetes and obesity much quicker. Removing physical classrooms promotes a lifestyle where the belief that technology rues our lives is prominent.

One reason many students gravitate towards online schooling is because of social anxiety. However, combating social anxiety by quitting social interactions all together is not a safe option. By removing a student from social environments, their anxiety will only increase when they inevitably must be social to survive. This only gives a short term relief that will lead to worse problems for a student dealing with anxiety in the future. It promotes running away and hiding when dealing with anxiety, rather than facing and dealing with their issues. By placing students in social situations, they learn from a young age how to behave properly. This can greatly benefit students when applying for jobs and getting their careers started. In the long run, social skills are a key component to a financially and mentally stable life.

Online courses don't allow students to access face to face time with their teachers, unless it is via web cam. This can be stressful in certain situations when needing help and not being able to properly receive it due to a poorer level of communication. It is impossible to replicate face to face human interactions. A web cam simply does not provide enough for a student. There are many instances where the fact that a course is virtual can get in the way of a student getting the proper help they need. Internet connection can run poorly, freezing on the device may occur, and viruses are all instances in where technology can go wrong in this method of learning. The distractions that are available to a student when they are in their own house or in their own room would cause a decline in their academics. Human brains are trained to associate things with other things. When a student is doing their online class on a couch or on their bed, where they usually relax, their brain will cause them to associate what they are doing as unimportant and lose their focus.

In conclusion, attending online courses will not provide students the same, necessary learning experience as traditional classrooms. Students will not grow properly if they are not dealing with certain social situations that occur in a school setting. Decrease in students physical health due to promotion of a sedentary lifestyle, and a decrease in mental health due to lack of social interactions are both significant health concerns that must be considered when evaluating online classes as an option for students. Distance learning is a poor method of learning and students will not take it as seriously as a traditional classroom. There are many issues in the method of distance learning and using video conferencing for classes, and until all these issues are resolved, it is not a beneficial method of learning for students.