Since the industial revolution the demand for cars has grown. Cars have been needed for transport to go to work, school, or just plain traveling. But recently the demand has decreasing. All around the world "no car suburbs" popped up and people are dying to move. In source one a German city named Vauban only have 70 percent of families owning cars while 57 percent sold their cars to move to Vauban. This new trend of no automobiles is said to lessen stress, reduce smog/ greenhouse emissions, and make cities more accessible. "America's love affair with its vehicles seem to be cooling" says source four.

Greenhouse edmissions wither away with the less cars that ride up and down streets. In Paris, the typical smog reaches to about "147 microgram of particulate matter per cubic meter" stated by source two. This makes it harder for traffic to see and causes an unsafe enviornment for walking. Paris was said to have banned half of cars one day and another half the other and the smog was cleared enough to rescind the no car rule. Greenhouse edmissions, like carbon, can cause acid rain, raises the temperature, and can clog up breathing pathways making it unsafe to go outside when the smog is strong. Carbon can be admitted through the fuel of cars. In France, over 50 percent of cars use diesel fuel which causes a greater amount of greenhouse gas edmission. If society can walk or ride bikes to work or school then the amount of automobiles needed will decrease. The lessening number of automobiles can help create a safer and healthier enviornment.

Not only is the 'no car' trend happening in Europe and developed countries but it is happening all around the world. Source three talks about Bogota, Colombia using a no car program. Once a year Colombia participates in a no car day. "Million of Colombians hiked, bikes, skates, or took busses to work". The ones that did not were given a 25 dollar fine. This day in Bogota has gotten so popular that people from other countries have traveled just to witness. The idea of no cars can improve city dynamics.  Bogota alone has built 118 miles of bycicle paths. The open area away from cars has created room to build parks and sport areas, restaurants, and shopping centers. While the revenue of cars are decreasing these new areas are increasing in revenue. If using no cars for a day can have this large of an impact in a developing country than it must create a big impact for developed countries.

Even though a no car program can be a huge benefit there are still people disagreeing. A growing crime rate can make it not be safe enough to walk or ride a bycicle to work. For some, work may be to far away to create a short enough walk or ride. Some places, like here in Florida, does not have a transit station close by. But even the idea of car-pooling can lessen the the use of cars. Picking up just a couple of friends on the way to work or school can lessen the amount of cars on the road. This can create less traffic and carbon emissions and is safer than walking or riding a bike alone. While some argue that the demand for cars has shrunk due the recession it can also be said that cars may not be the top priority. Source four states that between 2001 and 2009 the amount of young adults driving had decreased by 23 percent.

Wether your on your way to work, school, or practice it would be smart to find another way of transportation. If your new years resolution was to get fit and go to the gym, ride your bike or run to work. Bicycling and walking can create a healthier you. Cars have done more harm that good to the enviornment but it is not too late to change that. We can use places like France, Germany, and Colombia as a great example of a new way to change life. Lets do ourselves a favor and maybe pick up a buddy on the way to work, or ride a bike, take the train, or walk. Lets take part in the new trend of no automobiles.    