Did you know 4/5 people when asking for advice they ask more than 1 person to get different opinions? When we ask people for advice we tend to seek for more opinions to help us make a better choice. I will talk about why this could benefit your overall decision. For example, seeking for more opinions from a diverse selection of people could benefit you because it would give you a advantage to see pros and cons more and really do research on you major or simplistic decision, Also asking for more than one opinion would help because it would guide you to see who will support you through changes and who will not agree with them, Finally you would also have a better idea who to ask advice for for upcoming or later on major or tiny life decisions. In conclusion those reasons listed are beneficial when asking multiple people for advice.

One way that asking for more diverse opinions is beneficial is because it will show you a vast majority in pros and cons things that may be reasons for the decision but also showing the not so great differences. For example, when someone comes up to you and ask what they should do today you think of everyday activities but you think in depth of why they should do that activity for it may be exciting but draining in energy mapping in your head pros and cons. Another example on why asking more opinions from a large group is important in seeing pros and cons is because, you can envision the similarities in different situations like seeing pros and cons you also see similarities. Lastly, A reason why asking for more than one opinion is important is because you can compare unalike decisions and compare them to one another helping you to get a wider verity in decisions helping you to make the right one.

Secondly, Another reason on why it is very beneficial asking multiple people for advice is important is because it will indicate you the people who will support you through changes in appearance, attitude, etc. Initially going through changes can be hard even if they don't change a lot about you can still leave you venerable to a lot of self damage like insecurities. By asking people you will start to notice a lot or a little majority of people who asked my think of you differently as a person. Secondly, you start to see the people who would not support leaving you will the people who will stick by you through and decisions in life. Also you notice a lot of backlash from people and it may be harsh or may build you stronger but always your are left with the people who are unconditionally supportive of you. In conclusion, by asking a larger verity of people it would benefit you by making decisions is useful because it would guide you where your supportive resources are.

Lastly, A reason on why you should use the method of asking asking a large verity of people when it comes to advice is you would understand more who to turn to on decision making. An example of this all around the world written in books, religious books, themes in stories, and you may have been told this. But when you ask for an opinion on something a wise person would have told you the right thing because wise people have been through the same thing at a different point in life. By getting results by different people on opinions on what you should do may open your eyes and show you people that are open minded that have came across a struggle like you may be trying to overcome. For example, people seem to turn to god by preying. A lot of people may turn to nature to seek a opinion on a path to become happy or any emotion you want to feel. But also I have seen people turn to loved ones and old traditions. In conclusion, by seeking more then one opinion and basing your results on more opinion are helpful because they help you see who you can turn to for more advice in different period point struggles.

In conclusion, when we ask for advice we seek more than one opinion from different people. It may benefit in time because it would give you a advantage to see pros and cons more and really do research on you major or simplistic decision, Also asking for more than one opinion would help because it would guide you to see who will support you through changes and who will not agree with them, Finally you would also have a better idea who to ask advice for for upcoming or later on major or tiny life decisions. So in my opinion using the method of asking more people around you on advice for situations is ideal helping you make decisions that are right and may help you.