Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotion would be great for students in a classroom. I am going to give the most outstanding reasons and examples on why this would be excellent for students. Once, I am done you will be able to fully understand my point of view and how it would be great for students in a classroom. Also, be sure to notice the way I verifiy my answer for you to draw the same conclusion as I do. This technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom would be great. Well because it'll inform teachers on how a student feel about the work, notify if the students have things going own in personally life, and it would decrease the rate of students dropping out of school.

First, it'll inform teachers on how the student feel about the work. For example, "if you were to give the student work that they don't understand but wouldn't tell you". Due to the fact of having the computer reading the student expression you will be able to know and find out what is really going on with the student on the subject they are stuck on. Once, you notice that you will be able to help the student out on the things that they are stuck on. Then, the fact of you knowing things about the student revolve around the computer providing information.

Secondly, it would notify if the student is going through anything in their personal life because of the facial expressions that is being read. For example, "a student is getting beat at home very badly but choose not to let anyone know". Then there is the computer that will tell the teacher what is going on and why they are acting the way they do. The Facial Action Coding System will report that the students is holding something in and is showing fake emotions on how they are really feeling. In a way, this would means this type of technology would become literally a life saver. Well because something bad at home can really come to the light and better the student from the things they are going through.

Finally, it would decrease the rate of student dropping out of school. For example,"students that are likely to drop out are the ones who keep quiet about them not understanding something". Then, theres this type of technology where the truth about the students have no choice but to come out and recieve attention for the things that they are struggling on. This specific technology would inform teachers that the student is confused and needs help on the things that you are giving them. If you were to think about it, what is a better way to get the truth other than technology providing it for you.

In conclusion, Facial Action Coding System for students in a classroom is valuable. For informing teachers on how a student feel about the work that the student is given. Then, you can fully agree that this will notify if the student have things going on in thier personal life. Finally, you can conclude it would decrease the rate of students dropping out of school. So there you have it, why Facial Coding System is great technology to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom.                   