Imagine doing all your school work at home. I agree that students would benefit from attending classes at home, because they would not have to worry about teachers, kids, or stress. You feel a lot better when your at home, because that's where your love, trust, and joy is. Which is from your family. School can be challenging when you interact with people all day.

Going to a public school or private school can sometimes be stressful if you dont get along with a teacher , or you and the teacher don't agree. Because then if you and your teacher have a bad conflict, then even if your doing all your work in that class you can still get a bad grade just because he or she dont like you. Also at home , you work on your own pace and do not have to work at the teachers pace and on his or her time, and mainly get stuff done faster.

In reality today, if you do not have nice clothes, popular, or do not play sports then you will not fit in and that can be stressful to some kids that come to school everyday and have to worry about what someone is going to say to them. You can have a really smart kid but just because the school their at , and they don't want to come to school, it's taking away their future and the intellegiance they have. Kid's all the time pick on other kids and say stuff about them that starts drama. At home you wouldn't have to worry about anyone, you could just focus. So kids can be big dis tractors in school.

Stress might be the hardest thing to go through when your at school. At your house there would be so much less worry, and even if you were, your teacher would motivate you to do your work. At home you can take breaks and eat whenever. All your really doing is your work, so there's no way you could miss something or mess up. Plenty of time to do your work and study all day. Only thing you would stress about is.........., wait I forgot, there is nothing to stress about!!!!!!!!

So yes I agree that students would have success if they did their classes at home or online. Teachers are in general stressful. The reality of 2020 is if your wealthy you fit in, if your poor you don't. Stress affects a lot of people in different ways. Whether it's sports, grades, or friendships. If you need to do your work at home, there is nothing wrong with that, because people work in different ways. And it might help them get their work done, if they are doing school assignments at home. Do whats good for you and have pride in whatever you do.