Imagine life with little to no cars, think of all the sites that you will see because now you walk everywhere you go. Think of all the people you will meet along every corner, when you go to the mall, the grocery store, and on your way to a friend's house. You will notice and appreaciate things you haven't before, this idea is all thanks to a suburban town in VAUBAN, Germany. Now, we will be able to enjoy the sites of our surroundings and the people in it, produce less gas emissions, and a better outlook on the future.

"When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" said Heidrun Walter, a resient of VAUBAN, Germany. Getting rid of our cars may sound like a scary thought but in reality it can bring great things to us. When we stop bundling ourselves up in our automoblies we get to explore the world better, we get to touch and smell the things around us and appreaciate them. We advance our knowledge on the things and people around us because of walking to our daily commute or day off. We also meet new people, around every corner will be a new face, maybe they or you will ask for help and from there spark a friendship. You'll find a sea of people that have the same interest as you or don't but because we no longer rely on cars we are introduced to the world more and are truly exposed to the people and things in it, giving us a better understanding of where we live and all that it has to give to us.

Global warming, we hear about it a lot especially today where green house emissions are high, however, when we reduce the usage of cars the world, along with us benefit.

In Paris, after days of near- record pollution a partial driving ban was in order to "clear the air of the global city." "Four thousand driver were fined and twenty- seven people had their cars impounded for the reaction to the fine.", by Monday the smog had cleared enough and the French party rescinded the band for odd numbered plates on Tuesday. Meanwhile in BOTOGA, Colombia, it has been the third straight year that cars have been banned in the hope to promote alternative transportation and smog. This event has been so successful that "for the first time two other Colombian cities,Cali and Valledupar, joined the event." We all dream to live a long, happy life but in order to do so we need to treat our Earth right. When we reduce our usage of cars we can fulfill this dream.

"Parks and sport centers also have bloomed throught the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." Imagine living in a new nice community, better economy, and better health. With all the walking and biking everywhere we are faced with physical workouts, benefitting considering that America is considered the most obese nation. And with all the walking and biking, stores are made closer to walking distance instead of on a distant highway, bring in more consumers. Without cars there is less deaths due to them aswell. In result, we have a better look into the future then we might have if we didn't decide to get rid of cars.

In conclusion, getting rid of cars would benefit the world and the people in it entirely. We would we more aware of our surroundings and citizens, reduce global warming, and have a better future to look upon.    