There are many advantages and disadvantages of limiting car usage according to reading passages about limiting car usage. many people think that car usage doesn't need to be limited because everyone loves their car, but everyone loves their life also.

What I mean about everyone loves their life is that people fail to realize that cars are troublemakers, they cause alot of problems, and that is  pollution. Pollution from anything is very harmful especially  to the people who don't have transportation and they have to walk or ride a bicycle to their destination. In many states the usage of cars are banned and thats because their pollution rate is horrific. I mean who wants to live somehwere where you cant even walk your dog because of the pollution from the automobiles?

In Paris on Monday motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22- euro fine ($31). But the same would apply to odd-numbered plates the folowing day. Futhermore, in Paris almost 4,000 drivers were fined and Twenty-seven people had their car impounded for their reaction to the fine. Paris has more smog than any other European capital.

Did you think that Paris was the only country that has banned cars?, Well you thought wrong because Bogota, Colombia has banned cars for three straight years and only left with buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city of 7 million. Bogota, Colombia goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog violators face $25 fines. In 1990 The Days Without Cars is part of an improvement campaign that began to help decrease the essecive amount of smog or pollution. Since the help to decrese the amount of smog parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and they have built new resturants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.

After all I am here to say that many states are banning the usage of cars because they send off large amounts of pollution and pollution is a very harmful depris that can harm many people and it can cause sickness, and possibility death. If you are living or moving to a different state that bans car usage I strongly encourage you to let your car sit in the garage and look pretty because we are trying to save our people, plants, animals, and most important our communities.    