Why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? Driverless cars would creat problems in public transportation, have too many malfunctions, and need different traffic laws. They are trying to come up with new ways to get people to buy the driverless cars by making it fun. Driving is not suppose to be fun, driving is suppose to be safe.

To begin, driverless cars are being designed to be used as a transporation system. Today all forms of public transportation are driven by people. Those people are entrusted with the safety of their passengers. Having driverless cars as a form of public transportation would be unreliable and use more gas, because more people would need rides. Google cofounder Sergey Brin imagines less people buying cars and using the driverless publc transportation. This would put pedestrians in vehicals without a trusted driver. This is one reason why driverless cars are not beneficial.

Next, the driverless cars have had so many malfunctions. So far, driverless cars can only handle speeds up to 25 miles per hour, which is not even fast enough to driver in neighborhoods. The can steer, brake, and accelerate themselves, but need human skills for navigating. This means that the human driver must be completely alert at all times. Today, there are so many distractions already behind the wheel. These distractions, such as texting, would only increase if the car was doing most of the work. And while the driverless cars have many types of sensors, there is no guaruntee that they would pay attention fast enough to stop an accident.

Finally, driverless cars will need new traffic laws. Presently, traffic laws are written in the assupmtion that human drivers and in control at all times. Having the car in control would cause problems as to who was at fault. If the driverless car to malfunction, would it still be the owners fault? New laws would have to be made to cover liability and insurance for damage. Also new laws about getting licenses. All drivers education classes would have to be different and people that already have licenses would need to learn how to operate the new driverless cars.

In conclusion, driverless cars are not the answer. There are too many things that could go wrong even if the person in the vehical was 100 percent alert.    