Say you have a problem and your so confused on what to do and you asked your best friend but you feel like your unsatisfied with her answer well, maybe you can ask someone else. When you have a problem you usually would ask multiple people on what you should do. We do this so you can get a different point of view on something. When you ask several people on what you should do when you have problem it gives you a better idea on what the right thing to do is. This can be confusing though because someone might have a complete opposite answer as the other person you ask. When this happens it's good to find a middle ground on what would be the best thing to do. If you just ask one person for help on something or advice and they give you an answer sometimes you aren't happy with it or you need more, that's when it's good to ask maybe someone else.

Say that you needed help on a math homework question and you ask you mom and she tries to help but maybe the answer seems a little off. Then you remember you have a sibling that is closer to your grade and might have a better way of solving the math problem. This is a good way to help you be satisfied with your answer. You asked your mom which had a good way of solving you math problem but also you sister helped you find the answer. This way you feel more confident in your answer.

It's good to ask other people for advice on what to do because maybe one person of the three people you asked had experience in what your going through and would help you better because it happened to them also. Say someone in your friend group got mad at another friend of your and your stuck in the middle and you ask one of your friends for help but that has never happened to them and they really don't know what to say. So then maybe you can ask a family member like a cousin and the same thing happened to them she can help you more. If you have only asked that one person you probably would have not made a very smart decision but since you asked other people it was more helpful. Never be afraid to ask someone for help because you may never know in how many ways different people can help you in a situation.