Why we should use our phones while driving

Many may say that using cellphones while driving is dangerous and that the shouldn't be used while driving, but actually there are more pros than cons. You have apps now that let you use your phone while driving without actually touching your phone. Its pure fact that if not many but all teens that are in school and driving stress about school, life, etc. With students and people in general stressing, They may lead to hit and runs and cameras on phones can clearly help identify or capture the drivers or their licenses plate.

While many may complain about how driving while using your phone is dangerous and this and that, they probably have been living under a rock for the past couple of years because there has been this new feature that has been around for a couple years now it called ,hands-free feature. It lets you do about everything you would be capable of doing if you were actually touching and your phone. On the website "drivingschool. net", they stated that "a hands free mobile phone can minimize such issue, allowing driver to make calls without taking their eyes off the road or their hands off the wheel."

Hit and Run drivers do exist. On the website "newsroom. aaa. com" they claimed that," Hit-and-Runs deaths in the US have increased an average of 7.2 percent each year since 2009." The cameras on phones allow for drivers to take pictures of license plate numbers. In the past year its been reported that the percentage from 8% to 12% and those where from how many Hit-and-Runs where caught in only 2019.

Yes, although many people have stated that teenagers get distracted while driving due to their phones its also proven that using phones while driving driving may be beneficial. People love to complaining and talk about how teenagers get distracted while driving due to their phones but they always bring up the irresponsible one or the more reckless ones as an example. There are people that drive perfectly fine and are capable of using their phones that exist. Many people don't like bringing those type of people up because they want to make a point.

As i've been stating now this entire time, yes using your phone while driving may be beneficial but its also dangerous. So im not stating that you need to starting doing it always just when neccessary . Using your phone while driving may be useful but remember your safety comes first.

1            