Imagine you want to do your mom a birthday party but you dont know what to do in her birthday party,what would you do (a) ask multiple people for advice and throw a good birthday party or (b) dont ask people for advice and possibly throw a bad birthday party.

some people will choose (a) and some people will choose (b), but I would choose (a) because I think that asking people for advice is better so I will tell you

3 reasons why I think that asking people for advice is better.

The first reason on why I think that asking people for advice is important is because it helps people think before doing something. For example last year I wanted to buy a new video game but first I asked my friends if I should buy it,But some of my friends said yes and some of them said no so I heard all their reasons on why I should've gotten and the reasons on why I should'nt have gotten it. So I decided to get the video game because the people who told me not to get it gave me very little reasons on why I should'nt have gotten it and the people who told me to get it the game had a lot of reason on why I should've gotten it.

The second reason on why I think that asking people for advice is important is because it helps some people make better choices. For example last year I was going to fight a kid but i asked some people if I should do it and people told me not to do it because it is bad to fight and that it would go on my record if I fought and had gotten suspended and they also told me to work things out. So I decided to listen to the people who told me not to fight and because I decided not to fight the kid and work things out me and the kid that I wanted to fight became friends and we are still friends till this day.

The last reason on why I think that asking people for advice is important is because it can help the lives of other people. For example 3 years ago one of my cousins lost her pet and she was so hurt that she didn't want to eat or sleep at all and the only thing she did was cry or stay silent for hours. So when my aunt noticed how different my cousin was acting she gave her advice on how to deal with the loss of her pet and she told her that she should go talk to her counselors at school if she still felt bad. So my cousin went to her counselor and they talked to her about how to deal with the loss and they told her to stop thinking about her pet and do other stuff so she listened to her counselor advice and overcame the loss and now she tries not to think about her pet and is living a good life.

In conclusion I think that asking for advice is very important because all the times I have asked for advice it has helped me a lot in life and it helps a lot of people like what happened to my cousin, So I think more people around the world should ask for advice because it may help them and change them forever.