Have you ever heard the saying "I know what is best for you"? People say this when they're older than you because they have been on this earth longer than you. Although, this is'nt the right decision by just doing what they have done. Multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because everyone has different opinions, only you know what is best for you, and that one person's advice on things could not be fitting for you.

Its important to see all the opinions because everyone has different opinions on things. It is always good to have multiple people to ask for advice from. By doing this you can notice what they have done wrong and what you can build upon them. For example when I was younger my parents made me play lacrosse, because my brother was playing it and was enjoying a lot. In future years my dad was starting to train me in soccer and got me on a travel soccer team. This time I was playing both and it was just to much for me to handle. Since my mom was wanting me to play lacrosse and my dad was saying I should continue on with soccer. I finally made a decision by myself and to keep on playing soccer instead of lacrosse. I had made this choice over which sport I loved more and If my dad had not made me try out soccer. I would not be playing the sport I truly love to this day.

Whatever the things people will tell you to do, the only person who knows what is best for you is yourself. If people made decisions in your life then how would it really be your life. The right to chose things that you want to do in your life Is what makes life the best. This is important to know because that one person who thinks its the right thing for you and was the right advice for them does not mean its going to be the best advice for you. Having many peoples advice is always better than one persons because of the fact that, if you are only seeing the one persons advice than you are going to see that side of it and that side only. When I was talking to my teachers the other day for the classes I am taking next year they both pretty much said I will be fine for all honors. The advice they both gave me about high school was so much better the only one of them saying it to me. Have more people give you more advice than less to make the decision you make much easier.

Both of my parents have made me notice that I am not always going to be right and no one will ever be, but they also said that "as parents we will make you do somethings but not all things you do we are going to tell you to do". This shows that one persons advice will not always help you in how you want it to. For example a sixty year old persons advice is probably much different than someone that is my age. This could affect a lot advice they give you and how they did things in their time instead of modern day. This means it is always best to see the advice everyone gives you and with that advice you make the choice that you think is best for you.

In the beginning of this prompt I asked if you have ever heard the saying "I know what is best for you". Instead of hearing this it would be much more pleasing to get a "we can make this decision together" or "I will help you find out what you want to do", from your parents. If you could chose 1 or 10 people to help you get out of a problem you're in, it would be 10. This is because multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because everyone has different opinions, only you know what is best for you, and that one persons advice on things could not be fitting for you.         