students who take an online classes do not have much benefits because, they feel lazy to study on their own, sometimes do not their assignments and also do not have people they will be compete with. They also do not have much confident to speak with lots of people or give a speech in front of many people, which makes someone who attends an everyday class with a lot of people to be experienced than a person who takes an online class. people with much experience in a lot of things do not always have fake people in their lives.

People always think that taking an online class is very good, which is totally wrong. When taking online classes you do not get to know the people who are performing much better than you in class, but when you go to an everyday class in a school, you know the people who are better than you in different subjects. When you take an online class you do not get people who will help you solve your problems in much courses; for example, when you take an online class and you fail in a subject you would not know those who performed good in that subject, that means that you will not know how to study hard to perform good next time. Online students always find it difficult to study because, they do not see their mates in school learning which will also encourage them to that same thing. This means that taking an online classes will not be advisable for students.

Also when taking an online class, you do not get to interact with different kind of people through out the world. People who take an online class do not always have the confident to speak in public and do not always have lot of friends. Having friends is one of the important things in our life. When you have friends you share each others problems and solve it together. This means that when you take an online class you do not always have enough friends to speak to or to share your problems with. For instance,when you are given the opportunity to give a speech in front of a lot of people, you begin to shiver or start stammering because you are not use to speaking in public. but when a person who attends classes which involves a lot of individuals, they always have the confident not to only speak in front of their mates but to also speak to those who are much older than them without any fears.

Moreover, people who always involve themselves in a video conference do not always know the people their dealing with in their business or do not always have much idea about their business meeting. When one is present at work place all the time, he or she runs the business smoothly without any misunderstanding with anybody. Again when having a business with someone on a video conference, you do not know if the person you are dealing with is a fraud a fraud or not. So people who do an online businesses always end up putting themselves into trouble. When one is always present at their business places, they always know the people who are hard working and can make the business go much further and those who are lazy. When you are always at your work place,you make your members to respect and adopt your policies.

People who take online classes do not understand much better because, the teacher is not always around them when they need help with the topic that they not understand. But hen you are in an everyday school classes, when a teacher always teach and you do not understand you always know where to locate him to ask for help. Even when the teacher is not around, you can find different teachers who also teaches that subject and they will always find a solution to your problem. So students who attend an everyday classes perform much better than those who take an online classes.

All the above mentioned, which includes, it makes them interact with different people, find a lot of friends, get to know good people in a business, ask teachers for help when they have a problem really shows that taking an online class or a video conference is not really beneficial for an individual. Once all these measures are taken into consideration, people will see that going to an everyday class or making yourself present at a business meeting is more important to a person.