Some schools nowadays offer distance learning classes or classes that you can take at home which some people think could be revolutionary. I believe that the distance learning opportunities for students will actually hinder the students ability to learn as much as they could in a real school scenario. Attending classes at home gives the student more freedom, like learning at their own pace, but his freedom could be a good thing and also a bad thing. Taking classes at home does not benefit the students because it creates more opportunities to cheat on their work, it limits their social interaction with other people, and at home classes dont have the benefit of a teacher directly helping you in person.

If a student were to take a class at home in their own room, there is no one stopping them from just searching up the answers. When students are doing work that they dont feel like doing or its too hard, some result to cheating. Cheating could be asking a friend for the answers, searching the answers up online, or just straight up copying from the internet. And if a student is given more freedom by taking classes at home, this opens up even more opportunities because they dont have to hide their cheating, the student just could be doing schoolwork or an at home test with an electronic device sitting right next to them. Some would say to trust the honesty of the student, but if the student has the chance to get a better grade on an assignment by cheating with no chance of getting caught, I believe the student will take that chance. I have seen experiences like this when a teacher gives a take home test, and when its due every student shows up with the same answers. Allowing students to do important work at home is also unfair because of how many more resources that an at home student would have compared to a student taking the class in school. The distance learning option for students will hinder their learning because it allows them to non-honestly complete their work, meaning that they wont really be learning anything.

Distance learning also doesnt benefit the student for future life by limiting their social interactions. A student that doesnt go to regular school and just takes online classes wont even have the opportunity to meet new people in their classes or make new friends at the lunch table. In my experiences kids that take a lot of online classes or are home schooled often join a sports team because that way they have some method of meeting new people and making friends. Kids need social interaction in order to prepare them for the future, high school classes where the teacher makes you do a introduction in front of the whole class might be embarrassing, but it opens you up to not being scared in front of a large group of people. High school is supposed to prepare you for college, in which some colleges make it mandatory for freshmen to live in the dorms, so if you took online classes throughout high school and now your faced with 10 times the amount of people that were in your high school it can overwhelming. There is also the factor of working in groups, which is something a job might require, working at home by yourself doesnt prepare you for that or even have opportunities like that. Even still in high school group projects help everyone succeed by learning from each other and getting new ideas from your interactions with your peers. Attending online or at home classes wont prepare you for the future because you wont have as much social interaction with other people which is a key factor in growing up and becoming an adult.

Some online classes will teach you by having a pre-made video of the teacher going over the material or even just a power point with the information, and that does not benefit the student at all. Students need to be engaged in their learning if they want to do good, so this means asking questions and getting help from the teacher. If the video is pre-made the student cant ask any questions about the subject to the teacher because they dont have a real teacher. This greatly hinders the learning ability for the student as all they can do is hope that they understand the material and watch the video or go through the slides. When a teacher is teaching and I dont understand something I dont raise my hand while shes still teaching but I wait for the 1 on 1 help because that is what I can learn from the most. If you are at home you dont have that opportunity to ask all those questions or to get direct 1 on 1 help from the teacher. Being in person and hearing someone explain something to you is way easier then hearing it over a laptop or computer, in person the teacher can uniquely explain something just to you. Like in math, having a teacher write on your paper and point out the mistakes that you made is really helpful, but without having a direct teaching scenario that cant happen. Having a teacher directly next to you rather than over a screen will benefit you way more.

Taking a lot of online classes during high school will actually hurt you more than it helps you. Attending classes from home doesnt benefit you because it will allow students not to do work based off their own merit(cheating), it doesnt prepare you for future social interactions, and there is no direct teaching from a teacher in online classes. When you at home taking class by yourself no one is their to stop you from cheating, which will hinder your learning. No social interaction will not prepare you for your future life like college. Direct teaching, like in person teaching, is the most beneficial for a student, but with online classes you dont get that. Some people might say that online classes allow you to work at your own pace or students are more comfortable at home, which is true, but that also allows for laziness. In conclusion schools offering distance learning for students is actually not beneficial for the student.