When it comes to asking for advice, having more than one opinion is always helpful because, everyone is different and unique, not everyone has your best interest in mind, and because its an opportunity to hear new ideas that you might not have thought of before.

To start off, having multiple opinions is always good because society is so diverse nowadays, meaning that everyone is different. For example, some people are more knowledgeable in certain fields than others might be. If you were to ask a dietitian what you could do to lose weight, they'd more than likely know more about the topic than the sibling of your childhood friend.

Similarly, everyone has had different experiences in life. You wouldn't be able to ask a child what paying taxes is like, or, for that matter, what it feels like to purchase your first house. This is because they haven't had the same experiences as an adult might.

Another thing to take into consideration is that everyone has different views on life, because, as stated, society is so diverse now, everyone comes from a different religion, or has had different upbringings, thus, they have different opinions. This is a good thing because if everyone all had the same opinions and views on life, asking for advice would be pointless to begin with as you'd get the same answer over and over again.

Secondly, not everyone has your best interest in mind. Unfortunately, not everyone is a good influence. If you were to ask someone for advice on how to quit smoking, maybe asking an addict isn't the best idea, instead, you should go to someone who has fully recovered, as they'd better influence you.

Something else you should keep in mind is jealousy. Jealousy can persuade people into saying some nasty things that they may not exactly mean. You shouldn't ever let anyone else put you down for something that you feel is right.

Although there is a lot of good in the world, there will always be some people who want you to fail in life. It's important to not let hurtful opinions get to you, and its best to listen to the ones who are helping you strive for success. Learning to let go of toxic relationships is a good skill to learn, and one you should hold onto for a lifetime.

Another thing you should consider is that multiple opinions means more ideas! When you put two heads together, you can come up with more ideas than just one would be able to. Something that comes with more ideas are more things to consider, and more things to consider means you have that many more opportunities to find the best option for you.

Finally, an important thing to consider is that asking multiple people for advice can teach you how to ask for help, and how to accept the opinions of others and learn from it. Knowing how to ask for help is important, as not everyone can do everything all by themselves.

To sum it up, seeking multiple opinions is important when asking for advice because everyone is different, not everyone is a good influence, and because it means you get to hear new ideas.