The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" has made their article over the progress of studies done on Venus, the "Evening Star" of our skies. They collected research and human planetary exploration of our solar system, and I'll be going over claims and their ideas of just how passionately they support their ideas of studying Venus despite dangers.

My evaluation of the successful writings the author had written is crucially on how they told about the difficulty of the mission would be on Venus, seeing as they inform us the tempatures on the planet average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, with atmospheric pressures there being a startling 90 times greater amount than our planet, and with all this there is little knowledge about what makes up the ground, water or gas of the planet. And with all the probes we've sent last only a few hours each within each landing. On our way to finding a way to overcome these challenges we found discoveries made on the way about future planet explorations that could someday be made by humans on Venus itself.

The author wrote that current discoveries made by scientists show that Venus also had a past of preserving life on its planet, and even having geological landscape features similiar to Earth. The planet's orbit provide nearby space travel making it a possible and easy route for planetary visits, which is crucial seeing how long space travel can take with our current modifications and technology. The article's author then backs this up on NASA's critical ideas and discoveries for sending humans to Venus for studies.

A solution the researchers have proposed for tells of a floating or a blimp transportation vehicle capable of carrying people over the potential dangerous landscape and acidic clouds for closer examination of the planet around 30 miles up in the air. Despite the distance, they would still be in 170 degrees Fahrenheit weather, with pressures close to sea-levels like on Earth, but solar power generation would be easy to obtain, and radiation levels are equal to the safe places of Earth's. Meaning for a difficult, but survivable enviroment for us humans to be in.

As invigorating as that may seem, They then tell on how undeveloped the idea still is, seeing as hovering over 30 miles would definitely avoid dangerous conditions, but also samples and direct contact with critical minerals and materials that could be discovered from below would make studies on the planet not as plentiful as it could be. Leaving options for a need to find ways for a closer, but riskier challenges to get the samples and materials they would need to make far by more accurate studies with the planet Venus.

They go on to tell us about machines capable of withstanding the tempatures capable of melting tin, which would be dire against tablets and cell phones we have on Earth, and how machines we've had designed in 1800's could survive with some modifications, or silicon carbide simplified electronics have been made to withstand the heat and acidic conditions.

I conclude my essay with the standpoint that the author successfully drew in readers, and did an incredible job of telling us the usefulness of missions to Venus would be if we could potentially land humans to explore the planet, and where the studies could take us as an intelligent species.