Have you ever asked for advice or opinions from a variety people? I know I always ask a multiple people for advice. I get opinions and advice from my friends and family on many different things like outfits and school. Asking for multiple people's advice is often the best choice because you then have multiple perspectives, honest opinions, and you can go off on what the majority of people say.

The first reason asking a variety of people for their advice could be that you would receive multiple perspectives. For instance you will get different opinions from each person you ask advice from. They'll tell you what they think you should fix or do and they can also help you decide on something and how to get through obstacles. An example of getting multiple perspectives could be that your struggling to tell if an outfit looks good, so you send a picture to your friends asking what they think and then they give their opinions.

The second reason asking multiple people for their advice is for their honest opinions. When you ask for advice people are almost always going to tell you exactly what they think. Therefore people will help you to not make a fool of yourself, and tell you their opinion on whether something is good or not and if they believe what your doing or about to do is the right choice. An example of honest opinions is, your debating whether you should skip class or not, so you ask your two friends and while one says yes the other tells you not to and explains why its bad to skip.

The final reason asking others for their advice is the best choice is because you base your final decision off of the majority of what people say. Majority is useful when asking for advice from a group of people because it helps you have a clearer image of what you need to do and it helps you see how many people stated the same or different opinion. For example if you have 3 friends and you ask them all what color shirt you should wear and two of them say blue and one says pink, your going to go with the blue shirt because more people advised that you wear the blue shirt.

In conclusion, asking a variety of people for their advice is better because it helps you get honest opinions, multiple perspectives, and a final decision based off of the majority of what people say. People should always ask for advice because it helps take off pressure and it can help them to live a calmer and more sure life. Sometimes people try to do things all by themselves but in reality if they just ask for help or a little bit of advice from others they can save themselves from some stress and anxiety. It's also nice to ask others for their opinions because it makes them feel like you care about what they have to say. So therefore asking advice from a variety of people is the best decision.