Summer assignments are never fun and many students can agree with that statement. Even though they are beneficial to continue your learning throughout your break. Summer assignments should be designed by the teachers of the course due to the fact that they are familiar with the curriculum, they understand what is needed to be tested on throughout the course, and the teacher knows what the students are capable of doing.

Teachers are familiar with the curriculum and know what needs to be on your assignment to ensure that you are successful in the class. The teachers have learned that topic and are experts on the subject. Going to a college and receiving a higher education in a certain topic makes the professor best fit to decide what you should learn during your break off from school. For example in a AP Human Geography class the summer assignment was to fill in maps of the world and fill out chapter guides for the first two units. In doing this the students became familiar with the content which makes them more likely to receive a higher grade and a better understanding of the unit. This proves that when the teacher designs the assignment they are leading you to become more familiar and successful in your learning.

Teachers know what is being tested in a course and what is expected for the student to know. Teachers have to teach certain things to the students while following a guideline. This tells the teacher what the student should know by the end of the year. By giving the students a summer assignment that lets them be ahead and know certain topic then it benefits the students and makes them receive a better understanding of the curriculum. In most courses there are online resources that allow the teacher to know what should be taught by the end of the year and what should be taught in a certain state. This helps the teacher decide what the summer assignments should be. Some students may think that a student-designed assignment would be easier and more beneficial. This is incorrect due to the fact that the students aren't familiar with the subject or what needs to be taught. The students also aren't responsible enough to decide what needs to be learned over their break.

Teacher understand the students position since they were all in the same place at a certain point in time, therefore they will assign what they know the student is capable of doing without overwhelming them. The teacher will give the student a doable amount of work that will benefit them without stressing and overwhelming them. A teacher that taught AP Human Geo at a high school understood that students wanted a break from school and they didn't want to do useless work that wouldn't help them. Therefore he gave them a good amount of work that they could finish and learn from.

Summer assignments should be teacher-designed due to the fact that teachers understand the students and understand the curriculum so they can balance an assignment that benefits the students. Teachers are more familiar with the subject and know what the students will be tested on, therefore the assignments will have a good purpose. Teachers should make the assignments because they are experts on the topics and have the students interests at heart so they can help them.