I do not belive that self driven cars are the are a good alternative, or that they would save lifes. They are not able to react to new or unforseen senarios, they would cause people to become comfortable and be unprepared in the case of a problem. People will overall become worse driverse and be more werried and more likely to panick in case of a siguation needing their atention manifesting it self. In adition a car is an item some people hold very closely and injoy driving, these people will likely resist driverless cars, making for an uncomfertable mix of the two. For these reasons it is my beleif that driverless cars are not the future and will in no way benifit society.

The driverless cars produced so far require humans to take over in siduations such as backing in and out of driveways, the visinity around ancidents, and unforseen complications. Right now these cars are only able to handle low speeds around 25 mph, and relly heavely on human intervention. Perhaps the greatest problem is the expence, the equitment is heavy expencive and likely requires constant revisions to the design as knew flaws are revealed, as well as constant repair. To add to that any accidents that do accore will can not be blamed on human error, so any manufactorer would have many additional expenses in court, not to mension how many laws must be changed in order to make any of this posible. Any human driver would have to remain alert at all time to make sore that the car is making no error, but seeing the miles go by any driver would be luld into a fake sence of confort and reliability.

In conclusion, through expences and through the impracticality of the entire concept this is an idea unlikely to make it to the market. People would blame any misshap on the unsentiant driver, and they would be very hard to rebuke which in adition to the manufactoring cost would make this undoable for most manufactering componies do to the cost alone. Laws woud need to change,people would become worse drivers, and would be unprepared for taking over. The most difficult parts of driving would be left for the humans. This idea is intreging but it is as many ideas are, impracticle, and very, very expensive.                  