During break, most students usually don't recieve summer projects. There is typically one class that requires a project must be done to prepare for the next school year and help retain the information that has already been learned. However, most summer projects are teacher-designed with different choices of projects to do, but some students want their projects to be student-designed so that they can choose how they do their project. Teacher-designed projects are beneficial because it focuses students on the information they will need for the next year, it helps students with project ideas that are already given, and it helps shows that the student understands the information they have already learned.

During the school year, projects are typically focused on a specific unit or lesson. While summer projects capture majority of the school year in one project. With teacher-designed projects, the teachers can decide which units their students will base their projects on. Teachers can also decide whether they want the project to be very specfic on a certain unit or if they want the project to be about a handful of different unit that will eventually relate to each other. This will overall benefit the student because it will help them retain the most important information from the year.

Another reason the project should be teacher-designed is because it helps students with project ideas. Teacher-desgined projects have rubrics or guidelines that should be followed to do the project correctly. Sometimes the rubrics will give examples of how the teacher wants the project to look in order for it to be done correctly. With the guidelines, it helps give the student a start into forming their project and gives them ideas on how it should look. Without guidlines or rubrics, some students might have trouble thinking of ways to do their project. The rubrics and project ideas are beneficial because it helps students understand what their teacher is looking for in the project and will help them get an idea of how to constuct their project.

A final reason for teacher-designed projects is because it shows students understand the information that they learned over the year. Summer projects help students retain the information they learned but it also shows whether or not they understood what they learned. For example, taking a different language class, they typically give summer projects to help with the next school year but it also helps the teacher to see if the student still needs work on certain topics or if the student understands it well enough. The topic required by the summer project will also give the students more time in the summer to learn more information and prepare them for the next year. If summer projects, it will give the student more time to understand the topic and better themselves in the information about the topic.

Teacher-designed projects overall are beneficial because it helps the student prepare for the next year, it helps them retain the information in the summer, it also gives them a little more time to learn topics that are important for the next school year. Teacher-designed projects will help benefit the student in many ways and help them be better for the next school year. 