A thick Atmosphere containing 97% carbon dioxide, Venus is a dangerous planet. It's extremely high pressures and dangerouly scorching surface, it is beyond comparison to Earth's environment. Although its proximity to us is closer than that of mars, its reputation precedes it as a challenging planet. Despite the dangers, Venus is a worthy pursuit because it was once an Earth-like planet in our solar system.

To start off with, it's geographic features are similar to that of Earth. In the article, on paragraph 4, it says, " Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various life forms." On paragraph 4, further down, it says, " The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and inlcudes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." Based on these two evidence, Venus's features; which once included rocks and oceans, can be found on Earth.

Next, the technologies provided by Sophisticated Organizations and companies can help through the exploration process. On parargraph 5, it says, " NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions...would allow scientists to float above the fray." As we move further down the paragraph, it says," Solar power would be plentiful and radiation would not exceed Earth levels." From these two evidence, NASA's solution can be benefical because the explorers wouldn't be exposed to the surface; they can avoid the unfriendly conditions, and they can gain acess to the solar power needed to power the machine, it's a win-win.

Then finally, the studying process. On paragraph 7, it says, "

Some simplied electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber stimulating the chaos of Venu's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditons." From the same paragraph, it says, " Systems that use mechanical parts can be more resistent to the pressure, heat, an other forces." From the simplied electronics to the mechanical parts; which both have been proven useful in the conditions of venus, can be used to collect data. the mechanical parts won't melt and 3 weeks for resisting the conditions is extremely useful, these are the solutions that can be used o study Venus.

To end this essay, Venus is worthy due to the similarities it posesses. From all those planets, it was Venus's proximity and it's features that are analogous to that of Earth. Scientists can learn what happened to Venus through the technologies given. These technological solutions provides safe ways to travel and to collect data from Venus. Despite the dangers, it is the only planet that was Earth-like, it's time frame for space travel is much less than that of Mars. This is an opportunity of the time,

and the author is trying to inform us that we should take the opportunity and explore. We have the technology, we know that venus is close to us, and the fact that it was once a twin of Earth, that's fascinatiing. Aren't you curious to find out what happened to Venus?