Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I am a student at your school currently and I've noticed that many students do not do much community service. I myself do not do much either, but I think there are ways that you and other's in our school can help the community.

I am not promoting that students have mandatory community service, I would just like it if you promote community service. What I am trying to get across is, have fundraiser's in school or allow speakers to come in to show what we can do. Many students believe that community service is a waste of their time. By forcing them to do community service, they will feel even less obliged to do so. Allowing kids to see what is going on in the world will allow them to think of how they can help.

One example of promoting community service is having a public speaker come in. Someone who has worked to help the community already. Students will know that the person has done community service and knows what it's like. Students can relate to that person. Also, the person will persuade my fellow students to help the less fortunate or just the community.

Another example of promoting community service would be having fundraiser's in school. Gathering can's food for those who don't have any. Go to a nearby shelter and entertain the people there whom are less fortunate.

If you do these things, or things along these lines I can guarantee that more students will be participating in community activities. As I said earlier, many students believe community service is a waste of time. Most of those students spend their weekends sitting in front of a television screen. I admit that I do that to over some weekends, but showing kids that they can make a difference will give them the ability to get off the couch and go help the community. There will be a significantly larger amount of kids that help the community. Though it may not be a significant amount of help, it's better than no help.

These are my views on how we should deal with students and community service. I hope you at least take them into consideration. Promoting community service will be very helpful, and it can also help students get into better schools in the future.

Sincerely,

Student