Venus is a very dangerous planet and has harsh storms, earthquakes, and a bad atmosphere. But despite all that, the studying of venus is more important than worrying about the dangers that lurk there. In the article "The Challenge of

Exploring Venus" the author also supports this claim pretty well.

In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. He explains that Venus has very harsh conditions that you couldn't live there or even land there without surviving for only a few hours. It has a thick atmosphere of almost 97 % Carbon Dioxide, there are clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere, and the planet's surface temperatures average over 800 degrees. They even say such conditions could crush a submarine or melt any metal.

However despite all that information I just gave you, the author still thanks it's important that we study Venus in the future. He goes on to say " why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface?", and then explains that astronomers are facinated by venus because it may well once have been the Earth-like planet in our solar system. The author suggests that Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. He even states " Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth.

The author gose on to say, "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." "Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. The value of returning to Venus seems indisputable, but what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive?".

He begins to say that NASA has an idea for sending Humans to study Venus. It would allow scientist to float above the scorching ground and just hover in the air.

Finally in the last paragraph of this article really shows how much he thinks that studying venus is more than important than worrying about the dangers of the planet. The author states " striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavours. Out travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation".

In conclusion the author supports his opinion on studying Venus is more important than worrying about dangers. He supports this opinion by stating that venus is a crazy planet but still says why we should explore. He even says Venus could've been most Earh-like planet out there, and earth still has similar features.