I personally do not agree with the usage of a cellular device while operating a motor vehicle. Although some believe that a cellular device is perfectly fine to use while driving, They are far from right. It has resulted in many fatalities all across the nation and is illegal in some states. Using a cellular device while driving is not only a risk for your own well being, but those around you as well.

If you're ever at a stop light and you look around, most likely somebody is on their phone. While driving you should have complete focus on the road at all times. A cellular device takes all of your focus off the road, now making you a distracted and therefore, a dangerous driver.

My Uncle used to operate his phone while driving, in result, one morning on his way to work, he was in a car accident. Thankfully nobody was hurt and the damage to his vehicle was reparable. You may think, that will never happen to me, well an accident can happen to anybody, any time, and anywhere. He could have seriously hurt himself or another person. Distracted driving is not a joke, and it should be taken seriously. When you get behind the wheel you are automatically putting your life along with the others in the car and on the road with you at risk. Do you want to be responsible for taking another person's life, another human being like your or me?

Let's say you have an accident while sending a text. The other person may have been hurt or perhaps killed. You are at fault. If the accident resulted in death, you're going to face jail time because that's considered manslaughter. If you just hit them, you're paying for their vehicle and medical bill, not to mention your insurance rate is going to skyrocket. Is all of that worth sending a quick text? Risking the lives of the men, women, and children around you and in your community?

Allowing yourself to be a distracted driver not only shows your disregard for others but also shows the lack of self control you posses with technology. I believe cell phones have become an addiction. Many people can't live without them and are constantly on them. Cell phones have become more and more convenient and connected to the world. It can sometimes be hard to accept the fact that it is not a necessity to have on at all times. There are plenty of excuses that people often use. But there is bluetooth in many newer model cars, and bluetooth headsets, which is still no excuse.

Some excuses may be, my mom is sick, I was checking on a family member, I was calling into work, etc... Many people take advantage of those so called,"excuses". If you need to use the phone that badly, pull over and make the call. Don't risk the lives of others to call your best friend and tell her about your day. Being a distracted driver isn't okay and it isn't cool. Using a cell phone while driving is illegal in the state of Georgia, yet people do it anyways. Nothing is more important than your own life, or others. So as a result, I do believe that using a cellular device while operating a motor vehicle should be prohibited by law.   