The develpoement of driverless cars is unrealistic to me in many different ways. Due to the fact that just one car will need an incredible amount of technology to keep the car itself as safe as possible means that the car will be overly priced. Not only will It be over priced, but the fact that people are going through so much money to make a car that is able to be on "auto pilot" shows laziness.

A brand new, average car could cost to about 20,000 dollars. When they add on technology to ensure the saftey of the driver and everyone in the car, the prices of cars will become too expensive for most people, "For starters, they need a whole lot of sensors. Google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mountes near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an interial motion sensor." People will begin to realize that it would only be avaliabe to wealthier people who can pay for an extremly expensive car that will only benifit them in one way. Them being able to have transportation of their own that they do not have to control means that they would more than likely not be paying attention to the road.

The idea of having a vehicle that you do not have to manage while on the roads sounds amazing to everyone. What happens when one or two of the sensors corrupt and the car steers off into the other lane? What if the motion sensor malfunctions while backing out of a driveway and a pedestrian is taking a jog and doesn't see the car backing out? There is no way that the driverless car could be 100% safe at all times. It dangerous to even think about how the car could have a mind of its own while on the highway,"If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault--- the driver or the manufacturer?"

Transporting from place to place withought having to put your foot on the gas or making sure you remember to put on your turning signals sounds like a great and easy way to go places. Once the driverless car has been out for years and people begin to start using them often, the commubity will get lazy and irresponsible. No one will ever think they will have to drive themselves because they think that the cars will last forever and that they will just get better from the start, Theyre, wrong. The car could end having difficulties after a few years and they will shut down the production of the cars and people will be too lazy to drive themselces around. People will end up being dependent on the cars to do all of the "hard work" for them.

In essence, the develpomement of driverless cars is unreliable and should not be procceded with. The technology will raise the prices of the cars and make it impossible to purchase without a problem, it's too much of a risk for wrecks to happen due to failing sensors, and people will begin to rely on the car after awhile. Put an end to driverless cars and lets just stick with the ones we have now.  