Asking more than one person for advise can be goo because, everyone has different thoughts and experiences so different answers from different people will help with whatever you need advice about.

Even if the person dose not completely agree with you.

Firstly, When making a choice you have to pick between two different things.

Most of the time its a rather hard decision. picking one thing is never easy so as a human you ask someone else for there opinion or advice.

They may have a different opinion or maybe even the same but you may not completely trust just one opinion so you ask another person what they think.

After, asking another person for their advice which may help you to come to a conclusion an make a decision based off of what you were told and what you think is best.

Asking for advise could be for better of for worse, maybe even something as simple as what shirt matches your pants the best. Weither the problem is big or small you can always ask for advise.

Second, Look at it like this, lets say you ask your mom for advise about a boy an then you ask your best friend.

Obviously their both going to think different things you mom isnt going to want to see you get your heart broken and your best friend is going to want whats best for you. They both might think the same thing which would help you realize that maybe that boy isnt to good for you.

If their opinions are different then you might want to ask third person to break the tie or just take the first advise you get and move on.

Lastly, Some people may prefer their own opinion or advise in some situations.

Not all decisions can be made alone someone needs help at some point. They may think they make better choices when they make them alone also not all problems need help and can be solved alone. Then again, some people do work better when they are alone. Asking multiple opinions can be helpful or just plain out pointless. If the person you ask for advise thinks the same thing as you then it was point less to even bring them into something that couldÃ‚Â´ve been solved your self.

Asking another person may just bring up your confidence because they have the same opinion as you do, if they disagree it could make you think, Ã‚Â¨am I making the right decisionÃ‚Â¨.

In conclusion, Making a decision can be hard and confusing an you may not always need advise. Asking another person for advice that you just cant make a decision on can benefit yo or be pointless and help at the same time.

Making confidence go up that you made the right decision or someone dis agreeing with you either way it helps you come to a decision easier.