The principal decides that he wants to make kids join extra curricular's, I do not agree with this because,

the principal should not "force" kids to join or do any activity. Kids should have their own choice whether they want to join or not, and they should be able to have a variety and enjoy it.

Firstly, kids want to be able to enjoy school, they want to have fun.

But if the principal agrees to go on with his plan , has he thought about what the kids want?

If a kid wants to have a certain activity in play, but that certain activity isn't available, what can he do?

Schools don't really provide much of a choice to choose from, kids want to have a wide variety of options, but with the same topics over, and over it's going to be less interesting.

"Soccer, yearbook , photography, art, football, cheer, and study hall" , these are the same one's that an average person would usually hear for their choices of activities.

But what if they want more, what if they want more options, and choices?

There would be no point in joining something if they weren't happy about it, they would want to have fun and enjoy what they would be doing, they wouldn't want to waste their time doing nothing.

If kids are enjoying something, they tend to become more euphoric.

If being happy makes them enjoy the subject that they are doing, then this will encourage them to keep on doing the activity.

While we encourage kids to do more, we are teaching them new skills as well.

Also, as adult, and as kids. Shouldn't we be able to make our own decisions and be more independent with ourselves?

An adult of any matter should not force kids to do something that they might not want to do, even if they have the advantage of being older.

Kids want to be more independent in life, they should have the freedom to do specific things.

They have already started to make their own life choices by joining other activities such as , sports, and more.

But why would someone take the time to just, make them do something that they wouldn't want to do.?

Kids should be able to hold accountability for their choices that they make, and they should be able to have the power to make them. But if the adults are constantly making the decision for them, when are they ever going to learn to choose for themselves?

Although the principal is not making them do a certain club, or program, he is still making them join an activity.

If a kid does not want to join the activities , what can the kid do about it? He can't complain and get away with not joining, it would be unfair to the other kids who have participated. As we grow up we learn to be more dependent on ourselves, being able to say yes, or no, to a certain thing would let us have more responsibility. Its what we're supposed to do, we are supposed to be more reliant on ourselves.

But if we are constantly being shut down by an adult, we cannot have the power to make our own choices.

Although there are other opinions, and other reasons as to why I disagreed, these two arguments are the main one's I have chosen. 