limiting car usage is an advantage for many reasons, for example, the pollution will become less of a problem, people will be less tense, and we will be devoid of traffis jams, which means less car accidents. To me cars are just something to get you to point A to B, but now that I have read these articles I  realize that cars are alot wrose for the enviroment then i thought, and that i should try using of ways of transportation.

In the passage it states "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." The pollution was out of control and for the most part it was because of the huge amount of car usage. The effect of banning car usage was resulting in an amazing outcome, less pollution, which is healthier for the commuitty. The advantage of limiting car usage can effect a whole commuitty and one way is less pollution. Bogota, Colombia had the same idea but they were not banning the car usage they have one day called the car-free day to show that its an advantage not to use cars all the time.

Limiting car usage can even make you less tense, as said in the article," "When I had a car I was always tense. Im much happier this way,"said Heidrum Walter, a media trainerand mother of two, as she walker verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering childern drown out the occasional distant motor." Everything is better when car usage is limited it, makes you less tense and less pollution." " Its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife."

When there is less cars on the road there is less possiblity of car accidents or traffic jams." ... leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams." During the one day of no car usage, the streets were left of no traffic jams or accidents. The world is a better place with limited car usage. " Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up."

To conclude, the limited car usage is a great way to reduce the amount of pollution, become less tense , and creat less possibility to have car accidents or road jams. After reading these article I have realized that taking othe transportations like bicycle or on foot could have huge impacts on the enviroment and my own well being.               