Did you know that eight out of ten people ask for help and get the right answer. Also did you know that over half of students in the world do not ask for help, therefore, they do bad in school. Today my friend and I were arguing about if its better to ask for other peopleÃ‚Â´s opinions or not, and he said itÃ‚Â´s not because asking other people for their opinions is just a waste of time. Therefore, I wrote this essay to prove him wrong. Seeking for multiple opinions can help make a better choice because it helps you think of two sides of the story, other people are smarter and more experienced, and you can tell them why they were wrong.

To begin with, it helps you see multiple sides of an argument. It can help you understand why they think that way. You could change there opinion by telling them what they got wrong. Also could change your opinion on the topic. For an example, I was on a field trip and I went to a group of friends arguing about is it good to lie or not. I thought that it was obviously not good to lie. But when they asked there guardians they quickly changed my mind by saying its good to lie to not hurt someones feelings. This is one of the reasons why I think its good to ask for other peopleÃ‚Â´s opinion.

Also, the person you ask for help can be smarter than you. They can be more experienced and know more about something than you do. For an example, I thought you could use your hands in soccer but I asked my brother who plays soccer and he told me that you can not use your hands. Also they can be stronger than you and they would know which weight to use if your just starting. This is one of my reasons why I think its good to ask for other peoples opinions.

In addition, you can tell them what they did wrong. Say if they are making a project on a volcano and they were saying that the lava was purple. I could tell them that its not purple and they could get a better grade. Also, along time ago when I was in fourth grade I was really good at social studies. we had this project on the presidents, therefore we had to group up, so I grouped up with my friend. But he was not the smartest, so I wrote what the presidents were famous for and he wrote the presidents in order. On the day the project was due he had put all the presidents in the wrong place luckily we had a test on it so I new all of them. Therefore I helped him glue them the right order. Then when she graded them we got an one hundred on the project. This is one of the last reasons why you should ask for other peoples opinions.

Finally, it is important to ask for other peoples opinions because if you do not ask or give people opinions they could be totally wrong on something without even knowing. They could also get bad grades because they did ask other people before the test. you cold also be in a life threatening a cation were you would need to know something but you did not ask for other peoples opinions. This is why I think getting multiple opinions is important.                   