dear Principal,

I am writing to tell you that you should ban cell phones outright. Cell phones are small and can easily be sneaked inside the class room from lunch. They could be easily stolen if a student sets one aside to eat or broken from lunch items like milk. Students may also skip lunch while caught up in a game or texting causing them to lose energy and

. These are just a few among many reasons you should ban phones.

Cell phones are quite small, and getting smaller every year. They can easily be sneaked into the classroom and covertly used. Many phones are so thin that you may not even be able to notice them in tight clothing like skinny jeans. Many people who might not normally use their phone during school hours may get caught up in a texting conversation and sneak them into class to finish their conversation.

A lunch room is the perfect place to lose a phone or get it stolen. They are sometimes chaotic, with people on all sides moving around and get up constantly to go to other tables. A student may send a message, then set down their food to eat. Another student may sit down adjacent to them, then get up quite quickly. The student eating may suddenly realise that their phone is gone, and they have no idea who took it. Even if the thieving student did get caught, they could cause all kinds of mischief, like sending hateful messages or bad pictures, and all in the victims name.

A lunch room is also the perfect place to damage or destroy a cell phone. A student could be eating with his phone in front of him, and then be accidentally nudged or shoved. He might spill his milk or some other liquid or semi liquid substance over it, like apple sauce. He could suddenly be set back 200 dollars.

He may even become so distraught over the loss of his phone that he cannot concentrate on his studies as well.

As you can probably see, principal, have phones at any time during the day can cause countless distractions and problems that would all have to be dealt with. Instead of dealing with all of that, you could just put a single simple policy into effect, dealing with every problem before hand.