The  Electoral College is a process which occurs in the United States to help determine the president for the next four years of the entire nation. It is a very controversial topic and a plethora of people want to disregard the Electoral College. People want to vote for their president, but ultimately they are voting for the electors of the state who represent the president in the end. The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. It makes the voters feel like they have less power when they are voting and when people of a nation feel that way, they lose interest and lose the desire to vote for their country because they feel like their vote will not count or have and affect.

At the end of paragraph 10, two questions are asked, "Can voters control whom their electors vote for?" and "Do voters get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate?". The answers were;not always and sometimes. If a system or process confuses people enough where they vote for the wrong candidate they desired, then that system needs to go. That system is the Electoral College.

The single best argument against the electoral college is the disaster factor. With a name like that, you know this system cannot be good. Also, 3 high ranking officials and a couple of them that opposed the electoral college, were former presidents. They were Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Bob Dole. The electorals confused system works like this. Voters vote for a slate of electors who in turn are the ones who elect the president. Is'nt the whole point of the election to vote for your candidate that you would like to win, and not his employees'? When a state votes for a president and has their majority vote, then the amount of electors in the state are what counts towards the voting polls. The state electors could be anyone not holding office at that time. Furthermore, electoral votes can possible end in a tie due to the fact that there is an even number of electors, 568, which is a big worry in the result of the election. Compared to electoral votes, there is only 55 representatives in California, but there is 35 million people in the state. A tie almost guarenteed, will not happen with that comparison.

A winner take all system is in play with the elcectoral college process. The system consists of when a president wins an election then all electors part or even somewhat representing that candidate are now with the president. Also bigger states have more representatives and the candiates focus more on those staes to try and win them over. it leaves the smaller states like Wyoming and South Dakota, for example, to be left out of the equation and not be focused on too much in the process.

All in all, the elctorall college and process needs to be abolished and is not fair to the people of the nation voting and being taken advantage of.    