Safety Protocol: Driving With Cell Phones

At this time the world has made so many innovative improvements, including the mobility of phones (cell phones). Phones are an everyday need now, and so is the mobility of your own, you have to get to places some way. Cars have improved a lot over many years. Mobility is vital today and with so many people with priorities of leaving home in a car, safety has to be the first thing prioritised. Many accidents, many ending lethal, have occurred due to the use of mobile cell phones while behind the wheel of an auto machine. To cause less accidents this needs to be called to attention.

Multitasking has become a lethal task while driving, phones have caused so many deaths while driving and people till this day continue to about and risk their life as well doing the same. According to ICEBIKE Article: "The 25 Scariest Texting and Driving Accident Statistics" about 1,300,000 people die each year from Texting and Driving accidents. A lot of times there's another person that gets hit by the texter and driver ultimately taking both lives. The seriousness of the actions taken everyday aren't stressed enough and people do not react until they are a victim of it.

Development has taken driving and using a cellular device to a better and safer place. According to NBC News: "Bluetooth Presence increases in automobiles" Over 3 Million cars have an bluetooth system inside. The bluetooth allows you to access your phone in various ways while driving at the same time. Phone Calls, Voice Messages, Music, Weather, and etc. Available while operating your automobile. It has its perks although, it doesn't beat not using your cellular device at all.

Cell phones should not be present in your hand as a driver. It is in place and as should be, cops will pull you over if they see it. They're only protecting your life and a lot of others from more casualties and statistics to be made for the wrong reasons. Utilize your cars tools most cars today come equipped with them and the set up takes no more then an hour.

As stated we've made many innovative advancements over the years and there's just so many more options than risk. Take into consideration all the people and their families you put in danger including your very own life. Although it may be hard to resist that one sentence or two, leaving it just for a little will help keep you, and everyone around you safer.

1      