Technology involving computers, smartphones, and even cars are slowly but surely taking over our lives. Cars are one of the most purchased and used items of our world and without owing a vehicle or having other means of transportation, life would practically be hard. The world around us is constantly changing and with change comes new and fresh ideas. One of the new ideas that is thought to help improve our lives are driverless cars. Driverless cars (also known as taxis) are cars that can drive themselves around while the passengers are at rest as they wait to arrive at their destination. Although driverless cars sound exciting and fun, are they really? These new driverless cars are not completely driver-less, take the fun out of driving, and will cause several issues down the road dealing with accidents and injuries.

Google has created cars that are driverless and that can drive themselves under certain conditions. However, these cars are not completely driverless. Driverless cars tell the driver to take over the wheel when the car itself cannot perform human driving skills. Such as pulling in and out of driveways,going through accidents and construction sites,and on certain roads and streets. Driverless cars can acccelerate, steer, and brake themselves but overall these cars are still not completely driver-less. The point of having a driverless car is being able to simply enjoy not having to drive, not wait until it is your turn to take over the wheel.

Take a look around you. We have smartphones, computers, and even elevators to help make our lives easier. Studies have shown that the country that has the highest obesity levels and that also happen to be the laziest are Americans. Technology is the creation of something that helps make doing ordinary tasks easier and according to many doctors these new inventions involving computers and phones have made us more and more lazy. So what's next ;cars that drive themselves? What happened to taking a drivers test at the age of 16 and praying that you passed ? What happened to the thrill of being able to drive your parents car (legally) for the first time? Is that now going to be taken over by these new driverless cars? Driverless cars would in fact take the fun out of driving.

Overall driving has become the worlds' "norm" for our way of living. Yes, having a car that can assist you while driving would be very helpful, but having a car that drives for you would not. In that case, what would be the point of owning a car when you could instead call a taxi? Everyday our world is changing. Ideas and inventions are growing bigger and better by the second. Driverless cars are smart and creative inventions but cars were created to help make our lives easier;not live our lives for us.                       