Driverless cars a becoming a part of the not too distant future. Experts have said that they are still developing this technology and they are not completely driverless. I feel that they may never be completly driverless. They just don't have the right technology to make this idea work. I believe that this is a bad idea because it is not safe, it's pointless, and there would be no relaxation.

The driverless cars may seem like a good idea to others, but the manufactures cannot be sure that the car won't have serious problems when driving itself. I would not want to be in a car that could drive itself on an interstate and then suddenly stop working and cause a severe car crash. I understand that they are atill developing this technology and that they are still testing these vehicles, but I also think they should keep them away from public roads until they develop the technology they need. These cars are not quite ready to have passengers. They may one day be the great thing everyone imagined, but we are not there yet.

Not only are these cars unsafe but they are really pointless. If you bought a driverless car thinking you would never have to drive or at least think that the car would drive itself most of the time, you would be mistaken. There is no point calling a car driverless if it isn't. The price of these cars would most likely be extremely high. You would be sadly disappointed if you spent alot of money for a car that says it can drive itself when really you do still have to drive in certain situations.

Most people would think that they could let the car take control and that the passenger could just sit back and relax. Unfortunately, you can't. The car still requires you to be aware of your surroundings and have at least one hand on the wheel. You may ask how can they tell if you are following these rules. The answer to that question is that they would have a camera that would be able to detect if you are paying attention or not. They would also have sensory triggers in your steering wheel that lets them know if you have your hands on the wheel. If you were driving for a long time and you wanted a break for a little while then the car could take over, but you aren't really getting a break because you still have to pay attention in case something were to happen.

Driverless cars may one day be a gigantic break through for industry and technology. Until that day comes when they can completely drive themselves withought needing a passengers assistance, there really is no point in buying them. The saftey, pointlessness, and lack of relaxation makes these cars unprepared for passengers and being out on the open road. They still lack many aspects that must be met before they are ready for use.      