There are many advantages of limiting car usage. Decreasing the amount of time citizens use personal motorvehicles positively impacts the environment and the state of mind of people. The lack of driving personal cars is becoming more widely accepted in several countries for different reasons. Vauban, a suburb in Germany, is an experimental district testing the lifestyle that does not use cars. Paris banned driving for environmental reasons, and Bogota decided to try it out too. Also, it is a trend in America for the purpose of saving money and because there are other convenient options.

The decrease in fumes from cars is very beneficial to the environment. People and organizations are making drastic efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. According to paragraph five of "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars," twelve percent of greehouse gas in Europe is caused by passenger cars and fifty percent in some areas of the United States. The Environmental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communities because emissions from cars contributes to half of the pollution in America. In the Article by Robert Duffer, "Paris Bans Driving Due to Smog" he describes the event that Paris had to declare a ban on half of the drivers because the  large amount of smog that lingered over Paris. Colombia even has a day dedicated to being free of cars to reduce smog and promote alternative transportation. All of these events show the severity of environmental problems caused by cars and people making efforts to promote a better environment.

Also, a decrease in personal motor vehicles causes people to have a better state of mind. Heidrun Walter states, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." With a car comes a lot of responsibility which leads to a lot of stress on a person. Not having a car is one less bill to pay and thing to take care of which for many people is a better way of living."It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," stated Carlos Arturo Plaza on car-free day in Bogota, Colombia. The car free day has also promoted other things to bloom in the city such as parks, sidewalks, and restaurants that people really enjoy. According to Elisabeth Rosenthal in her article "The End of Car Culture," her children have other priorities than recieving their license because they have other things they would rather focus on that they enjoy more. All of these things promote people living a healthier and happier life.

Overall, limiting car usage is a "win-win" situation for everyone. Decreasing fumes and the stress of a car causes the environment and people to be happier. Promoting public trasportation or other ways of getting places is better for everyone. It is a growing trend all over the world, and for a good reason. A lack of fumes from cars will clear the air, and clear the minds of fellow citizens.            