A summer project is suppose to show teachers what you learned over the past 9 months in his/her classroom. that's why they invented the project and some students never do it which could hurt their grade at the start of the first nine weeks. Students should not be able to design this project because some students might make the project too easy and some students might just be lost and confused after the fact that they got help from a teacher.

The first reason why students shouldn't be able to design this summer project is because students would just make the project about an easy subject like art or gym and it might not be so helpful to teachers. students like to sleep in class or be on their phones and most of them students are going to be the ones lost on how to do this project which is 50% of students in each classroom. If the students were allowed to design the summer project it would fail because student lack the skills needed to create the project they don't know what to make the project about and some of the students still wouldn't do the project because they feel as if they learned a lot already during the school year. If you want students to design the summer project the teachers should give them rules to follow and a list of things that are inappropriate for school and not allowed to be on the project. many students would continue to struggle with school work if they design their own projects because its not helping them get better on that subject for school.

Another reason why teachers should design the project is because they would help the students get better with the subjects they struggle on the most in school. teachers can design projects to help students get better with work in school and if students where to be in control of this project they would make the project about something off topic or something that is not about what they learned in school. the whole reason for this project is so that students can show the schools what they learned over the years and show them that they are still learning over the summer time and not just playing around. Im still a student and i want to graduate and summer is three months away if my teachers were to give me a project and tell me to design it i would make it about my favorite subject in school which is history but some students like to play around and skip class and school to hang out with friends so they don't learn anything and when it comes time to do the project they are confused and lost on how to do the project the point is if students don't want to do the school work in school what is going to make them do the summer project so some students are going to take a zero for the grade because they don't care about their grades or the school.

The project should be about what students learned not a copy of their friends work. some students like to share thier work with others and it could get them both in trouble. the point is some students are going to cheat off each other so they can get a good grade on the project if they was to be in control of the design. teachers should give the students a list of things that are good for the project to be about because if they dont they are just going to be turning in some work that isnt about school work they learned or even school at all. Teachers need to be the ones to design this project just like all the other ones they made why would they switch it up all of a sudden now?.

A summer project is suppose to tell teachers you learned a thing or two while sitting in their classroom how would the students who didnt pay attention during class do the project?. these are all reason why teachers should design the summer project and not the students.