What if your principal decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity? How would you respond to that? Would you go against them or stand with them? My principal made that decision for our school and I am standing with him! Extracurricular activities benefit the community, the students, and the school.

Extracurricular activities are an extreme benefit and help to the community. Many clubs actually are made to serve and make changes to the community. However, many people believe that students shouldn't be the ones having to do extra work to help out. It isn't all about the changes or the service it also helps them come together as a community and accomplish things as a team. Extracurricular activities help build a strong, healthy, and happy community.

Benefiting the students is another thing extracurricular activities do. Students learn many skills such as teamwork, leadership, and responsibility when they take part in these activities. Extracurricular activities teach students many things that they wouldn't learn during school hours or class time. When the students take part in these amazing things, the build an even more amazing reputation for themselves. Many say that students will lose focus and interest in school when they take a part in extracurricular activities. But, in reality extracurricular activities are the reason some students come to school and strive to do their best.

Schools benefit a lot from extracurricular activities. Extracurricular activities keep schools motivated and running smoothly. Many extracurricular activities require competition this means they keep healthy competition going. Clubs and teams bring the school closer. Students feel as isn't just a place to do pencil paper work when they can actually do these things and them be associated with school. These activities surely are expensive on school. But, the experiences that they bring students are worth more than a million dollars.

Extracurricular activities benefit the community, the students, and the school. Extracurricular activities help build a strong, healthy, and happy community. Extracurricular activities are the reason students are great leaders and strive to do their best. These activities help a school build their backbone and the way others see them as a whole. Wouldn't it be amazing if your principal made you take part in these activities!