Is it crazy that now there is a Facial Action Coding System that can identify human emotion in the world? Having a human emotion detected technology system is a bold positive choice in a classroom. A strong device that can read emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because, teachers can get feed back on their students about certain assignments, peers can understand one another easier, and overall a better environment as a school. One device easily has three reasons why it would be a great investment for students and teachers.

Reason one, The Facial Action Coding System is positive for a classroom because, teachers can get feed back about certain assignments based off students emotions that the system detects. In the text Dr. Huang predicts that "A classroom could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, (par 6)".

This been said, the evidence above is reactions you can get out of students and in the long run prevent. Not only does the system help the teachers by detecting these emotions, FACS will aslo benefit the students because the assignment or classroom function will most likely change due to the results.

Reason two, The Facial Action Coding System comes to benefit within peers themselves. The author states that " Dr. Paul Eckman, creator of FACS has classified six basic emotions- happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness (par 3)". Getting assignments changed because boredom is a good thing; but, would it be a plus that peers know what one another also think in the classroom too? Muscular action units can easily change the way students look at one another in the classroom.

Reason three, The Facial Action Coding System can cause an overall significantly better open environment of many classrooms and even the whole school.

Also, Dr. Huang has noted that "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication (par 6)". The notes above by Dr. Huang proove that not many people such as students to student or student to teacher share what they are thinking or feeling verbally. Would it be so bad for students and teachers to connect overall in the school and each and every classroom?

To gradually sum everything up, The Facial Action Coding System is an immensse benefit to students and teachers in the classroom. Technology that can read emotional expressions of students is valuable because, teachers can build feed back on their students about what is going on in the class, peers can understand one another easier through six basic emotions, and overall a better environment as a school can be promised. Mkaing faces and finding a device that can detect emotion can not only chnage things but open doors for science.

In conclusion, as the text states "According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them (par 9)." This evidence above is the exact reason why FACS would be a outstanding investment for classrooms all over.                   