Schools are allowing students to miss out on the opportunity of school and are allowing it to happen. There are some schools that allow undergraduates to take online classes or video conferencing from home and not at school, this is also known as distance learning. Students do not benefit from this atmosphere, they need to be in a building where they are surrounded by people there age, pushed out side of there boundaries, and prepare them for the future.

First students need to be in school to have social interaction. If a student is stuck at home learning they do not have the opportunity to interact with others the way they would at school. School is where kids make friends and interact with those people on a daily, it benefits students to also make knew friends and learn social skills. Teachers through out school years will a sing a group project so that students can work as a team and communicate to get the best grade they can, online programs can not do that because online class work with few students. Students are growing adults who need to be able to social and work with other adults for the future, schools will be able to help students with theses skills but working at home will not help.

Next students need to step outside of there boundaries and try new activities. Schools give the undergraduates plenty of opportunities to branch out and try new things. If a students shows interest in physical activity schools have seasonal sports. In the fall there is cross country, football, and volleyball, in the winter there is basketball, swim, and indoor track ,and in spring there is baseball, soccer, and outdoor track. Schools also have weight training if students wants to do something physical but dose not enjoy the competition. There are other activities if a student is not interested in a physical activity event, if they are more interested in music then they can go and join the band, if they are more interested in making things then students can join a shop class, and if and undergraduate enjoy painting or sculpting then they can joy an art class. Schools encourage kids to try out as many activities as they can so that students can find out what they are interested in and learn more about there interest. Distance learning dose not give there students any activities that could bring out there interest.

Finally school help and prepare students for there futures. There are not many jobs that will have the same atmosphere that distances learning students had and will throw those people off in the future. Jobs force people to have close relation ships with the people. Having a relationship with other workers, a boss, and with other companies,depending on the job, is very important. People who have gone to school have had more practice with these task than people who have taken video conferencing classes. Schools do not only think about what the material they teach students year to year, they also think about how they can help students in the long term.

School is nesasery for students to grow up and be the best person they can be. Online classes just do not have the same opportunities that schools offer. Distance learning dose not benefit undergraduates the way schools do. Giving students the chance to take online classes can not be allowed. To sum this up distance learning dose not benefit students because it dose not help them to socially interact, it dose not give them the same opportunities for activities the same way schools do, and it dose not properly prepare them for the future. 