Should all students have to participate in one extracurricular activity? Here are some things that might be helpful to get an answer. Some students might have other work to do from school, students may have other activities after school or outside of school, and students might become more stressed from extracurricular activities. Those are some things that might be helpful to answer if students must participate in an extracurricular activity.

First, Students might have other work from school that they have to finish at home or after school. Students might have homework, missing work, or late assignments from school that need to be completed on their own time. If students are not able to finish a certain assignment because of an extracurricular activity, it could possibly lower the students grade. If there is an extra class in school, students will most likely have more homework at the end of the day. Students need to finish other work outside of school.

Second, Students may have other activities after school or outside of school. Some students need to stay after school to retake a test, do late or missing work, or even just get extra help from a teacher. Students also need time outside of school to collect community service hours to graduate from high school. Students may have school or non-school related classes at home that they need to take such as a tutor, church/religion classes, etc. So students may need extra time for after school or non-school related activities.

Finally, students might become more stressed from another extracurricular activity. If some students have low grades, adding an extracurricular activity might overwhelm the student or stress him or her out. If students have a lot of work to complete, they might rush through everything instead of taking their time and being careful. And lastly, students might not be able to keep up with the extra class or work and their parents might keep pushing them on which will again, stress the student out. So students might become more stressed with an extracurricular activity.

So should students really have to participate in an extracurricular activity? I have come to a conclusion. I disagree because students might have other work from school to do at home, students may have other activities outside of school, and students might become more stressed. Those are the three main reasons why I disagree that students must participate in an extracurricular activity.