'Left or right Generic_Name?" he turns around to face him. "What do you mean left or right Generic_Name? They look the same.." He groans loudly, "They are not the same! This chain has less and is more heavier, while this one is the exact opposite!" Generic_Name turns to face his other friend "Generic_Name you're my last hope," he sighs as he shows them off one more time, "Left or right?" She turns around to see both of the chains in front of her face. She debates alone and chooses right. "So right it is?" He beams a bright smile. "I think you should go with left. It'll look more prettier on you." Generic_Name turns as a shade of pink appears on his cheekbone. "Oh so now you wanna contribute?" He whines loudly, "Which one am I gonna choose now?" Generic_Name grabs his shoulder. "Why won't you ask an employee then huh?"

Seeking multiple opinions on things can help someone make a better choice because they can view which choice is better out of the ones that were recommended, they're able to cancel out their original plan, and multiple opinions are always used in society.

Seeking multiple opinions on things can view which choice is better. My second niece, Generic_Name, would always ask my siblings and me when it comes to difficult or even the most simple decisions. Mostly when having an odd amount of people voting on which side to choose, it can simply show which side is the best bet. For example, at school events, they can have voting charts that the students can vote on, and have students defend their choice. Another example is how the majority of the population do ask their friends and/or family for their point of view. For instance, it is shown that tons of people still choose the most popular one when it goes to choosing. Such as clothing companies, food companies, and even with technology.

Seeking multiple opinions on things can cancel out the original thought. My friend, Generic_Name, asked our friend group our opinion on a specific artist, and she told us at the end that she was thinking about not listening to them, but now she's going to because of what we told her. Lots of people before they ask for someone's opinion, would always have their own opinion at the back of their head. To add on, it is scientifically proven that people don't ask for others opinions with an opened mind. To be more in depth, many but not all people would choose the negative decision if there is one. Sometimes they would ask their closest friends and family their opinions on rough topics that have to deal with a negative decisions.

Seeking multiple opinions are always used in society. My uncle, Generic_Name, works in the government and is always involved in big decisions such as approving a bill as a law. In public, and even in private settings, they would always seek multiple opinions on topics. For example, there's this one reality television show when the host walks around New York and asks random people on the street their opinions on a specific topic. Another thing, when the government has to make a decision on something drastic, they would make it a private choosing and would let the public know right after they'd be done deciding. Also, in public schools, when they would have to make a decision on a specific topic that affects the school, they would decide in private first, then tell the students the results.

"I would prefer left. It'll go easier on your neck and shoulders. It seems like you wouldn't be used to the weight." One of the employees said as he was stacking the cups on the shelf. Generic_Name beams his big smile and squeals, "Ahh thank you so much!" He gives the employee a huge hug and dashes to the cashier. "Yeah, no problem. I work here you know.." Generic_Name sighs and gives the employee a nudge. "Don't worry, he's always like that." As the three walk out of the store Generic_Name turns around and gives Generic_Name the unwrapped chain. "Can you help me put this on?" He nods and helps him put it on. Once he finished, Generic_Name smiled and thanked them both. "Thank goodness I had you guys to help me decide. I probably would've been in that store all night if it weren't for you guys."

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions on specific topics can help someone make a better choice because it can reveal the best choice, cancel or brighten the original choice, and seeking different opinions are always used in society. 