Would you like to have driverlees cars in the would today? Well i wouldn't. I beilive that driverless cars should not me legal. I am arguing the they souldnt be legal for tree reasons: one they are not always going to be driverless, they can be highlt dangerouse, and waist of time.

First, I highly beilive that drierless cars with not always be 100% driverless. I say that because there will always be a situation where i beilive a driver inside of a car will need to take control of the vehicle. For example if there is a car that is completly driverless and there are workers doing work on a road and you have to go aroung and area of the street, or you have to go on a diferent side of a street, im pretty sure a car cant notice when they need to go aroung something. Also what if you car has a glitch and starts geting out of control, or if there is ice on the road and your car starts to slide how will a compute learn to reacte to situsations like that, ask yourself that. Thats why i think they will never be 100% driverless.

Secondly, they would be very dangerouse. i beilive they would be dangerouse because, suppose there is a child playing and they suddenly run out in the street, i dont think a computers reaction time will be ablr to stop in time to not hit that kid. Also if you car has some type of glitch what is the pasengers in the car going to do if no one can get the car back in control. Then like a stated before if there is bad weather and something happens i think a human being can react to something like that way better than a computer car would. Thats why i think they are dangerouse.

Lastly i think they are a waist of time. I say that beacuse to me i dont think they will never be able to make a 100% driverless car. Honestly they would need alot of things and new machines to make up something like that, and i just dont think there is that much time in a life time. Also it would take alot of money, and i dont think no company will take the risk of putting all that money into something so risky such as a driverless car. Thats why i say its a waist of time.

Those three reasons listed above is the reasone why i disagree that there should be driverless cars. First they will never be 100% driverless. Second they are they are dangerouse. Lsatly they are a waist of time.      