Driverless Cars are Coming is a story about cars that don't really require a human driver. It talks about the history of driverless cars and how far they have come. It also gives some examples of some driverless cars. However, in the story it describes how these driverless cars have some positive and negative aspects. I believe that these cars have positive aspects and should be developed more because they are able to mimic the same skill of a human at the wheel, the drivers will be more alert, and they have a lot of safety functions.

To begin with, I am for the development for the driverless cars because they are able to mimic the same skill of a human at the wheel. For example, in the story it says, "Google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial notion sensor. The most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof. Dubbed LIDAR, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings. The combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel."

In addition, the next reason I am for the development of driverless car is because the drivers will be more alert. For example, in the story it says, "GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object." The story also says, " The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." Finally, one last example from the story is when it says, "Manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. While the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver."

Finally, the last reason I am for the development of driverless cars is because they have a lot of safety functions. For example, in the story it says, "Some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. Such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over---something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. In this way, the in-car system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern." Also, another example the story says is, " The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone."

In conclusion, I am for the development of driverless cars because they are able to mimic the same skill of a human at the wheel, the drivers will be more alert, and they have a lot of safety functions.                        