I don't think the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. Sometimes people don't want others to know how their feeling and why their feeling like that. Also, some people might think it's invading their privacy if they didn't give the person permission to read their emotional expressions.

Reading other peoples emotional expressions without permission can cause the person to get angry because they might not want others to know how their feeling. I think it would be better to see how the person is acting and if you see that they aren't acting the way they usually do then you can ask them how their feeling or if their okay instead of using technology to read someones emotional expressions. For example, in the text in paragraph 5 it talks about how you can tell how a friend is feeling by the look on their face. Some people don't like others knowing how their feeling because they might think that the person is going to go off and tell others. They might be afraid that their going to make fun of them.

Using technology can give you false information if not used properly. It can read that your happy but in reality you can be sad or angry you just aren't showing it because you don't want others to know. Also, it can read that your sad but in reality your trying to show people that your happy so they don't ask you whats wrong. If the person who read your expression through their computer goes up to you and tells you they know that you aren't happy it can make the person feel angry because they were trying so hard not to let people know that they aren't upset.

Sometimes just asking someone in person how their feeling can be better than using technology because now and days thats all people use so most people don't communicate in person. Asking someone how they feel can make them feel better if they know they have someoen they can talk to and not through technology. Some people can fake their expressions so using technology won't always be as right as asking someone in person how their actually feeling.

These are a couple of reasons why I think the use of technology to read peoples emotional expressions isn't valuable to know how someone is feeling.  