Many people in todays society tend to travel by car, but there is advantages to limiting car usage. Limiting car usage can stop pollution, and puts people in general in a more active environment. So, there are many other ways of transportation.

In the article, 'Car-Free Cities' it talks a lot about the advantanges of not driving a car. For example, according to the passage "Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occaional distant motor." This being said, you can conclude that more people are being more active. Furthermore, the passage says "Passenger cars are respondible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car intensive areas in the United States." This meaning that some places in the United states gases are half of the areas pollution.

There are many more advantages to limiting car usages, and if other people do it so will the world. For example, according to the passage "Vauban, home to 5,500 residents within a rectangle square mile, may be the most advanced experiment in low-car suburban life." Moreover, in the passage it also says "But its basic precepts are being adopted around the world in attempts to make suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation, with less space for parking." Furthermore, "In this new approach, store are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distance highway." This meaning the world has a solution to solve the usage of cars. By making suburbs you will be walking distance away from your destination. This also saves so much money, if you were to drive you would have to waste gas. It is also more of a benefit for one who walks, rides their bike, or runs by giving them the benefit of exercise.

By limiting the usage of cars, bike trails, parks, and sports centers have been a big hit. For example, according to the passage, "The day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in Bogota in the mid-1990s." Moreover, "It has seen the construction of 118 miles of bicylce paths." This being said, the need to make such a long bike path means that more people are joining in on the limiting usage of cars, which is a benefit for us humans, and the fresh air that we breathe. People are also becoming more active, for example according to the passage "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaces by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic;" Since the parks and sports centers have been blooming people are being more active. New side walks are being replaced so people can actually walk on them, the cut of traffic means less people are driving. In big cities, it just might be faster to get to your destination by riding a bike.

In conclusion, there are so many advantages to limiting car usage. It helps by lowering the percent of pollution, on top of that it also helps save money. By walking or riding your bike to your destination can benefit you in many ways. It also helps by making the world a better place. People seem to be happier when they see other being active, so the next time one thinks to drive a walking distance, rethink your decision.    