"A cowboy who rode the waves" is a story where there is so much going on with so many people.

The main character in the story is "Luke Bomberger" he works two part-time jobs one at the Grocery Store and the other at the Bank. He has a friend named Don

Reist whom asked Luke to go to Europe with him. They would be riding on a cattle boat with 335 horses only. The reason they had to ride on a cattle boat was because World War 2

just ended and most people animals and buildings got destroyed. They were shipping animals over to Europe so that they could have their animals back. He just turned 18 before they left so he was old enough to help out. Since they had all of the horses he helped out with taking care of them they each had to be fed and watered two or three times a day. He was really good at taking care of all the horses because he used to help out on his aunt's farm with all of the animals. He had trouble sometimes when the storms would be super bad and it would make the boat rock with the bad waves. One time he was going to report back to the captin with the news on how the animals were doing because he was on nightwatch and he slipped and fell off of his ladder. When the boat started tilting he went slididng down the deck of the boat and amost went off board. He didn't go off board luckily because a metal bar stopped him from going two far but he did suffer from broken ribs and have to take some time off. On the trips back to go get more animals the people he was with would play games with him and they also got to see amazing sights on their way there and back sometimes even on the way there is they weren't too busy.

Most of the time this is what happens but his story is really interesting. Most people think it is a horrible idea to do this but I think it's a great one because you get to help people. It is nice to do something like that because most people are less fortunet and things that happened in Europe can happen to them and maybe even you when you don't ever expect it.