Bang! Your brand new driverless car has just made a mistake and you rear ended the other driverless car infront of you, whose to blame? You weren' driving the car but you own the car. How do you explain the accident to your insurance? Driverless cars may with daily commute, but the risk heavily outweight the advantages. These cars should not be developed because: they are more prone to accident, harder to properly regulate and the idea simply isen't practical.

Imagine that you are taking a long, overnight road trip and everyone in the car is tired from a busy week. Good thing you have a driverless car that can drive for you right? Wrong. Engineers have yet to deveop a car that requires no human help at all. For this reason, a human still has to be there to navigate the car. Since the car does most of the work, the human is more likely to pay less attention to the car. What happens when the car requires human help but the driver doesen't pay attention? Does it just keep driving into the construction sight and run into a worker? Or does it stop in the middle of the road and get rear ended by the car behind it? "The psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge," admits Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW project manager driver. And what prevents people from hacking into the cars and taking control of them? If hackers can hack into the white house, then surely they can hack into a soccer mom's station wagon.

The goal of having regulations on drivers are to keep the drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. So how do you regulate a car that doesen't have a driver? Who is at fault if the car malfunctions or is hacked into and causes an accident? How will the person who owns the driverless car's insurance policy be affected if the his is responsible for the accident? Also, what if not everybody can afford a driverless car? How do you regulate cars when there are both driverless cars and cars that require drivers on the road at the same time? These are just a few of many questions that must be answered in order dor driverless cars to be developed. For these reasons, I

beleive that the challenge of regulating driverless cars is is to complex and would create to many issues; therefore the development is not a practical idea.

Inconclusion the development of a driverless car is not practical unless dramatical innovations occur. The creation of a driverless car greatly increases the risk of an accident and simply isen't practical for insurance purposes. The idea of having a driverless car may sound very interesting to some, but the risks far outweight the advantages. For these reasons. I beleive that, unless some type of revolutionary technolgy is developed, driverless cars will never successfully be developed.