How would you feel if someone knew how you were feeling all the time? Well now they can. Scientis have created a new software that can detect human emotion to see just how exactly you're feeling. Is it useful? Or is it invasive? I think that it is useful, and here's why.

One way that facial recognition can be helpful, is that it can be used in classrooms to better the learning enviornment. According to paragraph 6, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becomig confused or bored." This can be useful for many teachers who have studnets that are confused but don't want to speak up. This can be very helpful for schools and change the way we learn for the better.

Another reason facial recognition can be useful, is in relationships and partnerships . Many people say that they can't tell how their friend or partner is feeling, but with this new software you just might be able too. In the passage it states that "you can probably tell how a friend is feeling by the look on his/her face. Of course, most of us would have toruble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc." We might have had trouble detecting those emotions in the past, but not anymore. With this software you can always tell if your friend or partner is angry, sad, worried, or in trouble.

Lastly, one of the most important reason to why we need this computer software is for medicine. According to the passage, "The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive for video games and video surgery." If doctors had this kind of technology to use for video surgery, it could change how we precieve medicine. This can make videos more realistic for new surgeons that are trying to learn how to operate. It could save someone's life.

With all of the infromation we have learned from the passage, I think that it is safe to say that this new facial recognition facial software is going to help us in the long run to better the way we learn and change the way we think.        