In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author is decribing how a new technology: the Facial Action Coding System, is enabling computers to identify human emotions. The use of this technology: to read the emotional expressions of students, is not valuable. Even though human have simaliar muscles to show the same emotion each one does vary a great significance.

In paragraph 6 of the article Dr. Huang made a bold prediction "A classroom computer could reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored," This means to him that a students emotions can be completly read by a computer scan. This doesn't seem logical in any means at all. Have you ever watched your classmates facial expression change from confused to them understanding completely in the blink of an eye? Im sure you have. If a computer reads your confused facial emotion in the middle of a lesson right before you understand it, it will change making you have to reset your brain to relearn what you were the the bridge of mastering.

In paragraph 5 a sentence contradicted the article "Of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait," if this is true then why would an artifical intelegence be able to read emotions better than a human who experiences the similar emotions? A real life example is when someone is really good at looking like they don't care. This is a hard face to read because some people just naturally have it at all times. With a piece of simple technology how would the scan be able to look past the same face with the same emotion at all times? It most likely couldnt and would be uneffectful in the end.

In paragraph 6 another outside of the box thought was put into words from Dr. Huang "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication...So computers need to understand that, too," The problem with this is that computers don't understand things, they are programmed to do what they are told. Only alive things "understand" which means to learn. If we put a program in our computer to read emotions then the computer will most likely only read that exact facial expression.

The use of technology to read emotional facial expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable because it is to far fetched and unpractical. This is because we have teachers, emotions change constantly, emotions are sometimes hard to read, and computers can't "understand" how a human is feeling a all times. Maybe one day a computer will be able to read facial expression, but it will be a waste of time and money.