Cars are useful machines that get you around. But what you may not realize is the many problems that they may cause. The emissions from car tailpipes can cause environment issues and pollute the atmosphere with greenhouse gases. Some advantages from limiting car use include environmental improvements and recreational and personal advancement. Reducing car usage would be a benefit to most cities.

The atmosphere has been at an all time high in pollution, smog and green house gases are effecting cities. In Paris, France near-record pollution has been occuring and Paris decided to enforce a partial driving ban to help clear the air of the city. According to the article "Paris bans driving due to smog" by Robert Duffer, congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog. Coldnights and warm days caused the warm layer of air to trap the car emissions into the atmosphere. In Bogota, Colombia there is a declared day without cars in the capital city of 7 million people. According to the article "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selsky, the turnout was large and even the rain wouldn't stop them from participating. Carlos Plaza which was interviewed for the article stated "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. Using less cars will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants according to Elisabeth Rosenthal author of "The End of Car Culture". Overall limiting car use will be a big factor in conserving resources and lowering emissions.

This limitation of cars would be beneficial to personal and recreational purposes also and not just the environment. In the town Vauban, Germany 70 percent of families do not own cars. According to the article "Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal, citizens claim to be happy this way. "When I had a car I was always tense. "I'm much happier this way" said Heidrun Walter. In this new approach of limited car use, stores are placed just a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. This provides an easier way to get what you need in a fast and convenient manner. In Bogota, Colombia, parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city and sidewalks are being replaced, and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. A network of public transportation could be created to save time and improve safety. Reducing car use creates an opportunity for more recreational buildings and stores to be created near your community for your benefit.

Reducing car use would be a huge environmental benefit, helping lower the amount of smog and carbon emissions. This would also create the opportunity for recreational and business improvements, which would help create new shopping districts and recreational buildings closer to your community. In general limiting car use would create a cleaner and safer environment but would still be able to provide you with new entertainment and a stronger local community.    