Teen Driving Without Cell Phones

Everyday people die in car accidents, because they use their cell phones while driving. According to research, cell phones are leading factors to most car accidents. Despite danger, people still use cell phones because they want to keep in touch with other people. Moreover, people use arguments that phones are necessary in emergency situations. Although, some people support using cell phone while driving, evidence have shown that people should avoid talking while driving.

Opponents whose work depend on cell phones such as lawyers, always have to be able to answer the phone to keep their business running. However, they can create dangerous situations like a collision or accident. Business issues can be dangerous while driving, because emotional reactions can end in a tragedy. The conversation that the driver is having might upset them, and lower their ability to drive, this can lead to an accident. So if people don't decide to put their cell phones away, they could take a lot of innocent lives.

Some people predict that hand-free set is safe because people can drive using two hands. Although, hand-free devices don't eliminate accidents it worsen it by suggesting this gesture is safe. Even headsets can be unsafe because it can distract the driver from the road. When the car swerves unexpectedly or a pedestrian is in the road, the mind lacks the amount of react time need to prevent an accident from happening. So the problem isn't holding the steering wheel and cell phone at the same time, but it's just the simple fact that the conversation and lack of reaction at that moment.

People argue cell phones are good because they give an opportunity to make a call in case of emergency. When you need your cell phone the most it's hard to find because they are stuck in the car. Drivers around the world shouldn't full depend on their cell phones, because if the car accident is terrible a cell phone wouldn't help at that moment. OnStar is a service that deal with in-vehicle security and emergency problems. Therefore, cell phones are unnecessary while driving.

Concluding, if people don't give up cell phones the number of fatalities on the roads will still increase. Its people responsibility to not their own and others people lives at risk. No matter how right you think it is, it's a state law to not use cell phones while driving. Don't be a selfish driver on the road.

(https://sciaga. pl/tekst/106449-107-cell-phones-while-driving-argumentative-essay)                