Evolution is an factor of life that effects us all in some way shape or form. As we get new ideas, and put them into pratice we are supporting this factor. With the evoloutinon of cars, going from mauel, to driver less is not only a great, and intuitive idea but also a major part in the evolution of automobiles. I feel as though we should support this advancement for it would prove benifical to a overwhelming number of people. Though I support this idea, I do see the risks, and potential problems that would accompany such a machine. But in my opion the benifits out way the risks.

How many people have died, or have been injured from automobile accidents? The answer generates, a massive amount of concern, and anxiety, though we are the most sophisticated spieces on earth, we also tend to make alot of mistakes. According the the article, self driving cars have gone nearly half a million miles without any major, or minor accidents. That is not only impressive, but also reasuring, well at least to me. Now im not saying that because of this fact the pearson inside the car should go ahead, and take a nap, because machines can't do everything for us.

When i was learning to drive my Grandfather, made told me that when your on a express way the best thing to do is to through it in crusie control, and take a nap. Of coruse this was a joke, when driving the driver must always be alert for possible incursions. I feel the same should be said for self driving cars, for their some road conditons that the car itself cannot handel. The article refers to certain times when the driver should have to take over such as; when construction is taking place, or when navigating around a accident. The driver may not have to drivew always when in one of these cars but when situations such as the ones previously metioned arise,I feel the driver should take the wheel.

To many lives are lost do to driving while under the influence or "drunk driving" the alcohal in the drivers system affeects the respons time and, critical thinking skills, wich in turn causes major threats to both the driver, and others around them. Now the question is should someone who is drunk be abel to drive a sekf driving car? My answer is no, because the car may still need the driver to operate the vehical through difficult situations the car itself can't navigate thorugh. I metioned some situations earlier, of when the sober, and normally functioning driver would need to take over but would it be safe to have some one who is drunk to drive through a work zone, or around a accident? So before the driver enters the vechile they should have to be abel to pass a breathalizer test to let the car drive on its own.

Now I know that in my introduction that I said that I was pro self driving cars, but all through out my bodies I talked about how many regulations there should be, but thats only cause I seeboth the benifits, and the dangers. Yes the world should be open to the idea of self driving cars but the world should also note that this isn't a way to completely get out of driving for good, and we also should realize that driving while were impaired is a bad idea wheteher or not the car can drive itself. We need to move forward and embrace the evouliton of technology, but we also mut tred carefully for every advancement present, simalar risks as the previous one.      