Paint a picture in your head, imagine if students did not want to participate in an extracurricular activity, and were not trying to improve their quality of life or them as a person, this is why students should participate in an extracurricular activity because it can benefit them, based on my experiences in life. I am convinced that extracurricular activities can do good, in general, when it comes to you as a person and your quality of life. Students should participate in an extracurricular activity because they can be more social, learn more, and be more productive.

Students will be more social, in general, because it would make them new friends. In my life, I participated in extracurricular activities and I have built positive long-lasting friendships, and it made me a better person. It would benefit the community because being social with others builds good friendships, and improves you as a person as well. It would build a better community as a whole, and you as a person in my opinion.

Students can also learn more and build new skills. In my life, I participated in an extracurricular activity which involves swimming, and I have learned skills that can save my life, and prevent me from drowning in a real-life situation. It can be important to learn a new skill, especially a skill that can save ones life. This is one essential experience in my life on why I agree students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

Students may also be more productive and get their work completed. In my life, it has inspired me to pursue my dreams, and study in the medical field because one specific extracurricular activity has taught me some important life-saving skills. It inspires me to get my work done, always doing my best, and not giving up.

All students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they can learn essential skills, be more social and productive as well. Being more social with others can build better long-lasting friendships, and you can also learn new skills which can be essential in life, it can also inspire you to get your work done. How could YOU participate in an extracurricular activity that can improve your quality of life and you as a person?