When we ask for advice, why do we ask multiple people if we like/don't like the first answer we got? Some people seek multiple opinions because they didn't get the answer they wanted first, but sometimes, getting an answer we don't want can help make a better choice. It's possible that what we originally thought was a good idea is actually a problem in progress. Other points of view can help avoid problems and see where our thoughts and theirs were flawed. So what are some reasons that we should continue asking about our ideas?

When coming up with any idea, no matter what it is, it's always good to get the right answer in the end, it helps us stay out of trouble. When we think about something for a while, we end up not seeing the problem or forgetting that it's actually there in the first place, sure it all depends on the situation, but it's always possible that we're wrong. Some people keep asking others about an idea because they didn't get the answer they wanted in the first place, but is it really a good idea to put your sibling on a peanut-butter covered skateboard so he doesn't fall off? Second guessing yourself can be a good idea when it comes to putting any idea into action, what could go wrong? What are the consequences? Then, after getting several people's opinion, what answer will you go with?

Another form of problem solving is making a pros and cons list, it's possible that there are more cons rather than pros or maybe we didn't even see the cons in the first place. If there's one thing I know when it comes to solving problems, it's that it's always good to see the bad. A lot of the time, we spend so much time on one thing, that we forget what the problem is that we're trying to solve, so it's always a good idea to get a pair of fresh eyes to look over it. People that we ask can point out the problems or flaws that we never thought of or that we never saw, I know some people don't take criticism very well, but sometimes, it's essential. Getting a second, third, or fourth opinion can keep us out of trouble even when we don't think that there's an actual problem in the first place. Maybe make a list of pros and cons and question yourself before you question others.

When it comes to creating a plan, I think that it's never a bad time to ask for different points of view. Asking other people about what we thought of can actually help the creative process more than we thought it would, they find things that we didn't even think of that can influence our decision. The human brain can only focus for 15 minutes at a time, so after spending an hour on one thing, it's good to get an opinion, they can protect us from doing something that could possibly hurt us. The thing that everyone tends to do when they get an answer they don't like is to tune them out

. It's called "selective hearing loss," where we completely ignore what someone told us. If we don't like an answer, we typically ignore it, that's just what we do, so the most important thing in getting feedback is to listen and consider if what they're saying is true and helpful.

Mostly everything (feedback wise) is helpful unless it comes from a sibling. A lot of the things that we get back from other people's perspectives are helpful information that can influence decision-making. Sometimes, seeing the pros and cons and just dropping your idea is better than doing it and getting the right answer after the consequences have ensued. Keeping ourselves out of trouble and not getting hurt are important factors when it comes to advice, so the next time you get an answer you don't like, consider it before you brush it off and leave it in your dust. It turns out, a lot of the time, what they're saying is actually helpful information that can keep you safe and out of trouble, and not only you, sometimes the safety of others is at stake as well. Just make sure that you listen throughout the process. Thank you.

-Generic_Name