There are some schools that offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. By having the ability to attend classes online, students can avoid many obstacles that make learning difficult. Students can avoid constant distractions, as well as preventing outbreaks from getting into schools. While some believe having online classes as an option for students is not beneficial, it is abundantly clear there are many benefits to having the option for students to take classes online.

Having the option to attend classes from home can eliminate the constant distractions that students constantly face. A students' attention span is not fully developed while in grade school, so they can get easily distracted by their surroundings and fall behind. For example, when I am in Algebra, I tend to drift off when my class is taking notes because my attention span has not fully matured yet. When I get distracted, it is extremely easy to fall behind. However, by having the option to attend classes that students find to be difficult or distracting, they will have the luxury of learning at their own pace. Another distraction that students face is other students who do not take the class seriously. For example, when I am in Physics, I have a difficult time focusing. This is due to the fact that Generic_Name and Generic_Name purposefully procrastinate in a way to call attention to themselves. Having the option to avoid these situations by attending classes from home, has the potential to make learning more constructive.

Having the ability to take classes online also has the potential to prevent global pandemics, such as the Coronavirus. By having the ability to continue classes online or by video conferencing, school systems have the capability to prevent outbreaks from getting into schools. For example, about a month ago I was sick with the flu. I was out all week lying in bed the entire time. Little did I know that hundreds of other students were out with the flu that week. By having the option to attend classes from home, that outbreak could have been avoided. Imagine what would happen if the outbreak were to be the Coronavirus, or any other illness of that magnetude. If all schools were to have the option to attend classes from home, it would eradicate the constant distractions and prevent outbreaks and many other issues.

In conclusion, many believe having the option for students to take classes online from home is not beneficial, it is perfectly transparent there are many extraordinary benefits to having the option for students to attend classes from home. It can the potential to prevent global pandemics, eliminate distractions, and create a safe learning enviornment for all students around the world.               