You wake up and decide today is the day to be productive and clean your room. You get up, make some breakfast and start to clean, but you quickly run out of motovation. You decide you will do it another day and go back to bed. You think to yourself that this wouldn't be a big deal if this was the first time this happened. You decide it is time to get some advice, but you don't know who to ask. Should you ask your best friend, a family member, or even that smart classmate who always gets her work done early? Well, why should you only ask just one person?

There are many reasons why asking for advice from multiple people is better than asking just one. For example, you're asking how to get motovated enough to clean your room. Someone might tell you to "fake it until you make it", but that might not work for you so you decide to ask someone else for advice. They tell you to view it as a goal you're trying to acheive, rather than a chore. You decide to give it a try and next thing you know your room is sparkling clean! Sometimes what works for one person does not work for others. Everyone is unique and different things work for different people, sometimes asking multiple people for advice can help you find what works for you.

Another reason you should seek advice from multiple people is so you are exposed to new options and ideas. Sometimes we only see one solution to a problem and talking to other people can help you see all of the options you have. Talking to people can open you up to new options and ideas. This can help you make a decision that will be better for you in the long run.

When you are seeking advice from other people the same solution might come up multiple times.

Sometimes people suggest what works for them, and if many people suggest the same thing you might want to try it out to see if it works to you. Sometimes this will also happen when others see a solution you might have overlooked. Sometimes we overthink things and the answer is more obvious than we thought.

Lastly, when you look for advice from more than one person, more people will know what you are going through. People will be able to listen and relate to what you are going through, and you will have people to turn to when you need help. Sometimes all we need is a little support to motovate us.

So if you are looking for advice, then you should ask more than one person. This way you can find solutions that work for you, see options you didn't know you had, see what others would do in your situation and find people that will motovate and support you.