To start, people use cars everyday to go to work, drive their kids to school, or just going out somewhere. Some people instead of using a car to get somewhere in close distance they ride a bike or walk there. Like poeple use cars for long distances like going to work, visiting someone that might live in a different county than you. Limiting car usage is an advantage because it allows you to get more exercise, doesn't cause more pollution, and causes less traffic on the road.

Moreover, limiting car usage is an advantage because it allows you to get more exercise. When you need to go to a store thats right down the street, instead of taking a car; jog, walk, or ride a bike over there so you can get a breathe of fresh air. Walking to the store to get a few things allows you to stay in shape and not get tied down or lazy. When you drive a car your sitting down the whole time and not really moving besides moving your foot back and forth for the gas and brake, and moving your arms to turn the steering wheel. If you sit around all day and watch TV or you work all day and you have to sit down to work, walking somewhere instead of driving loosens up your legs because you've been sitting all day long.

Continuing, limiting car usage is an advantage because it keeps you from letting more pollution into the air from the smoke of your exhaust. Every day there is a ton of smoke from cars exhaust going to the air and polluting it even more. Smoke from cars exhaust has made most of the ozone layer around the Earth disappear because the smoke has rotted it away. The summers have been hotter and the winters have been extremely cold, record breaking almost every year because the ozone layer can't protect us from that as well anymore. Breathing in the smoke from cars exhaust isn't good for us either because it goes into our lungs. Breathing in smoke into your lungs can give a person cancer possibly.

Nevertheless, limiting car usage is an advantage because it causes less traffic. There is always an accident on the highway, side street, and neighborhood everyday because of traffic. When your in traffic its usually stop and go and someone might not brake in time or expect it and slam right into the back of you without you knowing and give and injury or kill you because of the traffic. Some people are very tense behind the wheel of a car and the slights little thing can startle them and make them have an accident. Some people get annoyed sitting in traffic and try to race through it at high rates of speed and maybe loose control and crash into someone. You hear about car accidents injuring people every day on the news because of traffic, most of the time its on the highway.

Without a doubt, limiting car usage is an advantage because it allows you to get more exercise, it keeps you from putting more pollution into the air, and causes less traffic on the road.

For those people who live close to a school, store, or work, take a bike or walk there instead using a car. Another plus to walking or riding a bike instead of driving is you will be saving money because you won't have to pay for gas.                                    