You should join Seagoing Cowboys program! You might be thinking right now well why should I join this program? You should join because UNRRA hired ''Seagoing Cowboys'' to take care or the horses, young cows, and mules that where shipped overseas. Its a important job to take care of the animals there our resource! You get to see and vist amazing places! And when you are in the program you get to help people out and help them recover. Its a good and nice thing that you are helping people out.

In the book ''A Cowboy Who Rode the Waves.'' A character from that book name Luke joined the Seagoing Cowboys program. His friend Don Reist invited him to go to Europe on a cattle boat. Luke couldn't say no. He knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime! In 1945, World War II was over in Europe, and many countries where left ruins. To help these countries recover their food supplies, animals, and more, 44 nations joined together to form UNRRA ( the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration).

Then in August 1945, they received their orders to report to New Orleans. They arrived August 14. Luke then says,''the day the Pacific war ended.''

Luke turned 18 before arriving in Greece, which meant he could be drafted for military service. Then Luke was on a cattle-boat trip, they told Luke to just keep doing that for Luke's service. Luke was discharged in 1947, Luke had made nine trips-the most of any Seagoing Cowboy. For Luke the cattle-boat trips where unbelievable opportunity for a small-town boy, he says.

Besides Luke helping people, he had side benefit of seeing Europe and china. But seeing the Acropolis in Greece was special for Luke. And Luke got to go to a gondola ride in Venice , Italy,a city with streets of water. Luke also toured an excavated castle in Crete and marveled at the Panama Canal on his way to China. Maybe if you Join the Seagoing Cowboys program you can experience all these wonderful places like Luke did! And you can be helpful in this program.

On Luke second trip, he had to serve as night watchman. And his job was to check on all the animals every hour. Now, thats a tough job to do. But Luke was helpful and he did his job and he loves his job he does. To sum things up the jobs sometimes be a little hard to do but Luke never gave up on his job! So this is why you should join the program and help people out like Luke and Don did.