Many teachers assign summer projects to students to ensure that the child is still school focused throughout all the fun summer activities. Even though, majority of students hate the words "summer and project" together, giving them lead way to design their project is the best way to go. Students would have a chance to gain responsibility, be creative and make an easy grade.

Firstly, giving students the lead way to design their project allows the individual to gain responsibility. The student would be obligated to make time for all the steps leading up to the final project, making them move their schedule around or cancel plans. This ties into being an adult, making sacrifices to get important things done. For example, a students gets a summer project, its a Friday night and his or her friends wants them to go out. Instead of being behind on the project from going out, simply saying no and staying in to miss out on the fun is a sacrifice to the student. Therefore, creating responsibility from the ultimatum.

Secondly, letting students take lead way is the best option because it allows the student to actually be creative. Students get boring topics and assignments all the time, causing them to do poorly strictly because they dont find interest on the topic. However, giving students the free will design the project based on their interests while also being school related will definitely give a change in the result of the final project versus a random teacher designed project. For example, a teacher gives a random topic she designed to the student. The student gets a topic about plants, which the student knows nothing about while also having little to none interest about them. As a result, the student is not going to give their full potential on the project because they did not have interest on the forced topic.

Lastly, letting students design their summer project will give students the ability to bring their grade up. By students being creative and going the extra mile to have a successful project will give them the the perfect opportunity to make a great grade. For example, while doing the summer project the students will have confidence in the topic. While doing research the student will know exactly what they want to look for and even have a small plan on how they'd like the final outcome of the project to be. Resulting in a confident, well put together project.

However, some teachers might argue that allowing the students to design their summer project wouldn't be an excellent idea. Teachers may say that students would give no effort because they do have lead way on their project or it may be overwhelming for the student to make a decision on what they wanted their topic to be. However, letting the student have the option to choose their topic would not allow the student to not give effort or any creativeness. The topic would only be designed by the student and what their personal skill level is, leaving them to set their own boundaries up based on what they prefer.

In result, when summer rolls around and summer projects are assigned, letting students get the opportunity to design their project gives them responsibility by making simple or grand decisions, an open door to the students creative limits, and also makes great pay off from all the hard work and dedication gone into the project. So next time a teacher assigns a boring topic, students should take the lead and make a astonishing grade.