Dear Mr. Senator,

We, the people of Florida are concerned about the Electoral College system. I am writing to you to explain our opinions on this way to elect our president. I believe that the Electoral College should not be used to choose the president of the United States because it lacks reasoning, it is unfair to voters, and misloyalty and mistakes can easily occur.

The Electoral College should be abolished due to the simple fact that many voters do not feel that is fair or have equality during the elections. In the article, The Indefensible Electoral College: Why Even the Best-laid Defenses of the System Are Wrong, it states, "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't see a single campaign." Various people do not have any connection with the candidates that have a chance to be in control of the country they live in. The candidates only worry about the toss-up states, because they know in the other states they have no chance of winning, which is not fair for some areas and should be changed. States are forgotten and not considered, which is unacceptable when they live in a place of equality.

The abolishment of the Electoral College should occur, because it is irrational and lacks correct organization. When a tie occurs in the electoral vote, the election is dependent on the House of Representatives, therefore the state delegations vote on the candidates. With this said, representatives of small populated areas would have the equality of representatives in over populated states that include thirty-five million voters. In addition there has been accidents where a candidate has more popular votes than his opponent but fewer electoral votes, therefore he does not win. The numbers are not put into thought.

Unlike the popular votes, misloyalty is a large problem and a possibility of the Electoral College system. The people are not voting for the president, instead they are voting for a slate of electors, who supposedly elect the president. The process is very disorganized, because all the states choose the electors differently and have no control of whom they are voting for. In the article, In Defense of the Electoral College, it states, "But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)." Its advocates realize the misloyality yet they ignore it. With the Electoral College there are many possibilities that the president elected did not win fairly or without contributing to their success.

The Electoral College has been used for several years, but there is a need for change. Its advocates claim that mistakes rarely occur and should not be abolished for those reason, but I belive they should still be put in consideration and not be ignored.

Sincerely,

Elizabeth Campos                             