Should more driverless cars be made in the future, do they really help? There are positives and negatives of the driverless cars. A positive, according to the passage is "that cars have sensors that make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." Having that sensor can keep the driver alert of the road and drivers around. Another positive would be" the seats vibrating, they are to alert the driver when the car is in danger of backing up into an object". That is important because things such as vehicles are closer then they really are in the mirrors. So when your backing up, you could be closer then you think and without the alerting of the vibrating seat, you could tap someones car, which would lead to some very exspensive bills for you or worse losing the right to drive. This all sounds great but, there are negatives too to these amazing cars, unfortunatly. Say you have and older driverless car and the sensors don't work as quickly and you hit someone from behind. You say you were paying attention or your car didn't say anything, who's fault is it really then? Is it your fault, should you be charged or let off because of a "bad" car? We all know technology is nice, fast ,and very helpful but, we also all know you can't always depend on technology. It shuts down or gets viruses, or could just die on us at the very time we need it. If you were in a car accident and you were the one that had been hit by a young driver and the young driver says "my car didn't do anything", you would want to say the young driver was probably on the phone but you don't really know. Say the driver wasn't on the phone and the car really didn't do anything to keep her from hitting you. What do you tell the police, who do I blame?

I think the positives stand out more then the negatives because they really do help. A elderly with there lisence is on the road and she/he has to slam on there breaks but just couldn't do it fast enough because there so slow and old, the "Smart Car" can help by alerting her/him quickly before she/he sees that everyone has slowed down because of an car accident up ahead that she/he can't see. Teenagers are young and dumb, they are always destracted by there phones, if there eyes are on the phone then whos watching the road? Teenagers get in horriable accidents everyday because they do silly things like texting while driving. The Smart Car can keep them focus and alert them on whats up ahead as well as what's around them. Some Smart Cars won't let you move or do anything untill you put your seat belt on, a seat belt can save you. Smart Cars can save lives.

More of these driverless cars or Smart Cars should be made. They really have brought down the number of accidents. I actually have a Smart car or a smart truck and it doesn't let us down. It will not let you turn on the radio or start the car unless everyone has on there sear belts. It says "welcome" too everytime you get in, such a nice car. Our car has cameras on all four sides of it. the most usefull one is the back camera, it shows everything behind us. We are a big family so when we go grocery shopping, it's a lot of food, sometimes we can't see out the trunk window. How would we know if a car was coming or a family was walking by? What if a dog ran pass or a child ran pass, the Smart Car quickly alerts us by blinking rapidly and making loud beeping noises, the TV in the front of the car shows us what's behind the car or whatever the cameras are showing so my Mom can quickly stop the car so whatever's passing through dosn't get hurt or we don't mess up our nice car. The Smart Car saves lives and money. I can't wait to get my own! 