As a kid I rarely got beaten or physically punished by my parents, they used words and other punishments for me to learn my lesson. Not just my parents my whole family mentors me into becoming a man and to learn the way life goes. "You get one chance", my family often said. Advice can come in many forms but it is the variety and the way that you receive it that benefits mentoring phrases used by family members, mentoring from family members, and advice from peers has so far guided me through life.

"You can find out the hard way or the easy way", my mom used this phrase everyday growing up. She would tell me to do something then tell me the consequence, I would receive if not completing her demand. This taught me a good life lesson, if a cop or any person with high authority over ask me to do something I should do it immediately. "Do the right thing even when no one is watching". This phrase got used a lot growing up and still to this day by my grandparents. They knew that my parents were not always home to watch over my siblings and I. So my sister, brother and I made some decisions on our own a lot. My dad always says when I'm being lazy "you will never succeed in life being lazy". This means that I need to get up and do what was asked of me to do. My family knows how to give me good advice as to doing the right thing.

Mentoring stories from older, more experienced family members. My uncle Generic_Name mentoring stories are they best because he is one of my grandma's brothers. So he is always telling me these stories of how he would prank her but they always had a consequence. So he learned now that whats fun may not always be the right thing to do. My grandpa always has a story to tell me. Me and my grandpa used to be really close. Every Friday he would pick me up from my house and we would go play basketball. But that tradition stopped when he got too old to play and I started to have more frequent basketball practice and training. My auntie Generic_Name and her advice from her experiences in life. My auntie may not be the most successful person I know But she can always find fun in everything. And she is always telling me to smile and always try your best. My family is fun but there are life lessons in a lot of the stuff that we talk about.

The advice I receive from peers. My math teacher Generic_Name is one of my many mentors at school. She informs me about upcoming assessments in the class, she stays after school with me to go over tests and quizzes, and she reminds me to turn in work. My gym teacher Generic_Name. Generic_Name is my 8th period gym teacher. He helps me push my limits and reach high standard goals, I look up to him as a great man. My sister is probably my number one mentor. I can trust my sister and tell her anything. Before anyone I come to her for advice. Whether its girls, homework, a project, anything. Taking advice does not close people in your family that are older than you, but most of the time it does. I'm not close with all of my teachers but they still give me good accurate advice.

Getting advice from multiple people can greatly benefit you because of the different point of views. Not everyone experiences the same thing. Advice can come in many forms but it is the variety and the way that you receive it that benefits mentoring phrases used by family members, mentoring from family members, and advice from peers has so far guided me through life.