Distance learning is something that is in discussions all over the United States right now and could be an extremely useful tool. Online school is a fairly new way of getting an education and is mostly used by colleges rather than high schools. However, due to the recent outbreak of corona virus, online school is being used more often to help high school students get an education. Distance learning would benefit students greatly if there was a reason they couldn't be in a classroom or were better learners in there own house as well as if school were to close for some reason.

In online school you can't show mastery of the skill in the same ways you could if you were in a classroom, but there is other ways to prove your knowledge. In school you take tests to prove mastery of the skill or topic you've just learned. If you were doing online school, those same tests would be extremely easy, as you could just look at your notes. However, there are many other ways to show mastery of a skill. Teachers have proposed open note quizzes or an essay format type of test. They could also assign projects or slide-shows to force the students to actually have to research and learn about the topic they are supposed to be tested on. There are many ways you can show mastery without having to do a multiple choice quiz or test.

Online school is also an extremely convenient and is a great tool if school was unable to be open for some reason. Recently the corona virus has put a spotlight on online school as school systems are shutting down throughout the world to help contain the virus. Recently, Generic_City Public Schools had a board meeting to discuss the matter, and are closing for a day to help teach their teachers how to use some distance learning features and teach them how it would work. Online school would also be helpful on snow days. Since students are unable to come to school, teachers could use online school as a great tool to help teach their students. Distance learning has many great applications if schools are unable to open for any reason.

Some people would argue that distance learning would show no benefit and would make it harder to learn material being taught to you. I disagree because it much easier to learn when you are put under the intense stress of having to keep up with everything or being put on a strict hour and a half time-line. Not only that, but sitting in a hard chair all day without being able to really move or socialize can make it much harder to concentrate. At home it is much easier to relax, as you can sit someplace comfortable and quiet and make it easier on yourself to concentrate on the assignment, or what the teacher is saying. Distance learning makes it much easier to concentrate and makes it less stressful for the students.

Distance learning is a great tool we can use to help students get an education. Tests and quizzes can be taken just as easily, but in different forms like projects, to help show the students has mastered the skill. Online school is extremely convenient if school were to close down temporarily. Online school can also help relieve stress off the students and help them concentrate more on whatever they're supposed to be learning. 