Luke Bomberger is a who had started working in a grocery story and a bank, just when he got out of high school. Once he went on this trip to Europe with his friend Don Reist. Luke started enjoying going to oversea trips, even though he knew it would take a long time. Have you ever wanted to take an oversea trip? If your answer is yes we would like you to come and sign up for The United Relief and Rehabilitation Adminstration. Its for SEagoing Cowboys that are willing to take care of horses, youngcows, and mules that are shipped overseas.

When you go through the proccess of going on the trip, don't get nervous. Luke Bomberger was a confident man to go on his journey with his best friend and was never really afraid. Every time you ride on that boat you feel more a live, which is a good thing. All you have to do is believe in yourself and you can do anything! Taking care of animals is another thing to, if you absolutely love animals than of course you might want to join. Especially if you are a farmer boy.

Going on the journey made Luke feel alive, and it should make you feel alive if you think you are going to join the club that takes you overseas. I know all the men loved to go on that trip to take care of many farm animals, especially if you do that your everyday life. When Luke was on that trip he loved it, he first(1st) went to New Orleans for the trip. They got there the day the Pacific war ended , on August 14th. On his first (1st) trip the crew he was with ended up with 335 horses on the cargo, and had enough to feed everyone including the men on the ship.

The story of Luke Bomberger is probably not urging you yet, but when Luke was official 18 he knew that he could join military. Then he thought I still love seagoing trips, so I'm going to stick with it so he did. Do you see how motivated Luke was to join the Club of UNRRA. Luke already taken a total of nine(9) trips and he was proud of it. Luke couldnt imagine his life without the trips he wouldn't have gone on so he stayed on going with it and he was confident in his choice.

Not just that but Luke got to visit other countries such as China and European countries, such as Venice, Italy. He also got to help people all over the world. He was so proud of what he did and so full of joy. Luke oncer got hurt on one (1) of his journeys. While Luke was checking on the anoimals on a very rainy night he slipped and fell but luckly there was a small piece of metal that protected Luke from flying off the deck into the Atlantic Ocean, but thanks to that small piece of metal he was saved.

So ask yourself do you want to join the UNRRA club(united Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Adminstration). If you do make sure on your descions that you want to do it. Anything is possible for anyone! If it was possible for Luke Bomberger than its possible for you! So sign up now if you want to be a success like Luke Bomberger! Keep in mind that you can see animals , help people, and you can also visit places you have never visited in your whole life.