What do you do on your free time? Many students are involved in extracurricular activities such as sports, working on school yearbooks, or helping out as the student council. I think extracurricular activities is something that students should participate in because it would help students to balance their time, they would aslo stay active, and it can help students to get into collage.

One reason why I think students should participate in extracurricular activity is because they would learn to balance their time. With school work, family plains, and extracurricular activities in mind students are forced to balance them all. For example, when I was in elementary school I didn't have to worry about balancing my time because I didn't have much going on. Now that I'm in middle school with a lot on my plate, I have to make a schedule to balance things out. With extracurricular activities it would help students to practice balancing their time now, so that it would be easier as they get older.

The next reason why students should involve themselves in extracurricular activities is because it would keep them active. When students have a lot of time in their hands they tend to feel bored, so they procrastinate. For example, when my friends and I have a lot of time we tend to not use it productively, but wast it instead. This causes us to loose track of time. So by participating in extracurricular activities, students would be busy.

The last reason why I think extracurricular activity is something students should be involved in is because it would help them to get into college. Now a-days colleges not only look at grades when accepting students, but they also look at activities they did outside of school. With extracurricular activities on their college application, students are more likely to get accepted to a college compared to when they don't. For instance, a boy who graduated at the top of his class applied for his dream college. On the other hand, a girl who was also at the top of her class was applying for the same college. The college looked at both students' college applications and accepted the girl. The school accepted the girl because she was able to keep her grades up while participating in extracurricular activities.

In conclusion, I think students should participate in extracurricular activity because it would help them to balance their time, it would keep them active, and it would help them to get into college. Although, some people would disagree for reasons such as it would be too much things to think about, or that it would be tiring I still strongly encourage them to at least try one extracurricular activity.