Driverless cars would truly be an immense change in the daily lives of every driver in the world. A future where getting a license is no longer heard of and taking driving tests would just be a part of history would be the effect of these cars. Imagine how current parents and grandparents say how they grew up without televisions or cell phones, later on they will be saying how they had to drive their own car, and it will be mind blowing to everyone's future children.

My personal opionion on driverless cars is against them. I don't see how it is necessary for all cars to be re-done and have so much work put in to the idea of driverless cars, when we could just simply drive them ourselves. I don't see the importance of it. I believe to have a license and be capable of driving is a grand achievement. Every child looks forward to the day they can pass, first their permit test, and then later on, their driver's test. What happens when the driverless car stops working and is only able to drive with an actual driver? The skill of driving is very important, and it would be a shame to see that skill no longer necessary to learn in the future.

I can think of many more downfalls to the driverless car than positives. Not to mention, the amount of problems that can come about with these vehicles. If the car suddenly goes out of control or the car has to pull in a driveway? The driver will need to take over. I don't see a high possibility of these cars becoming available considering the innumerable amount of mishaps that happen when driving.

The article mentioned that automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved, but how can they be positive? Things can easily go wrong with this make, and to me, the effect isn't worth the risk. Car crashes are very harmful things mentally and physically to a human being and who's to say driverless cars will stop them?

In conclusion, i can't picture driverless cars being the official cars of the future. In order for them to have their full use, everyone would have to have a driverless car. Expenses, weariness of the model, and people who aren't willing to give their driving ability up wil be the ones to put a stop to driverless cars. I think some may own a driverless car, but there will never be a time when driverless cars are the only cars being used.   