When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person, And I think that is fine. asking more than one person can give you different point of views on a subject, one person might not be as smart or wise on the subject that you asked advice for so asking more than one person could solve that issue, and if you ask multiple people and many of them say the same thing you might have already found which advice is the right one.

When you ask many different people chances are, you will have many different point of views, but I think the more options the better, it's like asking advice for what cereal to buy, you ask many people and get many options, each person telling you why you should buy a certain cereal and eventually you will find the one that makes the most sense, the cheapest cereal with the biggest box and not too much sugar. If you only asked one person for one cereal to buy you would almost automatically buy that cereal because someone told you it's the best.

Asking one person advice might not be a good idea, that person might not be the smartest or the wisest when it comes tho the topic you are asking advice for or that person could just be giving you bad advice. If you ask "hey when should I do my homework day or night" to many people, some might know when is the best time because they have done both whether if you ask one person they might just say night because that's when they do it or the day it's due or asking even serious topics like "how do I deal with parents getting a divorce" If you asked me and me only I wouldn't know what to tell you because I have never experienced that before, but if you asked more than one person someone might have the answer, many might have different answers or options on the topic.

let's say you asked multiple people for the same advice, advice on cereal again, even if the answer is not clear an other factor you can add in is the majority rule, Just see which option is brought up the most and take that into consideration. this could be important because If you ask one person like "hey do you think I should do the homework later" that one person that you asked could just say "no don't do it" basically giving you bad advice, unlike if you ask multiple people, most would tell you to do it which is good advice.

In conclusion it is better to ask multiple people advice on something because that way you can get different point of views, some people might have experienced what you asked for therefore have the best solution, and you could see if most said one answer. It is important to have different options and to not Google everything because Google isn't the answer to everything believe it or not.