"Hey Generic_Name?" Generic_Name asked as she sped up to Generic_Name in the hallway. "Yeah what's up?" Generic_Name said with a comforting smile. "Well I have a little bit of a situation, and I can't really figure out what to do." said Generic_Name disappointingly. "Okay... What's the situation?" Generic_Name stuttered. "Alright, so I caught Generic_Name hanging out with another girl last night, but he said nothing happened. I don't know if I should give him a second chance or break up with him. What do you think I should do?" Generic_Name explained. Generic_Name stopped right in her tracks and glared at Generic_Name. "Generic_Name, ARE YOU KIDDING. He was with another girl that wasn't you! That's a clear I don't wan't to be with you kind of act!!" Generic_Name yelled. Generic_Name sighed, "I know but it was really unlike him, and I trust him completely." Generic_Name rolled her eyes, "Well if it were me, it'd be over." Generic_Name nodded her head, "Well, I'm going to ask Generic_Name what she thinks before I take action. I just need to get a second opinion before I make a decision." Generic_Name sighed, "Okay, let me know what happens.. I hope you make the right choice." Generic_Name said goodbye to Generic_Name and walked to her car. Later that night she called Generic_Name. Generic_Name told Generic_Name the exact opposite of what Generic_Name said. Generic_Name said that if it was very unlikely that he would do something like that, then she should tell him that if it happens again its over. Generic_Name agreed with Generic_Name's way of thinking. So that is exactly what Generic_Name did. There are a lot of situations out there where people are feeling exactly how Generic_Name felt, cold and lonely. Like if that choice they had to make would lay out the rest of their life. But if Generic_Name didn't get a second opinion then she could've lost her relationship. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it could save potential friendships and relationships, it could prevent dangerous activities from occurring, and it could open the eyes of anyone who needs help making a hard decision.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it could save potential friendships and relationships. First, having friendships and relationships throughout life is extremely important. They create happiness, and I'm sure everyone needs people to lean on sometimes. For example, my friends Generic_Name and Generic_Name. They are and have been my best friends since I can remember. We have traveled the world together and all of my best memories are with them. However, arguments happen sometimes, and if an argument happens between close friends you should always get a second opinion. Because life can be so different and miserable without them.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it could prevent dangerous activities from occurring. First, before anyone does anything remotely dangerous they are going to tell someone about it. Whether it is drugs, alcohol, or even shop lifting. They are going to ask a close friend if they should do it. For example, my cousin was telling me about a time her friend almost drank at a party. Her friend asked her if she should do it, and of course my cousin said no. My cousins decision prevented a lot of dangerous acts that could've gone down that night. In conclusion, second opinions can save people in these certain situations.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it could open the eyes of anyone who needs help making a hard decision. First, whenever you have a hard decision to make you would most likely ask someone else either if its correct, too long or too short, or if it looks good perhaps. For example, Generic_Name, Generic_Name, and I went dress shopping last weekend. She asked us both how we felt about each dress she tried on. Although her opinion was still valued, our opinions were also incorporated with her decision on what dress was the perfect dress for her. However, sometimes Generic_Name and I both had different opinions which made the situation harder. In conclusion, a second eye could really help an outcome of a situation.

All in all, second opinions are extremely important. Whether it comes to dangerous situations or even fun situations. When people ask for advice, we should always give our absolute honest opinion. In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it could save potential friendships and relationships, it could prevent dangerous activities from occurring, and it could open the eyes of anyone who needs help making a hard decision.        