Policy 1

Policy 1 states that students are allowed to bring phones to school and use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as phones are turned off during class time. I believe this policy should be used. I believe this policy should be used because students are given the right to communicate with others. If they use them on their free time then i don't believe it would be distracting to others. You might be thinking " why would they need them?". There are multiple reasons. one would be a personal connection, if a family member is sick, in the hospital, or has had experience with falls, injuries, and needs someone to talk to, then i feel it is my job to help them at any time. so on my free time, i would call to make sure that they are okay, and if they need someone to talk to I'm here for them. If this policy is abused then it can be taken away. I think if students were allowed to use their phones at certain times then they wouldn't use them during class. It would make schools more appealing to students that don't feel that school is as reasonable as teachers and parents claim it to be. However, There are negatives to this policy as well. For example, after lunch, when phones are supposed to be turned off, students will not want to turn them off, due to the conversation that they were previously in because they still want to talk to this person(s). Another example of a negative affect is that after lunch, or there free time, they could be distracted by a text that might have upset them, like a break up, gossip, or cyber bulling. Policy 2 is unfair, and could cause student to break that policy, and not like school because they feel that it is a "Stupid" or "Unreasonable" rule. Also cheating is a problem with cell phones. Even though schools usually don't have service, it can lead to cheating, especially after lunch. I know this one school where the students put their phones on the teachers desk before the test, and they get it back as soon as its done. I belive that