The idea of an autonomous car is very interesting but it should not be developed into an actual product. Though there are a few luxuries that come with an autonomous car there are quite a few more liabilities that come with it. The following are just some of the issues that could come up with the driverless car.

The first issue that could come about with these driverless cars is their reliance on absolute perfect conditions. The cars that they have tested needed to be put on a special test course to be used. These roads were nearly perfect roads unlike the roads that we drive on every day. To make this car street legal they would have to make major upgrades to the current roads and that would be way too expensive for the government to do. This is just too expensive to be a feasible idea.

The next issue that may possibly occur is legal disputes. If a car is not being controlled by the human inside of it and it crashes in to another car who is at fault for the wreck? That question will lead into a lot of legal disputes involving the cars if the technology fails. There will be owners who blame the manufacturer for the wreck because they made the technology that failed. They could also blame the driver in the car because they were not paying enough attention to take control of the car and prevent the accident from happening.

The third and final issue is the fact that the cars are not truly driverless. These cars are advertised as self driving cars but in reality they still require a driver. This will problems because if the technology fails and does not alert the driver when they need to to control of the car it could lead to accidents and possibly even deaths. Even if the technology does not fail the slightest of delays when sending a warning that they need to take control of the car could result in an accident or maybe even death. This ties in with the previous point about the legal liabilities that come with the driverless cars.

Overall the autonomous cars are a fascinating idea and one that many people may support but in reality they are a legal liability and they would cost a lot of money and possibly cause accidents or even deaths due to a failure or delay in the cars system that lets the driver know when to take control of the car.   