Driverless cars, although fascinating and revolutionary, are not a good idea. There are many flaws about the current driverless cars that are on the road today. Humans need to operate it in order to navigate through complicated circumstances, smart roads to help solve that problem are very expensive and non-practical, and there are many legal troubles stirred up by these vehicles. These problems are simply not worth the idea of a smart car. In my opinion, driverless cars should stay off the road.

There are many flaws that come with driverless cars. One of these flaws is the fact that the skills of a human operator are required to navigate these "driverless cars" through complicated situations, such as road construction or driving around an accident. In the passage "Driverless Cars Are Coming", the author states in paragraph two, "...Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways, or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents." If a human operator has to take over the "driverless" car periodically, there is no point in even having a car that can drive through simple traffic with ease. One solution to the fact that a human operator must take over when facing roadwork is the idea of smart roads. Smart roads would use a cable to send radio signals to a receiver on the front of a car. The trouble is, replacing ordinary roads with these smart roads would be "simply too expensive to be practical," the narrator states in paragraph three. Legal troubles involving driverless cars are a whole different issue. In paragraph nine, the author explains, "Still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault--the driver or the manufacturer?" Driverless cars are bound to malfunction at one point or another. New laws would have to be established in order to properly provide justice in the case of someone's injury or death. This problem is too tedious and not nearly worth the idea of a driverless car.

There are too many reasons to go against the idea of a driverless car. Human driving skills will be required and used anyway, smart roads are very expensive and non-practical, and there are many legal troubles involving smart cars. Perhaps in twenty or so years when these problems can be efficiently solved, smart cars will be a good idea. But in this day and age, with these problems, driverless cars are not worth it. Smart cars should stay off the road.   