As sickness spreads unsparingly across the nation, many schools wonder how to slow the spread of the potential plague, while continuing their students education. Distance learning is a perfect solution for this worldwide problem. I believe distance learning would be very beneficial because, it would minimize the spread of sickness, relieve stress of the students, and provide a reasonable resource for students to be responsible.

First, I believe that distance learning could have a major role in stopping the spread of sickness. Every year in schools, sickness spreads through the students. Sick students chose to come to school despite being very sick because they dont want to get behind on their school work. Missing one day can create at least a week of makeup work for students depending on the intensity level of their class. So understandably these sick students decided to go to school. They then infect other students. This process is almost incurable and is a continual occurrence in every High School. However, Distance learning would provide a way for students to attend class from home. This would allow students to stay up on their work, while not infecting other students. As a much more serious sickness is seeming to infect our nation, distance learning could provide a way for all students to learn from home. This could temporarily provide health in communities, and ultimately result in a healthier nation.

Distance learning could also be a major way to relieve the stress that students feel when they miss class. Varying reasons require students to miss class during the school year. In higher level courses, a monumental amount of work is completed in every single class. This work creates stress in students there for the class, however students that have to miss class are always much more stressed, and may spend weeks trying to make up missed work. Distance learning would allow students in various places for varying reasons to be able to connect with their class through video conferencing, or other online media to attend class. Resources and worksheets can be found on their class website. Students can print these resources and complete the work during the session, just like they were at school. This beneficial option would create a less stressed environment for students that cannot mke it to class, by allowing them to stay up to date on their work.

Distance learning provides a reasonable resource for students to be responsible. Some may say that distance learning would diminish any responsibility students have of making up the hours they missed, saying that this makes it easy for students to miss class. However distance learning teaches productivity to students in doing work they otherwise would have missed. Distance learning is not motivation to skip class because you have to be in the video conference during class hours, meaning you cannot be doing anything else. Distance learning provides a perfect way to dilute stress from students required to be away from class while not benefiting those who skip class. Distance learning is a excellent resource for proactive, and productive students who cannot attend class in person.

Finally, distance learning is a very beneficial resource for all students. Distance learning relieves students from stress, but continues to challenge them in positive ways. Distance learning creates healthier communities, and provides students with good habits. Distance learning is a positive system that should be implemented in all school districts across the nation, it will ensure health, relieve stress, and teach responsibility.         