Students of the United States of America have you ever wondered what it would be like to do school work from home rather than actually go to the school and learn there. Students in college have had the option to take online courses instead of actually attending a college class directly for a while now. Now some high schools are beginning to offer up a similar program to students as of recently. Students it is a lot better to do school work from home because students would feel better in a familiar environment therefore allowing them to work more efficiently, a school could also save much more money on transportation costs allowing a school to have a bigger budget and finally the recent COVID-19 case has scared much of America today, so by allowing students to work from home there is a substantial decrease in the case a disease like this spreads quicker.

Although some may argue against this by saying that if students don't have access to computers at home how would this work. There are many ways to get around this such as giving the students school issued laptops for a year allowing them access any programs they may need at home. Also in the case has a school wide exam they can use their school building itself as a testing center for students. Although there are many opinions beside this one to consider.

First off, students feel better and work more efficiently in a familiar environment. Many studies have shown that people who work from home are less stressed; therefore, they work much more productively then they would in a unfamiliar environment. For example, a student typically who is very studious may be distracted by other students who disrupt the working environment, working from home would allow the student to be much more efficient do to the less distractions he has to deal with, therefore they will earn better grades. This is not the only reason students should have the option to do school from home.

Secondly, the school itself can receive many benefits by giving the students the option to learn from their home. The school would be able to receive to save much more money on transportation, due to the reduced number of students a school would need to give a ride to school. For example, many schools today suffer from a lack of available transportation for students making it so many if not a large portion of students miss attending school do to this. Allowing students to work from home works in both turn for the school and the students. This by itself may sound impressive but this is not all benefits allowing students the option to work from home has to offer.

Lastly, students, parents and staff who have fears of any disease, epidemic or fear of general security in general may find it much more viable to allow students the option to work from home. Many people around the globe have voiced their concerns over the recent epidemic known as COVID-19 which has struck fear in many people of today's society. For example, say that the epidemic gets so bad in the USA that parents are refusing to send their children to school, than the school could still have those students work from home without any disruption, allowing the school to continue to run as intended.

So students of the USA it sounds like a pretty good deal overall, and not just for you but many others benefiting many while helping a lot more. Students should be allowed the option to attend school from home because students would work more effectively from home, schools could save much more money on transportation and finally students, parents and staff would not have to worry about any disease or epidemic, such as COVID-19, from spreading to them any time soon. So make sure to voice you're support on allowing students the right to attend school from safety and comfort of their own home. 