Ever since phones have entered into the world, it has since then become a part of a person's everyday life. With such an important impact that helps what people do in all fields of work, it is no surprise that people use phones wherever they go. Another important inclusion in a person's everyday life is a car, which is also used by people everyday, though cars have proven to be a lot more dangerous than a phone if a person is not paying attention to the road. Many accidents have happened as a result of people not paying attention to the road and this is exactly where a phone comes into play. As previously mentioned, phones are a part of a person's everyday life, and with that much involvement with a phone it often tends to follow people to them while they are driving their car. When people are on their phone while driving, their chances of getting into an accident greatly increase. Though it may seem harmless at first, operating a phone in any capacity while operating a vehicle is dangerous and should not be allowed.

"Car crashes happen every minute of the day", according to the National Highway Traffic Administration (NHTSA). According to Teensafe, "Distracted driving accounts for approximately is 25% of all motor vehicle crash fatalities...58% being teens." Ironically, teens use phones more than adults as they are more involved with social media websites and apps. Teens, unlike adults, are also more inexperienced at driving, making the act of them using phones even more dangerous than adults. With all the things that people have to pay attention to on the road, it is almost impossible to do both at the same time.

"Sending or reading a text causes drivers, on average, to take their eyes off the road for five seconds," according to Teenlife. Anything can happen in one second when a person's eyes are not on the road, imagine what could happen in five. Whenever a person uses their phone, their chance of being in a crash increases by twenty-three. There are three types of distracted driving and texting fits all three types which is visual, manual, and cognitive. Using a phone causes a person to take their eyes of the road, take their hands off the wheel, and to take their mind off of the road. Because texting can become all three types of distractions, it's arguably the most dangerous action to participate in while driving.

Once again, phones have become a major part of the human life, and as a result, people constantly use their phones. Whether it is to check a text or watch a quick video, it is very dangerous to even attempt this while in a car. Operating a phone or any brand or size should not be allowed while operating a vehicle. Using a phone while not driving is not safe and has proven to be deadly. Hopefully, people will learn not to text and drive and be safer on the road.         