Phones and Driving

Cell phones a tool widely used in our society today. A cell phone has many purposes it can be used for communication, entertainment, and information. Most people have their own cellular devices. All around, it's extremely useful, but can also be very distracting leading to mishaps occurring. Lots of people like you and I have a horrible habit of using our phones, while operating dangerous machinery like automotives. Which increases the risk of accidents occurring. Laws should restrict the usage of cell phones use while driving on the road to prevent accidents from transpiring.

Distractions lead to mishaps happening more often increasing the risk of injury to oneself and others around them. Many people use their cell phones while driving. In fact, "1 out of 3 people text while driving" and "texting while driving increases the risk of crashing by 23 times" (NHTSA, 2019). Sometimes drivers get distracted but, "the maximum amount of time a driver can safely divert their attention from the road from is two seconds, it takes a driver five seconds - on average - to send a text message" and "82% of American teens have a cell phone. 52% of these teens note that they talk on the phone while driving and 32% text on the road" (TeenSafe, 2019). Everyday there is an accident and everyday "11 teens die in crashes caused by texting and driving" (TeenSafe, 2019). This loss of life can be avoided if there are regulations limiting the usage of cell phones.

Laws should be kept in place to help prevent the usage of cell phones while driving. With these laws unnecessary loss of life can be avoided, and accidents prevented. Every time someone is distracted on the road it increases the risk of a fatal accident. Many people out there all around should be safe and smart about driving, and the more they do the more lives are not at risk.

Work cited

Driving-Tests. org. "2019 Driving Statistics: The Ultimate List of Driving Stats." 2019 Driving Statistics: The Ultimate List of Car Accident Stats, 2019, driving-tests. org/driving-statistics/.

NHTSA. "Teen Driving." NHTSA, 23 July 2019, www. nhtsa. gov/road-safety/teen-driving.

TeenSafe. "Texting and Driving Crashes Facts and Statistics." TeenSafe, 19 Feb. 2019, teensafe. com/texting-and-driving-crashes-facts-and-statistics/.               