Life doesn't come without challenges and working to receive an education along with those road blocks can be tough for many people. Distance learning would be extremely beneficial to students because it would strengthen academic success and help over come everyday obstacles. The chance for an online or video conference education would help students to save time, cut down on expenses, allow for those stationed in other locations to join a class, and create more productive days for individuals with a full schedule.

The chance to learn from home would save time, money and the environment. There are many individuals who drive to their school building and using heavy amounts of gas overtime. This creates holes in their pockets because a large amount of their money is being used towards transportation. Driving everyday is also bad for the environment and having classes online would help decrease the amount of pollution in the air, thus saving ecosystems. Along with money and the environment, online learning would help individuals still make it to a class if bad weather or health conditions occurred. This way students would save the stress of many hours of missed work and be on schedule with the rest of the class. Thus, overcoming financial and personal stresses.

Distance education would also allow for anyone to take part in a class wherever or whoever they are. Many young parents struggle to finish schooling because they have the responsibility of a child. Learning online would give these individuals the opportunity to complete what they started without having to spend more money on childcare and risking a chance to bond with their child. This type of education would also adhere to those traveling or living in a far away location. Students would be able to get more done in their day and be able to take part in other activities while receiving an educational experience.

Lastly, some individuals would personally be more productive taking a class at home. Introverts thrive with having alone time and they would be recharged for more pressing matters that require social energy, like work. They will have a more efficient class and day without having to travel to the school. Those with social anxieties would not have to worry and avoid the social pressures of group projects or when asking questions. They would learn more because they wouldn't be afraid to type in questions to the professor, thus broadening knowledge. Individuals would use this accessible learning opportunity to build toward a career they were dreaming for.

Receiving an education online and remote would allow students to overcome the big obstacles and achieve academic accomplishment. Time and money would be used responsibly and go towards more important matters. Anyone, no matter what age or personal challenges, would be able to finish an education wherever they are located. Social anxieties would decrease and those who enjoy working alone would be more productive and successful with the class. Individuals would thrive and start the road to building a larger knowledge base. 