The face-like structure found on mars is just a natural landform. It looks like landfroms we would find on Earth and the photograph we took in 2001 says the same thing. Consider the following reasons why this landform was not created by aliens.

First of all, the landform looks like a mesa or butte from the American West. Jim Garvin, chief scientist for NASA’s Mars Exploration Program, says "“It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,” says Garvin. “That’s a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars.”" The author of this article says, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa—landforms common around the American West." The Face is not made by aliens. It is just a landform the happend to look like a face.

Second reason is this. The landform that looks like a face is the same as the other matian equivalent to buttes of mesas. There are other mesas on Mars it just happens that this one looks like a face. If you look at a 1976 Viking 1 photograph of the Face on Mars, you see there is another mesa or butte below the Face. This mesa or butte has no special form or image. It is just another mesa or butte. The Face is not made by aliens. It is just a natural landform the happend to look like a face.

The last reason why the Face was not made by aliens is because in 2001 NASA took a new, clear picture that shows the landform is not a face. In 1976 the Viking 1 took a photo that looked like a face. This is where the idea of aliens making the Face came into play. In 1998 a Mars Global surveyor (MGS) took a picture that did not quite look like a face but did not quite look like a nature land form either. It convinced some it was natural and some still believed that it was made by aliens. The author says, "Nevertheless, on April 8, 2001—a cloudless summer day in Cydonia—Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look...What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa—landforms common around the American West." The picture of the Face from the MGS in 2001 convinced most people that this was really a natural landform and the Face was just a coincedence.

The Face found on Mars is not made by aliens. It is a natural landform called a mesa or a butte. The picture of 1976 is misleading and out of date. The newest picture taken in 2001 shows the real, updated version. The landform is a mesa not an alien made creation.  