Imagine waking up to a call in the middle of the night saying you lost your loved one in a car accident because they decided a text was more important than their life? Texting while driving increases the risk of an accident 23.2 times compared to unimpaired driving which is a sobering statistic provided by the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute in 2018. Using the phone while driving has spread throughout the nation, and with people being so impatient in today's society, texting and driving has had damaging effects on people and their families. Phones have become a key part of our lives but it's our job as people to know when and where to use our phones especially as drivers. Driving while distracted by the phone can affect everyone involved physically, mentally, as well as financially.

Driving and texting is something very common, but a serious problem with detrimental effects. The main detrimental effect could be physical. When a person texts and drives, a person could cause an accident, which could not only endanger themselves, but it could endanger others.

According to the National Safety Council, "Cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year." These are deaths added to this already hectic world that could have been easily avoided.

Not only can texting while driving affect a person physically but it can also affect a person mentally.

While physical damage to a vehicle or physical injury to a person can often be resolved in a matter of days or weeks, emotional damage may last a lifetime. Author and blogger Rebecca Goldfarb recently categorized the types of emotional damage as shock, anger, guilt, anxiety and depression and even post-traumatic stress. Goldfarb added many people who are involved in an accident as either the driver or as the victim often need to receive professional care if the difficult emotions are lasting longer than expected.

The final way in which driving while distracted may negatively affect a person is financially. According to the website big AZ BIG Media, there are six types of costs that may happen following a car accident. The first two immediate financial costs involve the repair of personal property and the costs with healthcare and medical treatment. The second two financial costs involve possible legal fees and an increase to car insurance. Finally, the last two costs involve the loss of employment (income and benefits) and the possible cost of a career change if the person cannot return to their job.

In conclusion, texting while driving is not a wise decision. Texting while driving can negatively affect everyone involved physically, mentally and even financially. Oprah Winfrey summarized this point on April 26, 2010 on her website with these words "But this is a real problem we can do something about and get immediate results. All we have to do is hang up or switch off. It really is that simple. Once we do that, not another son or daughter will have to die because someone was on the phone and behind the wheel-and just not paying attention." The solution is simple, don't text and drive.               