A few days ago we discovered a giantic landform on the surface of Mars that you thought was a human face.

This structure that we found is not very detailed from what we can tell, if it was a face than it would most likely be a lot more detailed than what we can tell it is.

Why do you think that there is alien life on Mars, it is just so unlikely that I am surprised that someone as smart as you would believe in something so crazy.

After you read this you are not going to believe that this is an alien object on the surface of the Red Planet.

First of all, the picture that we took is extremely blurry because each pixel is forty-three meters! Maybe in the furture we will be able to get a clearer picture.

But for the time being we have to deal with what we have even if it is not all that great.

Earlier you said that you thought we were covering up that we found extra teresstial life up there. Even if we did why would we cover that up?

If we found out that we were not alone in the universe we would be funded even more that we are now.

It would be insane to cover something that big up. Only a mad man would to that!

In a few days both you and I will be hearing a lot from the theorist that we are coviering a ton of stuff up, well I can assure you that we would never do that due to the punisments if we were cought.

For now we will just have to assume that all we are seeing are shadows from the sun.

That is just the must logical explanation that we can think of, if we told the media that we have no clue what the object is the rumors would be worse than what they already are going to be!

So if you want to go and talk to the media about what you believe that you better but your name on it or I will make your life miserable!

So I suggest that you keep your mouth closed.

In conclusion, do you still think that the face on Mars is an alien made object? If later in the future when we get clearer pictures and it turns out to be a face than I am truly sorry that I didn't believe you in the first place. But if it was a face that we would be cover it up? If we discovered alians we would be funded so that we would be able to put sombody on Mars! But that will not happen for many many years. Also, since the picture was so blurry and we used to the best camera we might never know.