In the 1950's the General Motors created the special test track to use an eleteric cable that sends radio signals from the back of the car to the front of the car to tell people if they are in danger or if they need to taka over of the car! Also in the 1980's automakers used speed sensors at the wheels of the car so that they can use auto brakes. With in 10 years those sensors had become more advance with the Auto driving Cars and help respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers that may happen in a crash.

These smart-road systems worked very well and used massive upgrades to existing roads, that was simply to expencive. The smarter road option turned smarter cars. For starters they needed alot of sensors all around the car to help it protect the passengers inside of the vehical.

Driving Assisting is alot of help for people that are driving the Auto driving car! They have antilock breaks to help stop a crash waiting to happen. They also have a traffic jam assistant that funtions the speen up to 25 mph. Special sensors are behind the wheel so that the wheel makes sure that the driver keeps ahold of the wheel. The car can stear and use the break itself, and it can also warn the passinger when it wants the driver to take over the wheel. The car makes them take over the wheel because the car doesnt know how to get through work zones or around accidents. The way it helps people is the Auto brakes and the Traffic Jam Assistint, also the seats in the car vibrate the vehicle is in danger when trying to back up.

The laws focus on keeping drivers safe and the passangers safe while riding in this vehical. They also want to keep pedestrians safe when they are walking across the road or on the side walk! Most states these Auto Driving Cars are illigal like in California, Navada, and Flordia. The law acually agrees that these cars are safer even from all the stupid people whp drive on the roads.

I think that these Auto driving car would be alot safer! It will help people who like to text while driving and it will help people get in less recks in the future. I think that google making this Auto Driving Car was a fantastic Idea and i think alot of people will injoy them!             