In a society where things are always changing and schedules are always busy, cars and other personal motor vehicles have become a necessity. It seems as if cars have become a necessary mean for survival, rendering as important as something imparative like oxygen or water. Many families even have multiple cars in order to get to where the need to go. Even though cars have been so convienient and beneficial for people all over the world, there are some factors of cars that produce a negative effect. By eliminating or largly reducing car usage, the world would be more safe, more eco-friendly, and save the precious natural gases that the Earth provides.

For years people have been driving, and while most do it safetly, some do it recklessly and do not abide by the rules, sometimes leading to fatal outcomes. Reckless driving, careless driving, and driving under the influence has become one of the leading causes of death among young people, making many very skeptical or cautious about driving. Millions of people are lost each year in car accidents, leaving behind family members and loved ones to grieve in their place. If cars were to be elimated from the equation, all of these deaths could easily be avoided. By walking, riding bicycles, taking the bus or subway, or even a trolly or ferry, there will be an ensured reduction of accidents and an increase in safety and peace of mind.

In additon to increased safety, there would also be a significant reduction in the emissons of greenhouse gases. Greenhouse gases and smog have been polluting the atmosphere especially since the coming about of cars. It says in source four that transportation produces half of America's carbon emission. If car usage were to be limited or eliminated, there would be a noticable and significant decrease in the amount of carbon emissions in the air. Similarly, source one states that, " Passanger cars are responsible for 12 pecent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." If cars were to be ridden of, there would be much less green house gas poluting the atmosphere, therefore creating a cleaner environment and a brighter and longer future for the generations to come.

Similarly, the removal of cars from the world would mean the preservation of nonrenewable resources. Since cars run on gasoline, diesel, and other natural gases, the resources are being burned up faster than they can replenish themselves. There are other things that rely on the natural gases to work, cars included. If cars were to be eliminated, and not use the gases at the rapid rate that they do, there would be a huge reduction in the usage for fossil fuels, therefore preserving the remaining resources and only using them when mandatory. This would allow the natural gases to slowly increase and be able for use in the future.

In conclusion, the limitations of car usage would make a significant change in the way the world runs, however there would be many positive outcomes to it. Not only would it ensure a brighter, longer, and more promising future for the coming generations, but it would also relieve stress and worrying and grant peace of mind to many. Although there is no way to take back the damage already done to the Earth, this would greatly reduce the potential damage that could be done, and protect the future. It would provide oppurtunities for a a cleaner atmosphere, safer life, living in harmony with the ecosystem, and a chance to respect and protect the Earth we live on.    