The electoral college is a symbol of mockery and deprivation of our rights. Voting using this system to elect our leaders is proven null and serves to be removed. Implementing the popular vote in society will not only modernize it but give america its full name for democracy. For many years presidency has debated its ability to be renounced from Electoral college votes or the popular vote. The electoral college is a symbol of our rights as a US citizen being swept under our feet. More formally, this needs to be changed so the people of the U.S can have a greater say in our government, and those who run the country. Granting this power, we will not only modernize but become more democratic(Plumer-Paragraph-9).

According to the article " The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer, Not only do citizens agree with changing our system our own appointees do to. Major figures in politics like Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole and the U.S Chambe or commerce all agree to the abolishment of electoral college voting privaleges. A poll of over 6/10 voters agree that a direct election should be implemented by the people. This topic can be contreversal though. The best argument that reinstates its purpose says " Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president". So whats the contreversy about we elect them so they elect what we want. The best argument against this is the disaster factor. In the 1960's, segregationists in Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing democratic electors by electing electors who oppose John F. Kennedy(Plumer-Paragraph-10-11)

There are numerous factors that contribute towards the banishment of the Electoral College. Ranged from the favoritism of big states with big populations hence the higher amount of electoral votes, to the possibility of a tie in electoral votes. The system is unfair and a symbol of non modern democracy. Direct voting offers a chance to citizens of the US the ability to exercise voting and become part of the government in which we follow. If we always lived in this system, improvements must go on as time progresses so we as a nation can improve to become better. Changing our government is just another major step in our progress to becoming the most sucessful nation.

Changing our system so the voters of the US governize america by direct election is a essential change. According to the article "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president" numerous stories have been told that the Electoral college is an act of anachronism(Posner-Paragraph-15). If the people of the US work hard to remove this we can modernize society forever and make US a better democracy. If we fail to do so, we risk taking a major step backwards in time causing another seggregation act. We have been deprived of many of our rights for too long throughout history and now we have the ability to change. The electoral college has been a shaded act of seggregation and need to dperived of its rights and shut down at a notice.    