Much like the strike of a cobra, cellphones seemingly hit and instantly impacted the world. Their prevalence in today's society is undeniable and has become one of the world's most widespread tools. Their knack-like size employs their use at almost all times, allowing their beholder to multitask while using the device. This one small trait is the very essence of people's disagreement with them. Many people stand against using cellphones and driving as this creates a problem for all drivers near and far. Cellphones should not be used while driving if you wish to be able to use it again.

The age of cellphones started, what seems like, yesterday and they had already grabbed the public's eye. They allowed people to stay in touch even when the ones they wish to touch aren't near by. This very reason is what created the epidemic and addiction to cellphone, connection. The connection across all boundaries is what's gotten so many people glued to their cellphones. People nowadays can't go 10 minutes without checking their phones. Almost everywhere you go, phones-phones-phones, their everywhere, in people's hands, to people's ears, in their pockets, their unavoidable. It's even gone so far that many professionals have begun questioning if cellphone addiction is real.

Another major part of the problem is teenagers. As teenagers began to transition into the real world, some the first things they get are cellphones and their driver's license. The phone almost always becomes an attachment. Along with the freedom to drive, this creates problematic gaps in society. Many teens are not the most focused individuals. They are often guided by impulse rather than intellect, and the simple beep of a text message is just the right impulse. A simple "L.O.L." is all it takes to ruin their young lives. A few short words could potentially take the premature life of someone all because there hasn't been any real steps taken to not allow this.

In conclusion, cellphones' grasps on the world is one that is hard to deny or shake. Many individuals have even become addicted to their devices. This addiction has caused a grave number of problems for the world such as accidents, car wrecks and even death in some cases. These tragedies have heavily impacted our youth as they are some of the most at risk an afflicted. These young people are our next generation and we should try our best to protect and guide their lives to the greatness they can achieve. Therefore, cellphones should not be used while driving.      