Summer projects are usually used to keep students engaged in the learning mindset while being out of school for a long period of time(Summer). It is a way for teachers and schools to remind students what they are expected to come to grips with, once the summer comes to an end. Students often times dread the idea of a summer assignment, but then find it to have been beneficial in the long run. It is only right that these summer projects are teacher-designed, because of how knowledgeable teachers are about the curriculum, what is expected to be learned in the upcoming school year, and what could happen if summer projects were student-based.

Firstly, teachers have already been taught the subject they are teaching, years before new students are coming into class to learn it. The variety of struggles and questions that students ask are usually very common and become consistent as the years go by. Teachers pick up on these things and automatically frame the school year around those struggles as well as ones that are shown among the new class. For example, as a student there are times where a question needs to be asked to the teacher. In a typical scenario the teacher will answer and the student will trust them with the answer they give them. This same trust should be used when given these summer assignments as teachers are more knowledgeable than a typical student is.

Secondly, to elaborate, many students have heard teachers say something along the lines of, "We will have a test on this when everyone gets back," or "This stuff will be very important for the upcoming year." Teachers say these things because they know what they have to teach students and know what is to be learned by the end of the year. It is best to keep students engaged in the subject while creating a headstart of the quarter. There is an entire outline of what is supposed to be taught to students by each quarterly deadline as well as the school year deadline. Everything is laid out in the best way possible and for more experienced teachers, have been used for years. With that being the case, what is usually confused by students and what is crucial to know, is already known by teachers before the year starts.

Lastly, if projects in the summer were just student-designed, the whole idea of a summer assignment wouldn't be as productive. Students would still do the assignment, but they would design the project to be more beneficial to them. For example, everyone has studied one time in their life, and know how much effort has to go into it in order to get a great grade on a test. What students now tend to do, is only study the things that they feel most comfortable in. This is a way to feel content and confident in the subject because of the known portion in that unit. With this inquiry being the case, it is only reasonable to say that there will be a similar outcome if summer projects were student- designed. Instead of doing something new, they will make the project based on something that is already known.

To conclude, summer projects should be teacher-designed because of what the entire purpose of what a summer assignment is suppose to accomplish. Schools should have teacher-based summer projects because of the knowledge teachers consist of about the curriculum, what they already expect to be learned in the upcoming school year, and what is most likely to happen if student projects were student-based.