Dear Principle,

I feel that to be successful in life you have to help other people. Community service is a great way to get kids involved in other things rather than sitting at home and playing video games, or watching T.V. being active in your community is also something that would look great on a college application. It's kind of a win-win scenario. Think about it, what if you were stuck at home and had nothing to do? Most kids would say well I can go to the movies and see the same movie that I've seen a million times to squash my boredom. but i would say that you should go help pick up some trash at the park or, Help your next door neighbor with their homework. That would be the right thing to do.

Community service is also a good way to build character. It helps you to feel like you are worth something. If you help clean up a dirty lake and find out that you saved 100's of fish and wildlife, it is going to boost your confidence. Kids at school would rather just be in a clique or hang out with "the cool kids" to help themselves feel good, but hopefully they will learn that helping someone feels ten times better than making other kids feel bad. Sometimes, kids take advantage of people and make them do things that they don't want to do to make themselves feel good. That is not something that anyone wants to feel. I think that getting kids involved their community would be a good way to help them with school, home life, your confidence level, and even your attitude. But, most importantly it will help other people around your community.

I have told you my opinion and that is all that I can do because now it is your turn to decide what should be done. Should we leave kids to play video games all day, or should we get them active and help boost their confidence level. I hope you will do the right thing and choose the second one but if not, I know that i can't do anything about it. By requiring community service you will be helping these children greatly. It would provide A healthy and bright future for them to grow on.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME

P.S. I know that you will do the right thing.