A topic that is debated is if students should do online classes. Some people believe that there should be online classes. They believe that there should be online classes because the students can take there time and feel comfortable where they are . I belive that we shouldn't have online classes because student can ask for help when they need it, Students are better when they work together as a team and you can get extra help after school and before school .

Students can ask for help. Teacher can help students when they don't understand something instead of trying to look it up on the internet .Students don't learn from the internet or they will just forget. Online classes is good but what if the students doesn't understand then they would just stay confused. The teacher can show them in person then in a computer screen. If students did online classes what if they don't understand there work because they can't just call there teacher sometimes they don't answer.

Students work better when they work together. Group projects can help them in the future when they got to work with other people. They can learn from each other and there mistakes . When the students are in groups they don't do it solo and they can get the more work done. They get to meet new people that they never ever get to talk to and make new friends. Online classes you just listen to the teacher and ask question do the same thing but can never work with other people.

There extra help after and before school. Online classes there no before or after school it just the time of your classes. In School the teacher stay after or come before school to help students with their work or the ones that just doesn't understand . The Teacher helps them with homework so they don't have to do it at home and the same with classwork if they don't get it done there after school. There also people who have to do stuff after school so there is before school where they can come early and do there workk.

I believe that we shouln't have Online classes because student can ask question,student have more fun doing group activity and if the students need help they have after and before school to get extra help.

Online classes isn't really necessary it wouldn't effect anything.

Teacher are more helpful then computer.                                         