Isn't it wonderful to know that you get a chance to design an independent project made by your own thoughts and ideas?! Back in my home country I use to attend a school where I was assigned a project by my teacher to complete over the summer. That didn't go well for me because I already knew how to do everything she assigned me, which didn't increase my level of knowledge at all. It makes it very boring to work on something that someone else is assigning you and you dont get a chance to learn. Summer projects should be student-designed because it makes them more enjoyable for students to work on, gives them a reason to sit back and observe, and teaches them to follow responsibility.

First off, projects should be designed by students because it makes them more enjoyable for students to work on. My friend use to go in a school where she had a chance to design her own project over the summer and she said that it was great working on it. In fact, she focused more on the topics she was weak in during the school year. Projects are very fun to work on when you know exactly how you're going to design it. I personally love working on stuff where I dont have anyone giving me directions. However, I'm pretty sure none of us like being given a specific topic to work on and just getting stuck with it.

Secondly why projects should be student-designed is so the students have a reason to sit back and observe. Although, everyone is always busy partying around and having fun until they remember that they also have a task to complete. They will set time besides gamboling and sit down to think how they want to design their project. Students will learn to generate new ideas and have the power to think fast. Since teachers always design things for students to work on if, for example, homework, classwork, labs, and etc..why not give the student a project to design by themselves.

Lastly, summer projects should be student-designed because it teaches the student to follow a responsibility. If project is designed by the teacher, students will know in the back of their head what they specifically need to work on and they won't find that extra time for critical thinking. Most of the students will keep delaying their project because they know their already provided with what they need to work on. This makes it important to give the students a chance to get something completed in their own time with their own thoughts and ideas.

In conclusion, I'm pretty sure a lot of students enjoy working more on what they design than what the teacher assign them. It makes them feel like a grown up knowing that now they have the ability to design a project by themselves. They know to find time and have the responsibility to think on their project because it's going to be graded and turned in after the break ends. It would be really satisfying to see how different students create projects which they design by themselves without any help!         