Dear Principal TEACHER_NAME,

My name is STUDENT_NAME and I am a student here at SCHOOL_NAME. I agree with what you are doing to the school policy. An education is important for future life. It is more important than playing sports for your school. If a student wants to play sports, he should have at least a B- average. What happens if you end up getting kicked out of the sport and are forced to get a job. Most of the good paying jobs won't accept you without a certain degree whether it be bachelors or doctorates. You need the grades for the high paying jobs. Colleges usually review your grades before they let you play on their team and let you attend their college.

If the student really wants to play on the school team, then s/he should be taking his/her grades and education seriously. Until s/he is in college that student should have to get at least B averages. Let him/her get on the team even if his/her grade is 3 points under a B, but make him/her get his/her grades up or s/he gets cut off the team. If s/he doesn't have a B average come the semi- championships/championship games, s/he gets benched. Even if s/he is the best player on the team. That way there is some incentive to keep the grades up- or get them up.

In conclusion, I believe you are doing the right thing by changing the school policy. Allow the student to play if s/he has at least a 77 grade average but make him/her get that grade up to an 80 average before the "big game". And you are probably thinking oh he is just a kid that doesn't play sports for the team. But the truth is I did run on the SCHOOL_NAME Track team so I know what those "big games" are like. When you get booted off the team- I didn't: my mom took me out because I didn't keep up with chores- it doesn't feel "cool". You think "I could have helped the team win" and you start feeling down or mad. Either way- this isn't a personal paper-

I believe that you are doing the right thing for the students and school alike- even if they don't like it.