Have you ever asked multiple peope the same question? The chances are you have, this is becuase asking multiple poeple the same question will get you the best results. For example if you asked five friends what day it is and four of them say monday you can conclude that it is monday. However there is always a chance that all four of your friends are wrong, to make sure the responses you get are correct it is important to ask more poeple. This idea of proving information with repeated results is even used in science. Scientist have to repeat experiments multiple times over to make sure that the results they get are consistant. The thing is, not every question has a right or wrong answer. A lot of the time people ask for others opinions or advice, when asking for other peoples opinion it is also very important that you ask multiple people. The reason for this is becuase everybody has different point of views on the same topic. When asking for an opinion it is good to know multiple point of views so that you can make the best conclusion.

Asking multiple people the same question does not only apply to when you talk with others but it can also teach you many important skills in life. For example if I am looking something up on the web it is important to be in the habbit of looking throung multiple sources. In life it is extremely important to pull information from multiple sources becuase it gives you more insight on the topic. For this reason it is super important to ask more than one person for advice.

asking more than one person for their opinion not only gives you a more educated conclusion, but it's a way to get to know people better. As humans we tend to want to grow stronger relationships with the people around us. People might not know it, but when they ask other people for their opinion or advice they are actually getting to know them better.

Taking the time to ask multiple people when you have a question can be very benificial becuase it will get you the most educated conclusion. Not only that but it will help you see other peoples point of veiw which is an important thing when building stronger relationships with the poeple around you. Now that you know this next time you need advice try asking more than just one person.