Have you ever thought about what your life would be like without a car? May of us can't even seem to grasp the concpet. So many America's are too dependant on their vehicles but, other places across the world such as; Germany, Paris, and Bogota have began working on this new concept. I strongly support the idea of no car usuage, just think of the benefits that could come from it, conservation of rescourses, lowered pollution, improved safety, and just think of all the money you would save without a car. The possiblities are endless.

Pollution and bad air are problems we face all around the world, and cars have much to do with it. "If the pattern persists- and many sociologists believe it will- it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment" (Source 4: The end of Car Culture). Intense pollution and bad health are problems that are faced all around the world, imagine the positive effects we would see not only in our enviroments but in our own selves if we stop car usage. We need to protect the world we live it by keeping it clean, also keep ourselves healthy in order for survival.

Many families lose loved ones every year due to vehicle related accidents, cars and traffic have a good percentages of deaths each year. "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capitol of France, after five-days" (Source 2: Paris bans driving due to smog). Congestions has to do with traffic, adults complain every day about traffic and how dangerous it is. "It's a good was to take away stress" (Source 3: Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota). We spend a lot of our lives streesing over many things, why add the stress of traffic and wrecks? We have many more important things to spend our time worrying about, we shouldn't stress over something that we can live without. Taking away vehicles would wipe out stress, traffic, and many deaths a year.

Financal problems aren't a forgein subject. Almost everyone can recall a time in their life either when they were facing the problems themself or heard about a close friend or family memeber going through a tough time. "All of our develpoment since World War 2 has been centered on the car, and that will have to change" (Source 1: In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars). Not only people but countries have been guilty of putting cars infront of other neccessities. Many young adults will base their finances around a car of their choice when we all know their are far more imporant bills to be paid. Also, with taking away the centering of cars we have time to face and solve more imporant issues. Taking out cars would give people a chance to get their priorities straight.

This is why I strongly support the idea of no cars, I see nothing but positive results that would come and many other would agree. Improved safety, lowered pollution, improved safety, and money savings are just the beginning. I understand most can't imagine life without their vehicle but change isn't always a bad thing, especially when there's many factors at stake.             