It's always better to ask multiple people for advice because the person seeking advice might need help, or the person who is giving advice has been asked for the same type of advice before and knows what to advise them to do, or because the person seeking advice needs multiple answers to compare them and to see which is best. Multiple answers can show which answers are most common and why they're picked the most. It's more likely that common advice is the most logical advice that would help benefit you. However, it depends on asking the type of person. Asking a teacher, doctor or trusted adult can give you the best advice. However, friends or random strangers will most likely not give you the best advice.

For example, a student needed help with his civics DBQ, he hasn't turned it in but he needs help. Even though he's almost done with it, he wants someone to check it but he doesn't want to tell the teacher to check it because he doesn't want to let the teacher think he's too dumb or just wants the answers. He asked his friends and a trusted teacher for advice and most of his friends tell him to stay after school for help with his DBQ. His teacher recommended staying after school too, or hiring a tutor to help revise. However a small amount of friends told him to turn it in and slack off. As a result he decided to stay after school for help and the teacher corrected his punctuation, grammar and document citing. Instead of getting a C he got a B+ for seeking help. He then learned that staying after school was the better option because most of friends stayed after school too, and therefore got a better grade.

Another example would be peer pressure. A teen is being pressured to vape and try out the new e-cigarettes but he refuses although being felt left out. he asked his dad, coach and teacher for advice. They all told him the dangers of vaping and its addiction, as well as how could affect his education, role in the sports team, and in the future as well. As a result he decided to end the friendship with his friend group and decided to stay after school to meet new friends. The following week the friend group was caught doing illegal activities and all were sent to Juvenile Detention. This shows how asking trusted adults/teachers and asking parents can help benefit someone to avoid doing dangerous or illegal activity.

A final example would be a student trying to get people to sign his petition. A student is participating in a contest on who can get the most petitions signed on a particular global issue. The student asked for advice on how he could get more people to sign his petition for climate change. He asks his friend, civics teacher and online friend. The civics teacher told him to go to a popular location such as a mall, library or park and try to be friendly towards other people and try to convince them to sign your petition. However his friend and online friend told him that he needed to try to annoy the school and bug everyone he saw and try to convince them to sign his petition. He follows his friend's advice and decided to annoy the students at his school. He barely got any people to sign his petition and during the end of the contest, his opponent had beaten him by 20+ votes. Disappointed and sad, the student realized he should've followed his teacher's advice since she is an experienced adult. At the end of the day, it all depends on to who you are asking.

In conclusion, it's always better to ask multiple people for advice because the person seeking advice might need help, or the person who is giving advice has been asked for the same type of advice before and knows what to advise them to do, or because the person seeking advice needs multiple answers to compare them and to see which is best.