Dear State Senator,

Even though you're most likely aware of this, as the United States,we are currently using the Electoral College system as our voting process. This system should be abolished due to all of the factors that could go wrong. The Electoral College is a multiprocess system, which can confuse some of the voters. As an exapmle, there could be a case like this, "Is it Robert Peterson that's the elector for Jacqueline Smith, or Peter Robertson?" With uncertainty like this, we can't be sure if our leader was intentional or an accident. Some other confusion that can occur within electors is that they might say that they're going to vote for Jacqueline Smith, when in reality they are planning on choosing Henry Harrison. Another negative is that They often only visit swing states so they can over rule the large state. This isn't fair to other smaller states who may need the candidates motivation. Last, but luckly least possible, is that the number of total electors is an even number. Hopefully it doesn't get to the point of being a tie, but it will be a possibility for as long os the Electoral College is standing tall.

An alternative process to this current system would be Popular Vote. This would solve all of the problems listed above. If the election process is done by popular vote, there will be no confusion because it will all be done individually. An aditional plus of the direct voting being more straight forward is that the voters won't have to worry about whether or not the elector will vote for the candidate they want. With Popular Vote, the candidates will have to visit many more states in order to reach most potential voters, this is because they will see that the poeple of their party is spread all over the United States. There will also be less of a chance for there to be a tie becuase the voting is based per person, and with a bigger number there's less of a chance for the votes to be split evenly.

Hopefully after this being read, there will be a change to the current voting system the America.

From,

Your greatly concerned fellow Floridian            