Car usage can be so stressful sometimes. People are in a confined a space for a long period of time, it could smell weird, there's traffic, and then top of that people have road rage. While getting from point A to point B is important people don't have to use cars to do it all the time. Citie's would be able to have all the stores right in one place because there wouldn't need to be space for parking, there would be a lot less pollution in the air, it would be a great source of excersise, and it would be one less bill that people would have to wrry about.

Limiting how much we use the car would have a huge positive effect on the enviroment. It would make the air more breathable, pure, and reduce the amount of smog in the air. For example, in Paris they recently had to ban people from driving in order to reduce the amount of smog in the air. (source 2) People would also be able to save a lot much money too. Imagne never having to pay for gas or the car bill ever again. People would also be able to have more space in their homes, because we wouldn't need the garage to store the car.

Take Vauban, Germany for example. They have given up cars in their city. People can still own cars but you have pay $40,000 just to park the car "at the edge of the development ...along with a [house]." A mother of two, who lived in Vauban, said that " when [she] had a car, [she] was always tense." (source 1) If the U.S. started doing this stores would be able to be placed on a main street, rather than on a highway 20 minutes from the closest nighborhood.

Maybe, other countries could follow Bogota, Columbia's example and just ban cars for a single day every year. It's a good cway to promote people to excersise and stay in shape. It'd be a great opportunity to have fun, spend the day with your family, "take away stress and [reduce] air pollution." (source 3)

So, whether people are reducing their car usage because their city banned cars, they just want to stay in shape more, they want to reduce air pollution, they want save money or they found out that excersising is a great stress reliever. There are a lot of advantages to limiting people's car usage    