As people we ask people for advice to help us with are decisions or ideas. Advice is when someone ask someone else for some help or details about their idea or situation. Asking multiple people for advice is a good thing because when we are at a split decision we are able to separate the pros and cons of the advice given and make a better choice than the initial choice. Making a better choice will lay on the person's shoulders because they will have to take multiple peoples advice in consideration, but it is not on all on their shoulders because that is the reason they asked for advice. Seeking for advice in multiple opinions can help that person make a better choice by listening, being optimistic, and poise.

Listening to advice from multiple opinions will help people make a better choice because there are no bias answers if multiple people are giving someone advice. I think that when people listen to more than one source is good because it gives me a broad idea of the good choice I want to make. Usually some people do not listen at all and make a unhealthy decision for themselves. That is why listening is so important when asking for advice from multiple opinions because someones opinion could have been very helpful that person situation. If you listen the people helping or hurting it will be easier to make the better choice. This is a key part of making the better choice because there would be reason in asking for advice.

Looking for the good in the bad or being optimistic will help influence that person making the good choice. I always thought that being optimistic when asking more the person for advice is key because I never know what that person could say or tell me about my decision, idea, or situation. Having this trait is good for seeking advice especially when is more than one person because the advice a person gives us we might not like, so it is good to stay positive at these moments. Being optimistic will help that person look for the pros and cons of his or hers of the advice given to them. That means that when looking for the good he or she should consider the to make the best choice possible. With good always comes bad, but with being optimistic that person should be able to handle the advice from than one person and listen to effectively make the better choice for themselves or those around them from the advice that was given to them.

Being poised is showing great character under pressure and being patient for the outcome. Having poise in situation when asking for advice from multiple opinions calls for great poise. He or she must show that they can be patient, have good character, listen and be optimistic. Being of good character and having patients will allow that person to wait for the advice and listen efficiently to all the people who are giving their advice him or her. This will help that person make a better choice they have listened and been patient to effectively make the best choice. I think that having poise shows how a person handles advice and make their decision some type of pressure. This will help that person make the better choice because they will be able to handle the advice from multiple people.

Looking for advice in different points of view can help someone make a better choice by paying attention, being positive, and showing good character. When someone listens to the advice that different people give them, they are now able to pick the best choice or a make a better choice that was not thought of. Being positive will get that person seeking for advice from different sources will through the bad and the good of he or she situation. Showing great character will help the most because shows how much he or she takes that person advice serious to make a better choice. Taking advice from multiple opinion can be difficult to handle mentally and emotionally, my three keys to handling it are listening, being optimistic, and having poise.      