The Electoral College has been used for years. I agree that we must keep it this way. Yes, It is possible that the outcome of the popular vote that the people have chosen is not in agreement but it has been the best way of selecting a President. It is highly unlikely that when the people vote for certain selection of the candidates group of electors will change their mind. It has happened before but It's rare. I suggest that the electoral college stay, and not change the election because It has not only been used for years, but also some of the citizens may make a mistake in who they vote for, and atleast with the Electoral College we can make sure we have the right President.

Each Candidate has their own electors and it take 270 of electoral votes to choose a President and since they are from the same group, they wouldn't choose someone else. It has happened in 2000, as it says in the excerpt. This system has been used for years, why change it now. The Electoral Collge has worked this way for years, the founding fathers came up with it as a good process. It is completely fair to all. The people get to select their candidate and the electors know what their responsibilities are. The citizens aren't completely able to control the electors ideas but they might have a bit more knowledge on the subject.

'Some citizens may get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate' excerpt from passge. This refers to the fact that we may have chaos if we let the people decide directly who is our President. We need an insider to review our peoples choices and make sure that it is the correct one, and what better way than to have the Electoral College do it. It depends on the state and the candiddate's political party, In which you chose. The People will get what they asked for, their has been times In which it that is not always the case, but the electors usually make the decision the people has asked for.

As said in the passage "In defense of the Electoral Collage", Each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee, and the trust is rarely betrayed, This system is the best one yet. Our people are well informed but not always, If we take out the Electoral college, we are leaving our country in their hands and people make mistakes sometimes, with the electoral college we have various people making the right decision.

It's like when an author writes a book, they don't get it published right away, they have people to make sure their spelling is correct and they make many other different corrections. It's the same with the Electoral college and the way the president is selected. As my state senator, I suggest we keep this system.    