In this time of day there are a lot of different ways students can get their education. For most students education is a big part of their future and for others not so much. This means they will choose the best way that works for them. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it is not ideal.

The first main reason classes from home are not ideal is because they are less comprehensive. For some students to understand what is going on they need to be in the same class as the teacher. Being in the same class makes it easier for them to ask any questions they may have. But in this case of students being at home and not in the class, they are not getting hands on education or in other words proper education. This makes it harder for the students because then they have to go back and teach themselves and still may not understand. This also makes it harder for the teacher because if the whole class is caught up but one student then that would take time out of his/her lesson. Another reason is because students may have more work. When students get more work they get very stressed out at times and it makes it difficult for them to focus during video conferences.

The second main reason classes from home are not ideal is because a number of things could go wrong. Simple mistakes could be made during the lesson that the teacher didn't see. This could cause the students to make the same mistake during an assignment. Also, there could be some malfunctions during the video conference. An example of a malfunction happening is the video freezing during the lesson. A student's wifi could also stop working, which could cause them to disconnect from the rest of the class and lesson. Additionally, students could easily get distracted. While in a video conference they could get barged in on by a family member. Another example of a distraction is a loud background. This causes the student to not hear what's going on during the lesson.

Students can get a educational experience in many different ways. One way they can learn is by going to school and being in a classroom. Another way is by staying home and attending class from a computer. It is less beneficial for students to get their education from home because it is less comprehensive and anything could go wrong.            