Drivelss cars should not be developed because they can cause accidents, they can cause the driver not to pay attetnion, and they would cost more.

Drivelss cars aren't really driveless. At certain points they will need the drivers assistance. This can lead to many accidents. In paragraph 9, the text states "most driving laws focus on keeping dirvers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers." The sentence proves that driveless cars may not be completely safe. The driver could depend on the car to drive itself and not be paying attention which can result in accidents. In paragraph 9, it also states that it is illegal to even test computer-driven cars. Something would not be illegal if it's comepletely safe.

Another reason driveless cars should not be developed is becasue they can cause the drive not to pay attention. Driveless cars would be like phones. They made driving and texting illegal because it made the drivers not pay attention and caused many death and accidents. The same result can come form drivelss cars. They can be a great distraction becasue the driver would think that the car can drive itlsef and they would not pay attention. From that conclusion, in paragraph 9, the question "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer" would come up. Who would be responsible? If the driver belived the car can drive itself and the techonology failed, it can lead to death because the driver might not be paying attention. The driver would think the car doesn't need a driver and when the techonology fails and the car spins out of control, many lives could be lost.

Driveless cars would also cost more money in many things. The cost to buy would most likely be more expensive. If drivelessc cars started being in use, there would need to be new signs that fit those specific cars. Driveless cars would aslo need specific shops and equipment. If something goes wrong you would need to get it fixed and the technology used makes it more expensive. Fixing a car is already expensive. You have to buy whatever it is you need to fix and then take it to a shop. If something in the techonology of a driveless car goes wrong and you need to get it fixed, it will denifitely cost more.

Causing accidents, causing the driver not to pay attention, and costing more are reasons why driveless cars should not be developed.