Have you ever thought about the future? What it be like to go in your driverless car from your floating house on the top of a volcanoe. I have and I got to say I think its going to be great, but along with the consequences of it. I do have a couple reasons on why everyday that when we shape into what would be our future, we are also bringing along the little chaos. What came to mind is that i think driverless cars are gonna be a trajedy, instead of being the next best thing.

I start to see that when driverless cars come out everyones going to want them, but whats the price with this? I and i'm sure many other people think would we even need a lisence for this car and is it going to be safe as it sounds? I'm thinking that a sensor goes down and the malfunctions of the car happens its going to cause the death of many, many people to come. That people are gonna get lazy and the knowledge of even driving a car will be forgotten because these driverless cars, if it is ever possible.

Most people, ir some, find ways to make life easier on them and one of it is to be lazy, do the easiest job, or have the most fun while they can. The technology we have today transpires into something even bigger the next day, leaving remenents of the old/past behind. The stuff your grandpa and grandma had when they were kids, young teens, or young adults you'd be shocked because you would wonder "You guys had that??" Like its a big surprise how what they had is now forgotten.

Everyday that goes by we're forming the new furtue, but also destropying it. Driverless cars are the start and soon machines are gonna take peoples jobs. Taxi drivers are gonna be extinct because people have their own "taxi" to get to everywhere with. Who is to blame if a wreck happens, the driver or the manufacturer. I wouldnt be surprised if it be both.

All i'm saying is that if we do get so far ahead of ourselves with technology whats going to happen to us? I'm not talking about extinction, but i mean our surroundings and how it could effect us in a way. those are my reasons on why we SHOULDN'T produce these cars.   