The people of our great nation are told to vote on who they would like to lead and represent them. This is a Democracy and American citizens deserve this right. There have been incidents where the majority of the popular vote from U.S. citizens did not lead to the election of that candidate. This is because of the electoral college. This is the cause of citizens not having the president they asked for. Most American people do not agree with the electoral college. "The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational" (The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defenses are wrong, Bradford Plumer).

The disaster factor is a what the electoral college should really be concerned about. The system allows for many slip-ups. "The American people should conside themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century" (The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defenses are wrong, Bradford Plumer). In 1960, segregationists in the Loisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. Also, electors who aren't loyal to the county have occasionally chosen to vote for the party that they'd want rather then vote for their party's candidate. Popular vote is what our founding fathers wanted in the beginning. They wanted equality between people, and the wanted the people to vote for who they wanted as a leader. With the electoral college, this vision cannot become reality.

The popular vote is what a Democracy is all about. "The Electoral College is widely regarded as an anachorism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who recieves the most popular votes the winner. The advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the electoral college is not democratic in a modern sense" (In Defense of the Electoral College: Five Reasons to Keep our Despised Method of Choosing the President, Richard A. Posner). There is no point in having the people vote if they aren't voting for what they need as a nation. We have brought our nation together so that they can decide on someone to watch over them and protect them.

The Electoral college is non Democratic and needs to be abolishes as soon as possible. There is no more use for it, as the population continues to grow. The popular vote is the way our great leaders taught us how to vote.    