Extracurricular activities are exhilarating in a variety of different ways. Extracurriculars can also be very helpful in the future. Getting involved in an extracurricular activity is a phenomenal way to make new friends, and obtain special skills. Being apart of an after school activity can help people make new friends.

People that are participating in the same club or sport have one common interest. For example, my friend is in the Photography Club, and she has met some people that also enjoy taking candid photographs just like she does. My brother is also in the Drama Club at Generic_School all the people in the Drama Club with my brother have the same passion for acting as my brother does.

Being on a sports team can help when you trust the other people on the team. When students are on sports teams coaches like to play icebreaker games to help everyone on the team get to know each other, and to trust each other. If and when every team member trusts everyone on the team they can start playing like a team.

In school students sometimes pretend to be someone they aren't, but when they are at their club or at sports practice they become their true selves.

Students are afraid to be who they really are because they think if they show others the real them then they won't be liked. Though when their in a club or on a team they begin to feel less afraid and are more comfortable with their peers. These are the reasons why I

think joining an extracurricular activity would help students make friends.

Participating in an after school activity can help people attain special skills. Being on a sports team requires having an enormous amount of stamina and effort. For instance, when boys join the football team they have to work really hard to build up their stamina to run really far, and to block the opposing team from scoring. They also have to practice, and if they actually want to have a chance of winning they need to put in a tremendous amount of effort while in practice to do so. Someone on the football team with a little practice can gain the skill of building up a gigantic amount of stamina and, they can learn to put as much effort as they can into everything they do.

If people join a club they can learn leadership skills and learn to be more confident. An example of this is if someone joined the school newspaper, and they were named head editor they would have to give people articles to write, and would edit and go over people's work with them. The editor would learn how to lead their peers to victory with the printing of the finalized copy of the school paper. Also, if a person joined the debate team they would learn to speak clearer, and with more confident.

Another skill that people can learn if they join a club is learning to be patient. When I was in 7th grade I was in a club called best buddies, and in this club I was helping disabled kids with little projects and things that were difficult for them. Working with them taught me that I need to be more patient with people because someone never knows what another person is going thorough. This is why participating in an extracurricular activity will help you learn special skills. Joining after school activities is a outstanding way to establish friendships,and learn impressive skills. Students will never know what to expect when it come to after school activities. But it is always an adventure.