Offering distance learning as an optoion for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing is a good idea for the students. Some students for distance sometimes can be an issue, as for others they can't go to school for there health issues, and for others it would still be teacher to student/s.

Transportation can be dificult with that issue, and something that issue effects going to school. The car can break down, the tire car wheel can pop, something can just stop working making the car act up. making the distance to school seem longer then it should, and it being unsafe to drive at times. Better to stay safe then sorry. Sometimes you could be a whole city way, or state away dealing with family issues. School work would be one thing less on you're shoulders for your problems.

Then there is the issue of being sick. With this, sick poeple would be able to stay home and not spread their grems and get others sick. Maybe you're having a medical issue where you could be at the hospital,this way you could be in 2 places at once. you would be in the hosppital bed learnign about math while the rest of your class is at school learning about the same thing. At home on bed rest? You could easily hope on to the website they have, and you could be learning at the same time as them about the topic.

Some students need, that one on one with a teacher to learn somethings. with being online or video conferencing those students then have that one on one with the teachers. Some of those students are the right then and there or never again type of students. Where if they don't ask then and there they won't remember what the y want to ask or what they were going to say. Then others would just like to see their favorite teacher to left there hopes being sick or to far from home.

With all of this, giving students the option to go online to get there schooling while sick helps. Or when they may need help with something so they do video conferencing so they may understand directly what the teacher is trying to get to. so even with trouble with distance, or the health issues you may have. And for some, just the speaking to others help. These are some reasons that benefit from being able to attend classes from home. 