It's always beneficial to ask different people for a solution to the problem you may have. Asking other people for help can help you make a good decision, different people may have more experience, and they might have more than one solution or idea.

Talking to multiple people can help you make a wise decision. You can talk with family, friends, or even the councilor at your school. These different people can help you make a decision that you won't regret in the future. Some people don't trust themselves into making a decision, so they ask others for their help. Not only should you ask yourself what you should do, but you should also ask others for their opinions.

Asking different people can help you make a beneficial choice because different people may have more experience. When people ask for others help, they often don't have experience with the situation they are dealing with. For example, you are in a fight with your friend and don't know what to do. You ask your Mom for help and take her advice. You and your friend sort things out and become friends again. Talking with an adult could help you make a strong and wise decision. Older people are often called wise because they have dealt with experiences before. Experience is key when you are asking someone for advice.

When you talk to more than one person, each person might have multiple solutions or ideas. This can be beneficial because you don't want to make the wrong decision. You can ask others for their opinions on a solution you have, and see if they say yes, or no. Different ideas can also make it hard to make a decision. Some can be confused on what each person say and don't know what to do. It's best to go with a solution that others think you should do and what you think you should do.

Asking others for advice can help you make the most beneficial decision possible, each person may have different ideas to the problem, and others may have dealt with the situation before. The best way to ask someone for advice is to ask someone that you trust. Asking teachers, friends, or family for advice, is advice you can trust. Advice can come in different shapes and sizes. You just need to know what will be the best decision for you, and for you alone.       