Luke was working two part-time jobs in a grocery store and a bank. When his friend Don asked him to go on a cattle boat Luke couldn't say no. It was and opportunity of a life time and Luke knew it. In 1945 the World War ll was over in Europe and many countries were left in ruins.44 nations joined together to form UNRRA (the United Nations Rlief and Rehabilition Administration).They hired seagoing cowboys to take care of all the animals. So Luke and Don signed up.

In August 1945,they received an order to go to New Orleans. They arrived on the 14th of August the day the pacific war ended says Luke. They got there papers and got a boat called the SS Charles W. Wooster and headed towards Greece. They were delivering 335 horses and enough hay and oats to feed them. Be for they got to Greece Luke turned 18 years old. That ment that he could be drafed at any time to go to war. When he told them that he was on a cattle-boatr trip they told him to do it for the Military Service. Luke had made nine trips that more then any seagoing cow boy has ever made.

The cattle boat trip was an alsome trip for a small town boy Luke say. besides helping people he also got to see different countries like all of Europe and China but when he saw Acropolis in Greece it was special to him Luke says. It toke Luke and Don abount two weeks to crose the Atlantic ocean from the eastern coast that is a long time on water non stop that would make me sick and never ride a boat again but sometimes you have to do things you dont want to do.

When Luke was little he helped his aunt Katie's farm ou when he was a boy and he has worked hard ever since that is my dream is to work on a farm. It did not teach him the dangers of the sea though. When he was on his secened trip he was a night watchman. He had to check on all of the animals every hour and that was easy i bet because of him helping on a farm when he was a kid that was the same but it was on a boat. When he was reporting to the captin one time he slipoed and fell on the ground and a peice of meatal stop him from going over board.

So that was my eassy on Luke and his life I really liked this story alot i would have wrote more but i am about out of time so thats all i got. I found out that that peice of meatal craked his ribs so he could not work for a acouple of days witch that might of hert his body every day till it was helled but i do nt know because i am not Luke and that is the end of my story.         