To begin with, students already have to go through after school and other stuff at home like chores, homework, play outside. If the principal decided to do this type of action, the students may go rogue due to them having to do this extra work outside of school or inside of school. Some students may be happy because some of these extra curriculum activities include sports which is a really easy way for the basketball students of the school to get the extra curriculum activity point.

My point is that if students have to do this extra activity during school hours or off school grounds it will get very hectic and crazy because students may have a full schedule and cant do the extra work. Also students may find that the activities they have to do are not their interest and may not find anything they like for them to do this extra activity.

If students stay after school, the teacher might not be available at the time, too much people might stay after school, there might be more kaos.

Sometimes the teacher is available at a specific time. If the teacher leaves at 2:15 for an appointment, the students cant go to that teachers classroom and have to go to another teachers classroom (Which is already full) and crowd the classroom and that teacher has to put a lot of effort to calm the class down or get their attention.

If a majority of the students stay after school on one particular day, they have to go to a classroom to get the activity point or they have to go to the gym. If the students are too many, they have to split them into different room which are already full and make them fit into the room. If the students decide to go to the gym for the extra curriculum to do sports, they might have to wait a long time for a game to end so they can use the equipment thats available. The more students there are, the more kaos there will be. If students stayed after to do activities, they might take advantage of this time and start to horse around. If the principal decided this, the janitors might have to stay late and clean up some messes that some classrooms, bathroom, hallways have due to some students that horsed around.

Some students may decide to do some of the extra activities outside of school which may result in stress, less time with friends and family, and may not have time to do the activities.

As students try to find time to do these activities they might develop stress as they try to change some of their schedule to fit a time to work on these extra activities. As stress increases they might develop anger and sadness as they keep trying and trying and trying to fit this activity. Some students have a semi-full schedule and have time to do it, but as they keep doing the activity they might spend less time with family and friends. If students dont spend time with their family, they might become suicidal and start to do drugs and start drinking since they know that their parents are not around. Some students may not just have time at all. They think they have time but as the day goes on, their parents might say "lets go to Walmart!" or "Lets go shopping!" and come back very late and dont have time anymore to do it.

If the principal decides to put this rule into action students may become stressed, spend less time with friends and family or have no time to do it. If the students stay after school to do the activities, they school will have too much people staying after, more kaos, and the teacher not being available causing the class to split and go to different classrooms.

My point is that the principal should not pass this rule because it will have a domino effect and cause many bad things and will put more tension on the school.                                                                                                                                                                                                  