Driverless cars have more cons and disadvantages then they do pros and advantages. The author of "Driverless Cars Are Coming" presents positive and negative aspects of driverless cars but I really only see the negatives. If there are driverless cars, then there could be a lot more crashes then there already are. Driverless cars are pointless and show a great amount of negatives, show that no one in the car will be paying attention, and there are so many safety issues.

First, there are many negatives regarding driverless cars. Technology in the future may be able to have cars without a driver at all. In the article though, the author states that currently they would not be truly driverless yet. The driver would still need to stay alert and be able to take over when needed, like driving through a work zone or when they are driving through an accident site. When a person is driving a car, they already need to be fully alert and know what is happening around them at all times to stay safe. If we have someone sitting in the drivers seat waiting to have to take control, then what is the point of not driving it when you pretty much need to continue to know what is going on at all times? There is always the fear that something will go wrong and the car just will not work right. This could cause serious injuries and even death to the driver and passengers in the driverless car as well as other cars and people around them. Another issue is that there is a lot of poverty and familes without enough money to buy a regular car. The amount of technology and work needed to make these driverless cars will put The United States of America in even more debt then they already are. As well as many other countries around the world. The cost for these driverless cars are a huge negative that will result in many people not being able to afford to buy them.

Secondly, when the car is driving without a driver but still has a driver in the drivers seat, the driver could be on their phone, reading something, or listening to music and not paying attention then all the sudden the car alerts them that they need to take over but they are not ready and do not know the reason why they are in the situation to take over the car. This could cause crashes and serious injuries to the driver and other passengers in their car, as well as people in cars around them. Nobody can promise that the driver will be able to pay attention at all times when the car is driving itself. It is kind of like having someone in the passenger seat, they are not driving so they are on their phones, reading stuff, and listening to music, not paying attention to the road. Same goes for a driver just sitting in the drivers seat and not driving the car. They could be not paying attention and then all the sudden they are surprised with the need to start driving in a situation they have not been paying attention to. In paragraph eight of "Driverless Cars Are Coming" the author expresses that they are trying to bring up in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-ups displays. The author states that this could be a safety feature, but who knows that will work perfectly, or that the driver will be entertained by that?

Lastly, the safety issues regarding the driverless cars could be an endless list. If the driver is not paying attention, like I expressed in the pervious paragraph, the issues with safety grow bigger then they already are with actual people driving cars. If the driver has no clue what is going on because they were on their phones, reading something, or listening to music and then suddenly they have to take over, this could cause a crash that could cause serious and minor injuries as well as death. The amount of crashes that happen today with actual humans driving cars are already through the roof, if something messes up with the driverless car, it could be very bad. It is just like how your phone can mess up randomly and stop working, what if that happens to the driverless car?

The author of the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" expresses both postive and negative aspects of driverlesscars. I believe that driverless cars have more negatives than positives and are pointless. They also show many safety issues that can put many people in danger and show financial disadvantages. In conclusion, driverless cars should not be a thing in order to keep everybody safe.