The author presents the reader with the idea that studying Venus is worth all the dangers and risks. They made sure to point out that travels should not be limited by the dangers and risk of the travel but expanded to meet the edges of imagination and challenges. The author has done well supporting their idea of the worthiness of studing Venus. They have shown and explained both the dangers and perks to studying Venus, plus the ways around the risks.

The author has described the negative, dangerous conditions of Venus's surface and atmosphere. "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than whate we experience on our own planet" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus). The author is showing how dangerous the conditions can of Venus can be and how they are more extreme than anything humans have face on Earth. The author shows the readers a way that humans can study Venus that is much safer, along with technologies that will increase the information that humans back on Earth will recieve. "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray..." (The Challenge of Exploring Venus). This shows that scientists are coming up with ways to make exploring Venus a little safer, still not the easiest conditions but survivable enough to gain more information on the captivating planet. The author explains that there are other approaches to studying Venus, such as simplified electronics made of silicon carbide that can last up to three weeks in the conditions of Venus and the possibility of using old technology is also in the air. "Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers..." (The Challenge of Exploring Venus). Since modern computers are delicate when it comes to extreme conditions, mechancical computers, that have mechanical parts, can withstand more pressure, heat, and other conditions that it will face on Venus. This evidence shows that people are looking for a way to make exploring safer and striving to meet more intimidating endeavors. The strive to meet challenges will give us more ways and technologies to explore more of Earth and other planets similar to that of Earth.

The author has done well in supporting his idea by showing both sides, the dangers and worthiness and steps scientists are taking for exploring Venus. With the work towards meeting the challenges faced on Venus, exploration will not only give insight of the planet but also will lead humans into many equally challenging, intimidating endeavors. There is much to be explored and humans need to rise to the challenge, finds ways around the danger, and expand to the ends of imagination and innovation.