Would it not be nice to have car that will drive and navigate itself? Driverless cars are the transportation of the future. In 2009, Google had already created a car that was almost completely independent and, many other companies such as General Motors had created similar cars. These cars have many unknown variables that still need to be worked out but, driverless cars will be a positive change towards the future.

Scientist have been working on creating a driverless car for years. As of 2009, Google created an almost independent car. The car could do almost anything. the downfall was that the car still relied on driver control in situations such as traffic construction zones. These cars have alert systems to alert the driver when human assistance is needed. Therefor these cars are still safe to operate but not completely independant.

The majority of the driverless cars being invented today have a great deal of sensors.

These sensors allow the cars to distinguish thier surroundings, giving the most amount of safety possible. These cars are also more fuel efficient and eco friendly. They will use less fuel and will be equipped with many safety features. These new features allow the car to see 360 degrees around the vehicle and keep the passenger as safe and comfortable as posible.

As of now, many of these cars still need human attention when driving. They are equipped with vibrating seats and sensors on the wheel to monitor that the human is alert. Eventually these cars will be able to navigate through all situations without any human support. This will allow passengers to enjoy the ride and drive longer distances faster. As well as maintaining confidence in thier safety.

These cars will allow passengers to utilize thier time more efficiently by allowing them to use the time they usually spend driving doing something else. People will be in less danger because there will be no room for human error. If all cars were self driven, then the capacity for safety would be maximized and there would be less polution because the cars are more economical, and less wasteful due to the fuel efficiency of the cars. Yes, these cars present future issues such as liability and traffic regulations, but in the end they will be more benificial.      