In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming' It tell bith postive and negative facts about driverless cars. I believe that there should be drtiverless cars this is where I stand. Driverless cars have been worked on for a while now. So far they have developed software to help the advancedment of driverless cars. I think that driverless cars will provide more of a positive impact on the world than a negative one.

Driverless cars have been worked on for a while now. Its been since the 1980's the used sensors attached to the wheels of cars of antilock brakes. Within 10 years, they are more advanced with better response times than ever when indanger and all around. In the late 1950's, receivers to capture radio signals th guide the car on a special track.

So far they have develped software to help the advancedment of driverless cars .In 2013, There was a develpment called "Trafic Jam Assistant"announced by BMW.This helps steer,accelerate, and break themselves. however they notify the driver when it doesn't have the skills to drive it in a certin situation. It can function up to 25 mph. There are also vibrations in the drivers seat to notify of an emergancy. This can mean that the driver still needs to stay concentrated on the road when the sitiuations occur. There have beeen ideas considering useing flashlights lighs on the mwindsheilkd and other heads up display just in case.

Driverless carts really aren't driverless now. Most of the software for the car still needs someone to drive the car. The software hasn't really advanced so much the needs to be no one conentrating on the road ahead. These are just to help progress the advancement for driverless cars and increases safety. So even if the sofware fails the car still has the driver attention on the road. All they can do now is help the driver and other become more afe when driving incase anything happens.

In concluion, the driverless cars now aren't completely driverless and needs the drivers skills so that means it can provide more safety than less. If it can continue in success the driverless cars will be much more safe than now. Driverless cars can use half the fuel of today's cars and can offer more felxiblity when driving. The cars can have better response times than humans can in the future. Driverless cars will provide more of an increase in safety then what we have now in the future.         