I think asking multiple people for advice is a very helpful thing because it gives people more to think about. Different people have their own reasons on their own opinions. It helps a lot of people when asking different opinions especially if the topic is very con traversal like sports on who is better then others and thats why it's good to ask for reasons as well. The person asking might also not know about what he or she is specifically asking advice for.

Asking multiple people is like asking what color is better and why. It's always a good thing to ask obviously if you don't know anything about the topic. Someone can give you a reasonable reason to make you be on one side of the topic more then the other. People's opinions can also give you more knowledge about the specific something. People should always prove their answers especially opinions because different people like to give false information.

Multiple advice from others with reasonable reasons can lead to an actual fact. There is a difference between a fact and opinion but then there are personal reasons. Most are mostly opinion based topics where something is better then the other or someone looks better thats all just actual opinion. When asking people for someones opinions on whatever it is you should compare two people's reasons. Also when asking for advice let them know why you wanna know.

When listening to peoples opinions or advice make sure it always makes sense. Asking for ones advice will want you to listen to others. And when Asking for their advice or opinion make sure you keep asking until you feel comfortable. I know a lot of people dont like when others asking for their opinions but it's actually a good thing sometimes it's more helpful then others think and a lot of people dont like it it because they are either scared or don't know anything about the topic. When people do ask it's mostly because they want to hear if someone else will say the same reason as to why they picked what they picked.

In conclusion asking multiple people for their opinion or advice is con traversal but it does help and it does let you know more about what your asking. Example of asking for this is what is better a stripped tee or a plain tee and why is it better. It's never a bad thing just know when you ask for someones opinion make sure your asking someone who knows a lot about the specific topic or whatever it is. asking multiple people for advice can make you let others know about the specific topic. Don't ever feel embarrassed asking others for advice because once you know a lot about the topic or what ever it is then people will start asking you about the topic so then your going to know what is true and what's not true. Asking others for advice is for things you don't know.              