The face on Mars is a very interesting thing. It looks like a human head but there is now way it could be because it is two miles long. Some people say that is was made by aliens. NASA says that it is just a rock formation that happend naturaly. There are many arguments for both sides. I'm going to tell you the arguments from the side that says it is just a natural rock formation. This face on Mars is a natural rock formation because, if it were made by aliens than when they got close to it they would have saw things that would be unatural. Another reason is it looks like buttes and mesas that we have here in the United States. Lastly we have been studying this for twenty five years and never before has an alien came up and said, "Hi I made this".

The first reason why I thin that this was a natural formation is that we have gotten realy close to the formation and never have we seen any aliens or even any buildings other than the face. On April 8,2001 it was a cloudless summer dday in Cydonia, Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look. “We had to roll the spacecraft 25 degrees to center the Face in the field of view,” said Garvin. “Malin’s team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera’s absolute maximum resolution.” Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo. This proves how close they got to the planet and they never had anything happen to the nor did they see anything. Thust proving my first point.

Another reason this formation is natural is that there are formation in the United States that have naturlay occured. Buttes and mesas look very similar to the face on Mars. This is what NASA says about it ,what the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa—landforms common around the American West. “It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,” says Garvin. “That’s a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars.” This shows that there are very simmilar things to the face in our world today. Thus proving my second point.

Lastly we have been studying this thing for twenty five years. NASA has been taking pictures of it for a long time now and they have not found any signs of life on Mars. Some people would say that NASA is hiding stuff. NASA would not hide stuff like this for many reasons. Here is what they say about it. The “Face on Mars” has since become a pop icon. It has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows—even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years! Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars—evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars. Thus proving my third point.

So in conclusion there are no signs of alien life on the planet. This is how NASA concluded there point. Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all. This proves that even though several people think that there is life on mars there is no life and this is a natural formation.                        