Computer-driven cars are a new and exciting thing for people to try, but it's not all fun and games when the driver looses focus due to the lack of awareness they have when not physically driving and controlling their own car. The freedom a computer-driven car gives allows the driver to not always pay attention or possibly fall asleep at the wheel.

I myself wouldn't feel very safe knowing that it was a computer and not a human driving the car in front of behind of me. I agree with lawmakers in most places stating, "the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." If the driver in the car is in control at all times that gives them no opportunies to fall short or not pay attention. The quote,"..they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of drvieweays or dealing with complicated traffic issues, sucha s navigating through roadwork or accidnets." tells that the driver is alerted when there are complicated traffic issues. The driver becomes too dependent on the car to drive for them leading them to believe that they dont have much to do. It says that the drvier is alerted when pulling in and out of driveways, where a child could come out of no where on the sidewalk entering the driveway. The car may or may not pick the child up on its sensors quick enough, and the child could become badly injure, then the driver/manufactorer would have a lawsuit on their hands.

"The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." If the google car only announces when the driver needs to take over, what if there was a deaf person in the drivers seat? Or someone blasting their music loud enough to the point where they were unable to hear the announcement? That person wouldn't hear them leading them to not know when to take over, which could result in a life being lost.

"If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault--the driver or the manufacturer?" The technology used in the cars are no gurarentee and fail at any moment. Someone could be entering a working area and the car may break down on them right then and there. If there is any possibily that the car could shut down or stop working it's not a safe object to be on the road.

The fact that the drivers become more dependent on the technology of the cars than themseves allows the driver to be unaware of their surroundings. The safety of others (pedestrians) is compromised with computer-based cars.                