School brings unforgettable memories. To all students get good grades and have time for their selves is something students want through their life. Many students prefer to stay home and take their classes online. It can make a lot time for student to have for their selves. Also, can affect to learn an important skill in life such how to communicate and have friendships with other people. Although some may believe otherwise, have friends, clubs, and fun flip trips prove that students such consider to attend their school and not be home all the time.

Having friends can make a student learn from each other. For example, I was offered an option to attend classes from home, and through all my elementary school years I spent my time at home study. One day, I decided to have my classes in school with other students. I learned some many things that I have never thought of learning. I got to know new people beside my family. Making friends was of the best things, and I never realizes having friendships is to get to know each other. School is not only a place to learn, but making relationship with other people and learn have to communicated. Some people may believe that friendships can be unhealthy, cause bully, and depression to students. In the other hand, students such not isolated their selves from people, having a friend can make a big different in a students life, and learn how to communicated with one an others.

School have many clubs that student have created to help others. In my school, there are many clubs that help with collecting food, clothes, or supplies to give to the people that need it. Other clubs show new ways to make a better community and help the environment. Me, like a student participated in this activities is something very wonderful. This is a privilege of attend school with others student, we get to come out with ideas to make this world a better place to live. Some may disagree in this ideas, but have a places such like a clubs to get together, and shared opinions about how to make our life more activate in this world. Therefore, student are the future and getting to know each other it can make a different in society.

Get to go to school flip trips and explored new experiences. Almost every school had made a trip for students to have fun and learning something new. It could be a trip to a museum, a park, or historic places. In my life experience, this trips can be very fun. It's better being visiting a place than reading a textbook that related on the topic. Being home school may not give student to participated in this activities with other students. They probably have more time to get out and got to trips. Would this be fun for those student without having the opportunity to spend time with other students, and make a memory that may stay for rest of their life. People would argued about this, but being studying with other students is way to built unforgettable memories. In other words, go in flip trip with other students and spend time together can make student life more happy.

In conclusion, one point in life we look back for those unforgettable memories, and we smile at the special moment, we had. Taking classes from home can be benefit for some students. In my opinion, I disagree in this position because student need to built up friendships, participated clubs, and go out in school flip trips. Spending time with one an others can help student to be better to communicated with others and be more confident to themselves. It get student to be ready to see the world at head of them. 