Today kids are nowhere near as social, productive, or getting as much exercise as they used too, but a principle has come up with a new plan to get kids involved again. By requiring students to involve themselves in a extracurricular activity that has many benefits in place for them.

Since the rise of gaming and social media many kids have scaled back on hanging out with their friends or going to social events like teen night, because they would rather sit at home on their phones or watch YouTube. I think it would be a huge improvement if kids had to do an extracurricular activity. Kids that do extracurricular activities could make new friends that have the same interests as them. Because what if there is a kid who is shy and really wants to play basketball but he has nobody to play with or feels he will have nobody to talk to but now the school starts having all the kids do an extracurricular activity and he joins the basketball club and make lots of new friends that he can now hang out with and play basketball with.

Therefore kids are not getting outside enough or being productive with their time if kids do at least one extracurricular is kids today with all these electronics are not being as productive as they should be. With an extracurricular activity kids could be outside because there could be a gardening club where kids could help plant flowers or tress and learn everything about how to keep a healthy garden they would also be out in the sun getting vitamin C which is great for the body where as a large number of kids sit inside and watch TV or play video games in a dark room with a bright screen flashing at them constantly which is not good for the brain nor the eyes

My next reason in why I support the idea is because kids today are not getting enough exercise as they should be instead they sit at home. If kids were required to do an extracurricular activity such as a running cub where they could track how much they run and for how long kids could track their exercise and then try to improve with more challening thing like maybe they run for longer or mabe they do the same workout on the track but after they go and run hills.

In conclusion I think kids should be required to do a least one extracurricular activity to help with social skills, increase productivity time, time outdoors or getting exercise. I believe this is a great opportunity for students to try new things and trying something even if it ends up not being you thing isn't going to hurt anything. 