Phones and Driving

Danger has fascinated humans for centuries. So has technological advancements or just technology in general. Cell phones are a wonderful thing just like driving is a wonderful thing but like an open flame and gasoline, who said they should go together? Texting while driving has led to way too many deaths. While common sense should tell you not to deviate attention form the road where you're not just driving for yourself but for everyone else, people still do it even though they shouldn't.

People shouldn't text and drive because deviating your attention from something serious can only end up bad. If you were hiding from Jason Voorhees, scared for your life, would you watch a YouTube video? Of course not, because you are focused on staying safe. Driving should be treated the same way because one bad decision could result in a multicar collision and someone dead.

In the state of Georgia, there is a law against a driver being on their phone because of the reasons stated in the previous paragraph. There is also a fine of $150.00 as a punishment. That's better that being a number in the 1.6 million people who die every year due to texting a driving. Or the better case would be just not being on your phone and texting in the first place. Wouldn't you agree?

The final way to stop these fatalities is to put your cell phone in driving mode. Newer model cars with the Bluetooth feature allow this feature to be enabled.

That feature blocks all notifications until you are out of the vehicle. That makes it safe for the driver by taking their mind of their phone and helps others by keeping the drivers mind focused on the road.

That's a true definition of safety first.

Driving is a privilege has always been true but it matters more and more every year as more people get distracted by the newest feature on their phone. Whatever is on Instagram can't be more important than your life. As more people replace their cars for the newest car that Bluetooth feature will be widely available to more people. As technology advances, people's urgency of safety while driving should too. What's more important, what Kim Kardashian just did on Snapchat, or your life and everyone else's?    