Our modern era have brought forth a new wave of educational opportunities. The advent of Google classroom, Remind, and Edmodo (just to name a few) have made learning easier and a more student focused experience. Some say that the students need to interact with teachers and students; however, the 21st century, and more importantly the 20's, are going to get a lot more digital, a lot more online, and a lot more connected through the internet. Online or video conferencing, which uses many of the aforementioned websites, can be the solution to this growing need for a 21st century work-space. Although some may disagree, there is a benefit to online classes, the students may not have the time, nor the capability to take part in education

Online classes helps the students who may not have the time for traditional schooling. A student may have several siblings that they would need to take care of during the day, and so they can do their schooling at night. They might be obligated to aid their parents in babysitting, for their parents might have to work during the day. Students who work, or have to work, to help the family, cannot go to school, so the online schooling could offer a back up. I know, for example, of many students who have to provide for their family by working while they are supposed to be at school. Online classes could be a solution.

Some students might not be able to attend school for another reason; capability. Students living in rural areas, and who may not have a school nearby, could use online schooling as an alternative to traditional, as they wouldn't have to drive forty some miles to get to school. We are undergoing one of the modern worlds largest viral outbreaks; COVID-19. As news hits phones, tablets, and newspapers of residents of Generic_City area about the first cases of COVID-19 in Generic_City, many wonder how can they still maintain an education. Online schools could be a solution after self, or forced, quarantine. Students in China, where the outbreak first started, have been using the online schools for a few months now. Hopefully we will never have to result to such practices, as the warm months begin, the virus will also begin, to not survive.

The modern age is packed full of new technology, and experiences students can endure. Whether it be distance or viral outbreak, students may have to rely on different methods to maintain an education; online education may just be one of them. Online education is the first stepping stone on the path to a more interconnected, and digital future.