Lots of students have very busy and different lives. Some are expected to do a lot more than just go to school and do homework. Attending school and classes can be hard for some people sometimes. I think students would benefit greatly if they were able to attend classes from home.

Having online classes would help the students who get sick and end up missing classes for a couple of days or even a week. By physically having to attend school those who are sick will miss classwork and homework given by the teacher as well as the lesson the teacher gives to the class. If classes are online they can get a video of the lesson while still getting the right amount of rest and care that they need and not miss anything that they would be missing if they were at school.

Some other students have family emergencies or unplanned emergencies of their own that come up unexpected. This can effect their grades greatly due to the fact that they would not be attending school and missing however many days. If they attended online classes then they would be able to complete their work and get the lesson by the teacher while dealing with their emergency with no complications of going into school or missing days.

Vacations around breaks and holidays always interfere with missing school. Students' families like to extend their vacations, if they go on one, which causes their student(s) to miss some days at school. If those students were to be taking online classes they would be able to bring their schoolwork with them and work on it in the car or waiting for a flight or even before they go to bed. This would help keep them caught up so they don't have to do a ton of extra work when they get back.

Students can be living very busy lives of their own depending on how their family is or what their day to day schedule is like. Attending school can be very tricky for some people which is why having online school would benefit the students greatly that way they can get their education while doing the things they need to do.