PHONES & DRIVING

Technology has extremely increased in today's generation. Many people have a tendency to rely on their devices while driving. Phones are very addictive to have. People surely can't get their eyes off the devices for more than at least a minute. They will look at the phone while doing everything. The main problem that is occurring is that people are texting while driving an automobile. Should or shouldn't drivers be able to use their cellphones while operating a vehicle.

I believe drivers shouldn't be able to use their cellphones while driving unless for navigation. It's extremely dangerous to look of the road to send one simple text messages. For example, if you are driving at 55mph while texting or looking at your phone; within them seconds you could have easily got into a car accident with major injuries. This reason is only one reason you shouldn't be able to use your cellphone while driving.

Another reason that you shouldn't be able to use your cellular device while driving is it puts your life at risk and put other innocent lives at risk. When you make the decision to text and drive, you make the decision to risk the lives of those around you and your life as well. That simple action of "answering a quick text" or even glancing at a text means that you are selfishly putting other people's lives in danger. It is one thing to put your own life in danger, but it is unfair and unnecessary to risk the lives of others. These innocent people; young children, friends in your car, pedestrians, and fellow drivers, did absolutely nothing wrong and are forced to have their lives at risk solely due to a poor decision that you made.

The last and final reason is that it's illegal. Regardless of the all the harm caused by texting and driving, it is also illegal in many states. Fines and punishments for texting and driving range greatly depending on the state that you live in; for some states, the fine is merely $20, however, in others, it can be up to $500. And, if the action of texting and driving ends in injuring any other individuals, you can actually end up in jail, depending on the severity of the injury. This right here is just the icing on the cake as to why you should stop texting and driving!

In conclusion, people shouldn't be able to operate a cellphone while driving, unless it for directions, a vehicle because it is very dangerous and also illegal. Taking your eyes off the road for one text can take a life. It's okay to want until your done driving to use your cellphones! So please keep your eyes on the road and don't pick up the phone.    