Do you ever feel bored sitting around your house after school? Are you tired of watching TV or playing games on your phone? Extracurricular activities are a great solution to both of those problems. If you don't know what extracurricular activities are, they are pretty much fun after school activities. Some examples are sports, serving on student council, and doing arts and crafts. Doing extracurricular activities is not only fun, but it is also free. You should do extracurricular activities because there are a lot of options, it's a great way to make friends, and it's just flat out fun.

One reason you should do extracurricular activities is because there are a lot of options. Having all sorts of activities to choose from not only makes it easy to find something, but makes it to where no one is left out. If you want to stay in shape, then do sports, if you love the outdoors, join hiking club. Just check out the list of activities and I'm sure you will find something you like. Extracurricular activities have tons of great things about them, but the fact that there are as many options as stars in the sky, makes it one of the best.

Another reason you should do extracurricular activities is that it is a great way to make friends. With plenty of options, picking shouldn't be hard, so once you have selected an activity, you will be grouped with people who also picked the same thing you did. Chances are if you both like one thing, you will like another. I personally have made tons of friends and met so many people through extracurricular activities, so I'm sure you will too. You never know, you could meet someone that will be your friend for the rest of your life.

My last and final reason that you should do extracurricular activities is obvious, it's fun! Combining the fact that there are lots of options, and that it is easy to make friends makes it super enjoyable. If you get into an activity and don't like it, you can always switch to another one you will enjoy more. I have had the time of my life doing all sorts of different activities, whether it's sports, or just working on the yearbook. Don't just take my word for it though, you can ask anyone who has done extracurricular activities before, and I'm sure they will feel the same way I do.

With all sorts of options there is something for everyone. With tons of people that have similar interests it's easy to make friends. With a combination of both of those things, and the fact that you can change activities whenever, makes it one of the most enjoyable things in the world. I would highly recommend extracurricular activities to everyone, not just athletes or nerds. So please just try it out, I know you will enjoy it.