Unmaskin the Face on Mars

Have you seen the face on Mars? Do you think it was made from aliens? well i will tell you why the theory that it was made by aliens is false. I will also tell you why it is a natural land form. Also I tell you further what the scientists have found out about the three pictures taken.

There is a theory htat the face on Mars firts photographed in 1976 was not made by aliens. First many people think that the face looks like an egyptian pharoh and was made by aliens. Although there are some people belive that aliens do egsist and that the aliens did this face there is no true evedance that aliens do eggsist and also that the aliens did this face. Another thing people are saying is that the NASA is hiding things from the public but the NASA tells evertything to the public about teir investigation so there for there is no true evedance that the NASA is hiding things about their invesigations to the public.

The face on mars is a natural land form because there is no true evedance that the aliens built htis face as a matter of fact years after there have two more pictures taken of the face on mars one in 1998 and the last one in 2001. In fact there is a scientist that even said that the face was not made by aliens the scientist's name is Jim Garvin. Jim Garvin studied the pictures of the face on Mars and said that there was no alien monument after all. There for that prove that the face on Mars was not made by aliens. There are still some people not satifed with his answer. Garvin even compared the face on mars with buttes or mesas here on earth. Garvin also said that these kinds of land forms are common areound the American West. Garvin also stated that it reminded him most of the Middle butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho.

The face on Mars caused many theory like that some peopl said that the face on Mars was made by aliens. here is what scientists have found out. Once they NASA took the first picture comotion started like the one were they say that it was made by aliens, but the scientist Jim Garvin said that if it indeed it was and egyptian-style pyramid or even small shack you be able to see what they were. There are three pictures of this face on mars every picture more enhanced than the other and indeed scientists like Jim Garvin say the the face on Mars was not made by alians and it is a natural land form like a mesa.

In conclusion there are people that say that the face on Mars was built by aliens and that it is a face if an egiptian pharoh, but scientists have answered this question and they say that it is just a natural land form like a mesa. So what do you think? Do you think that the face on Mars was made by aliens? belive what you think but acirding to evedance it was not made by aliens . What do think?