Imagine being in a situation in which you where being forced by a superior to partake in an activity in which you disapproved of. I certainly would not be fond of the idea. I disagree with the principals' decision to force kids to partake in extracurricular activities. I believe that this idea would be a problem because it cuts deep into kids social time, it would negatively affect their attitudes as it is forced activity, and it could be a great loss of time for some of them.

I believe that forcing kids to partake in extracurricular activities would be a great mistake for it cuts on kids social time. The principal should recognize that kids usually socialize after school and placing all of them in extracurricular activities would limit their interactions. Kids need social time as it is one of the basic needs of humanity and life without it would be grey and dull. I remember when I was around seven years old when we went on a vacation to Japan. It was a wonderful place, but I remember that since I could not speak Japanese I rarely talked to anybody besides my family and the people that knew English. I remember coming back and getting new energy from talking to people as I had not been social for some time. Every time I look back, this moment always makes me remember that social interaction is a key component in the human life.

I disagree with this notion of forced extra activities, I believe that forcing kids to partake in extracurricular activities would end up in very disinterested and angry students. We all know that a person who wants to learn will do better in a activity than a person who was forced to. We will see that mixing interested kids who want to be there an uninterested ones will do more harm than good. I believe that kids should come to these extra activities voluntarily and not be forced to attend. I also believe that forced extracurricular activities would be bad to teachers as more clubs would have to me made and in result it forces teachers to work extra hours. This would cause disinterested and angry teachers which would further affect students and cause problems.

I believe that these forced extracurricular activities would be a waste of time for some of these students and cause them to miss other things that could have been on their schedule for that day. For example, they could have had a family/religious event that they would have to miss because of these extra activities. They could also be doing outside of school sports that they would have to skip because of these activities. In cases such as these extracurricular activities could be a major problem and could cause a very disheartened student.

In all I disagree with the principal that all students should be forced to commit to extracurricular activities for I believe that it would be bad for them socially, that it could affect their work ethic, and could cause major schedule problems. While I believe that these activities may help some students they do not help all and no one should be forced to commit to them.