March 12, 2020

Mrs. Generic_Name

Block 1

As I walked through my door I noticed mom in the living room. She happily noticed me walk in as well, and asked what I had bought at the mall. I showed the shirts, dresses, and other accessories I had gotten."They're so nice, maybe you can wear this outfit to the movies tomorrow."I stared at the shirt I had bought a couple hours ago. It is the Teal colored one, with a open bottle of coke on the front, and my favorite pair of jeans I had gotten as well. I thought it looked cute so I decided to go ask my dad and sister. Dad was upstairs in his office doing his project when I walked in."How was the mall?"He asked. I told him it was like any other day remembering quickly what I had came up stairs to do."Dad? What do you think I should wear to our family movie night tomorrow?"He gave his opinion after I laid some of the clothes on the couch near by. He had picked the black dress with translucent gray sleeves, with a pair of knee-high leggings, and a pair of black pumps. I did the same for my sister and she decided to be herself, and posted the question on her sort of famous instagram account. People commented almost instantly, giving their opinions. After I decided to lay the most picked outfit choices on my bed. With the teal shirt and jeans, it does look cute but if it gets colder outside i'm lavle to freeze to death. With the black dress,knee-high legging, and black pumps it would be warm, and I would not have to do much with it either, just a little makeup and straightening or curling my hair. I decide to go for the black dress. The next day I got the dress, and accessories on. Did my makeup and hair, and my family, and I went to the movies, had dinner, and went to an arcade.

When people need advice weither it is on looks, talents, or even on something really basic like for example(Should I let my dog out for an hour a day?).Well it is good to get multiple opinions because you can get different points of view, You can see how others feel about the topic, and you can think about it afterwards about the pro's and con's.

For example, if someone is picking out outfits for a date she or he is going to it is good to have different side's of a story. If you get different sides of the story you can have more control on the option you eventually will have to make. You can also see the good and bad sides of each part of they topic, like if the topic is clothes they're more outfits to pick and choose from.

Seeing how others feel about a topic is good because, if you do not do so you could hurt someones feelings like for example if your wearing a dress or earrings from a dead grandmother your friend loved dearly you could hit a nerve or sensitive subject, and thats never good. For some people certain things can be political,or even just cruelty. People can be mean, especially to things like religion, sexuality, and just their likes and dislikes in general.

After everything is set in stone you can finally get your opinion in things. Back to the example earlier about the date outfits with this example you can see the last reason why. When you finally get you time to pick this is what most people do not think about, they only think about what the other's want, but a really important thing is if you like it. Most people should think about the pro;s and con;s of things like what would be good for the weather or what would look nice for dinner. It all depends on different things, and what event or style your doing.

when people need advice they should go to multiple other's to get their opinion on the topic because the person can see the different points of view, they can see how other's feel on the topic or subject, and they can think about the pro's and con's of each certain thing before choosing. Would you ask multiple people how they feel on a certain topic? Or would you not get specific opinions, and make a bad choice?