Our economy would show an unbelievable positive change if we can put presure in our goverments taking iniciative on: Increase the sidewalks and reduce the roads, every year americans must invest 80 percent of appropiations, by law, in highways, constructing them or fixing old roads, and only 20 percent to other transport when we should do the totally opposite and increase sidewalks and bycicle paths.

Automobile drivers also have to waiste money every day in fuel, gasoline or diesel. One of the world's economy bosts is the minery and seeking of petroleum wich is destroying our soil and habitats without doubt two examples could be the minery in the Argentinia's Patagonny where many animals habitat is being destroyed by the humans and also the tragic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.

Our neighborhood's should of display an augment of the buildings, like Malls or main grocery stores, reducing the parking lots to build new stores or department stores.

The County's Hall should also increase the license plate's fine. And make an encouragement plan to use the Public Transportation which is very important to the ones who can't aford a car.

Despite we would have more money after applying all this changes we could invest it in our Children's public education, the base of our future.

The best way to help our green environment is to reduce the Greenhouse Gas emissions from car's tailpipes. We are getting slowly exposed to a terrible future where everyone can get skin cancer, UV Rays burn our eyes and make us feel more tired, pulmonar cancer because of the air pollution, and other diseases. The toxic gas emited by cars every day is fading our protective Ozone Layer, this is the main cause of the extreme wheather changes that our planet is suffering. China's terrible smog is the quintisscence of the World's future if we don't change our transportation's habits.

Finally if we bost a plan to limit the car usage we can ascertain that everyone would be fitter walking and biking to work and school and we would have the lowest percentage of Car accidents, which is tragically today's main cause of death.

We must make all this simple changes Today for the best future for our society.    