Using phones while driving

Within our society we approach many problems though, one of the major problems is using a phone while driving. There are many reasons why this is a major problem but were only going to cover three. One reason why is because of the car wreck that occurs during this action. Another reason is because it is very illegal for people to proceed with action and they also create a bad influence on the kids that rides with them. Clearly, in my opinion i feel that people shouldn't use their phones and drive, now i'm going to go in depth as to why I feel this way.

The National Safety Council also known as the NSC shows that texting and driving leads to 1.6 million car wrecks per year. Even though people don't usually text and drive on purpose, when they do they sometimes become unlucky. Also in the united states every one out of four car accidents happen because of texting and driving. Therefore most of the united states car accidents happen because of this. This means the more people doing this the more wrecks it's going to be.

Second, while living in the united states it is very illegal to use your phone while your hands are busy. The distracted driving law states that georgia drivers have to have hands free or voice activated devices in order to talk on the phone. This means that you have to have a way to connect your phone to the car so you won't have to touch your phone. Even if you don't have a device you can connect to the car you still need some thing you can talk into in order to answer or call someone. If everyone would use these two devices there wouldn't be as many car accidents.

Finally, the last reason why people shouldn't use phones while driving is because it brings a bad influence on the children that rides with them. Stats show that kids tend to self-teach themselves things that aren't taught to them second hand. This is also dangerous because the more negative influence people put on their children the more bad they will turn out. They will also begin to adapt to bad habits and end up in places they will not want to be.

In conclusion, many people know what will be the effects of this cause but still does it. This is very dangerous for not just you but the people that suffer from your accident. Even though the majority of people in our society still does this dangerous action, this is one thing that people should take into consideration

.   