I agree with the principal that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. There are a couple reasons why I agree. These include it's a great way to stay active, meet new people, and try new things. In addition, there is such a wide variety of options. You can join a sports league, a dancing or singing group, or even a chess club. There are so many others that you probably don't even know about and one way to learn more about them is to try them.

The first reason that I agree is it's a great way to stay physically active. Staying physically active is one of the most important things in life. If you are not staying active and exercising you are not being healthy. Especially as kids and young teens, you don't want to develop bad habits and get on the wrong path. If you start developing good habits at a young age you are more likely to stick with those habits as you get older. Joining a sports group would be a great way to stay in shape or even get back into shape. Another great way is to start a sports group or club. There are a lot of great ways to stay active and stay healthy. Just devoting a small amount of time to exercise everyday can be very beneficial.

The second reason that I agree is it's the perfect chance to be socially active. Joining a club like math or chess club is a great way to meet new people and make new friends. It is also a great way to meet people that share a common interest with you. Being social is a very important role in having a healthy life. It is good to be social. You can meet new people that you have never met or even learn that you and someone you already knew enjoy the same activity. Plus, meeting new people will help you later in life like getting a job. In addition, sometimes you have to meet people in life that you don't want to meet.

The third reason that I agree is it's a great way to get out of your comfort zone. It's important to try new things and go out of your comfort zone. If you never try new things you won't know whether you even like them. If you try something and you dont like it, so what, then at least you know that you dont like it. Whereas if you dont try it, you won't know if you like it. It's good to try new things because you might even meet someone that enjoys that same thing as you. It is also completely normal to not want to try new things and that is called fear. There is always a fear in trying something new because you dont know the outcome or what will happen. The important thing is to push that fear and nervousness aside and take the risk.

The fourth reason that I agree is it will help you in the future. When you are older you are going to have to meet people whether you want to or not, you are going to have to do things even if you dont feel like it, you are going to have to try new things even if you don't want to, and if you have lived your whole life never meeting people you dont feel like meeting, never doing things that you dont want to do, or never trying new things, when you are older it will be even harder. So, if you do these things when you are young it will be easier to handle them once you are an adult. As an example, if you started trying new things when you were young it won't be any different once you are older. Whereas if you didn't try new things when you were young, when you are older it may be very difficult.

Students have a lot of things to accomplish every day, especially school work. After a long and stressful day at school, going to participate in an extracurricular activity is perfect. Kids need time to just be kids and have a little fun. I think that all the students having to do an extracurricular activity is a great idea and would bring the school closer together. I also think it's a great way to just get away from everything. Have a little fun, meet new people, and try new things.

In conclusion, I agree that all students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I think that it's a great idea and can be very beneficial for yourself, your friends, and overall the whole community. It would be a great way to stay physically active, stay socially active, try new things, and help prepare you for the future. Many students already participate in extracurricular activities and if they can, then anyone can. Even though there might be a few possible negative outcomes, like you get embarrassed or people make fun of you, the possible positive outcomes are worth the risk. If you never take risks and try new things you will never find new activities and hobbies that you enjoy. For all of these reasons I agree and support the principals proposal and hope that you will too.            