Dear Principal,

I do not think it would be fair to all of the football players, if you made it so that they would have to be a B average student to play. One reason why I think this is because without all of our good players, we would suffer badly. Also, it wouldn't be fair to other players. Lastly, these students wouldn't be allowed to play their favorite sport, and may resort to violence.

I think that if you made it so that every football player needed to have a B average, or better to play football our football team would do very bad. We need some of these players to play. Without them, we may lose our record of the most wins, or most championships won. Our other players like to have these players around because it gives them confidence when they are playing, and it sometimes inspires them to do better or practice more. These players can sometimes help people get active. Also, all of the other players would just get battered when they went to play the games. That is one reason why I think that you should not make it so that you had to have a B average or better to play football.

Another reason why I think this is a bad idea is because it wouldn't be fair to the other players. This sudden drop in players would make them have to pick up the pace. They may overwork themselves, and have something bad happen to them. Also, more players would have to play more than one position, and get stressed. Another scenario that might happen is that, all of the extra practicing may cause the normally B average students from doing their work, and their grades would also suffer. That is another reason why I think that the principle should not make it so that football players need to have a B average, or better, to play.

Lastly, I think that all students should be able to play football because, the players that can't play may resort to violence. These students may not be able to run off their stress, and take it out on someone else, or something else. Also, the students may become more disruptive in class, which could lead to an expulsion, or two, which would not look good for the school. The player who couldn't play may also do something criminal to take out his anger, and end up in jail. As you can tell, it would be very good it you don't change the rules about who can play football.

In conclusion, I don't think that the principal should change the rules on who should/shouldn't play football. One reason why I think this is because, our team's record would suffer. Also, it wouldn't be fair to the other players. Lastly, the students may resort to violence.

Please principal, do not make it this way, let everyone who wants to play football be able to play, no matter what their grade is. The whole school district would like it if you kept the old rules up, and not make any new ones.