Some people think that the Face is an artifact from aliens, but the fact is, it's a natural landform. Natural things happen everywhere, so seeing something that happens to look like a face should not be automaticlly assumed to be from aliens. After all, Earth has some things that look odd or familiar to our daily life! NASA is sure that this phenomenon is not from alien activity. Wouldn't you think NASA would tell us if it was?

The Face is just a huge rock formation from the Red Planet. The shadows from at the angle it was taken gives it the effect of human features (3). They released the photo to "engage the public and attrack attention to Mars" (3). People have just gave it such an off turning idea that gives it even more attention than intended. People made such a huge deal out of it that more and more people think that there is aliens existance on Mars.

For the beliefs that the fog that appeared in another photo was due to alien activity; fog happens on Earth too. If we take this even farther, it could have just been that the lens were fogged up, or the area was getting something like precipitation. I do not know for sure, but NASA has been said to have some of the most high quality equipment. I am more willing to believe that it is a fog and not a problem with the equipment (7). Although anything could break at anytime, I beileve that the fog was just a natural thing and not something overall crazy.

NASA's equipment is probably more successful than many would think. If you look at one of the older pictures of the Face, you can obviously see that it is not, whatsoever, the most high caliber evidence. Looking at a recent photo may help you or others see that it is indeed a natural process happening. I believe that most who have a say in what the picture looks like, did not see what was happening in that moment in which the picture was taken. Therefore, making the guess that the lens may have broke, or the foresaken fact that it is just fog (10).

In conclusion, I beilieve everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but I like to think the more logical side of this debate. More and more people can do as much research as they please, but with facts know that; the Face is just a landform, that fog can happen just about everywhere, and the fact that NASA has high caliber equipment. I would like to hope that if there was a signal of alien activity, that NASA personal would tell us so we would know how to address the problem.