Presidential elections are a big part of the American culture. They decide who will be president for the next 4 years, who will be the one making all the choices. But is our way of chosing that person right? We use electoral colleges to decide for president. Some people believe that we shouldn't have electoral colleges, and that we should let the peoples' vote be the one to decide. But electoral colleges are a good way of deciding our future president for many reasons, it allows for a certainty of outcome, avoid run-off elections, and balance out the distribution of votes.

Electoral colleges will allow for a certainty of an outcome. The amount of elctoral college votes are 538; this allows for us to see a clear diffrence in the votes for each party, as oppose to a people votes where you have hundreds of millions of people voting making it impossible to see a clear difference unless you have a blow out. The outcome of a tie is possible but according to the third source "A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes-538-is an even number, but it is highly unlikely..." Also most states use a winner-take-all system where the majority of the votes in a state would win the electoral votes of that state providing a voice for the people. This this shows that having electoral votes decide the president is a good idea because it marks a clear winner.

Having electoral college votes will also allow us to avoid run-off elections. Run-off elections are when no part receives a majroity of the votes. Electoral colleges help avoid that because of the fact that they are distributed evenly and mark a clear winner. ''Run-off elections add a huge amount of burden on the candidates, but some of the pressure is reduced by the electoral colleges'' states the third source.

The distribution of votes is balanced out evenly thanks to electoral collleges. If a sttate is larger then they will have more electoral votes than a smaller state. For example the third passage states that "The popular vote was very close in Florida [in 2012]; nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral votes. A victory by the same margin in Wyoming would net the winner only 3 electoral votes." This shows how the state that is larger in population gets more votes pleasing more people.

The elcetoral college is a great way to determine the future president for many reasons. Some being that it allows for a clearer outcome, avoids run-off elections, and distributes the votes evenly among the states population.    