Technology makes the quality of human life around the world significantly higher. One extremely important techonological advancement is the automobile. When the automobile was invented, it changed the world completely. Transportation of long distances became (fairly) cheap and extremely convenient. Now, the question of driverless cars arises. Clearly, they are the next technological revolution.

The first and most obvious reason towards the development of driverless cars is the environmental impact they would have. In the first paragraph of the article, the author states that the cars "would use half the fuel of today's taxis". Considering how much of a global and rapidly growing issue climate change is, a technological advancement like this could be detrimental to the survival of not only our planet, but also its inhabitants.

Another pro of driverless cars is safety. The author of this article cites Googles semi-driverless cars as having driven "more than half a million miles without a crash". Automobile accidents are devastating and very widespread in our modern world. Even with laws against driving under the influence and using cell phones while driving, crashes are still a large issue. If we could develop a car that can avoid accidents almost entirely, then vehicle safety and crashes would be a non-issue. People are going to drink and text and drive regardless of laws, so if our cars can avoid danger regardless of the state of the driver, then everyone would be safe always.

The final reason that driverless cars should continue development is that the technology is already here. From the article, the author showcases Telsa as having a 2016 release for a 90 percent autopilot car, and four other automobile companies plan to have entirely automated cars by 2020. Also in the article, many safetly technologies that are already in cars are mention, such as vibrating seats to warn the driver, and all sorts of radars and sensors and scanners that could be used in a driverless car.

Autopilot is the way of the future. It's better for the planet, better for ourselves, and its already here. There is no reason to fight something that could be as revolutionary for the human race as this is. Google cofounder Sergey Brin belives driverless cars would "fundamentally change the world", and its easy to see why. A healthy planet and a safe and fast travelling population are only a few roads away.