Should driverless cars be legalized throughout the United States? I argue that they shouldn't. First of all, driving is an important skill to have and without that skill, an individual becomes less independent. Secondly, if we, as a country, relied on driverless cars to transport us places, we would rely on other technology to help us live too, thus losing more independence. Lastly, if driverless cars were to malfunction, then humans wouldn't have the option to drive a real car around. These are just three reasons I believe driverless cars shouldn't become a part of our society. Firstly I will explain, in more detail, my first reason; driving is an important skill to have and without that skill, an individual becomes less independent.

My first reason for why driverless cars shouldn't become part of our society is that driving is an important skill to have and without that skill, an individual becomes less independent. There are many skills to have in life: dealing with money, performing your job to the best of your ability, and striking up a conversation with somebody. Among those skills is driving. When a person drives themself somewhere, they are showing that they are independent. If driverless cars were to be set into motion in our society, then how would our country look? How would a father supporting a family look if he went from driving himself to having a car drive for him?

My second reason that driverless cars don't belong in our society is that if we, as a country, relied on driverless cars to transport us places, we would rely on other technology to help us live too, thus losing more independence. Americans already rely on technology to help us with our everyday lives. We rely on phones, computers, and even televisions to entertain us. If the skill of driving were taken away from people altogether, then we would most likely turn to other technology to help us, like hoveround chairs so we don't have to walk, or completely turn to computers and forget writing altogether. My third reason that driverless cars shouldn't be replacing cars in America is that if driverless cars were to malfunction, then humans wouldn't have the option to drive a real car around.

In the future, if driverless cars were to start malfunctioning, after forty to fifty years after they had succeeded gasoline cars, then there would only be a minority of people that would know how to drive and the majority of the country would have to learn how to drive again. That is, if the government would agree to build gasoline cars again.

The proposed question was: "Should driverless cars replace gasoline cars?" I argue that driverless cars should not replace gasoline cars. My first reason is that driving is an important skill to have and without that skill, an individual becomes less independent. My second reason is that if we, as a country, relied on driverless cars to transport us places, we would rely on other technology to help us live too, thus losing more independence. My last reason is that if driverless cars were to malfunction, then humans wouldn't have the option to drive a real car around.      