Using Phones while Driving

The ability to use our phones while driving has always been a problem involving many accidents, laws, and fines to be paid. Phones shouldn't be allowed to be used while driving for many relevant reasons. It's important for drivers to not be blinded by their phones, that would lead to a terrible situation.

First of all, it can cause a car accident to happen and, in some cases, even worse. When using a phone while driving, it doesn't let you pay attention towards the road you're driving on.

This includes the driver having eyes on his phone and that moment that the person is paying attention to their phone, they may not stop in time if something or someone were to pass by them in front of their car. These types of accidents happen often because of drivers using their phones while driving.

Second of all, phones are considered illegal in some states which can cause a ticket or fine to be paid for. Even if the state says it's legal, you can get more of a bigger pay fine if the driver were to violate any other law and proven that the person was using a phone. The fine or ticket can be a bigger punishment for those using a phone while driving in most cases that involve accidents. More legal actions can occur from using a phone while operating a phone as well.

Third of all, Phones while driving is a high leading cause of death. These cases where car accidents happen, could not only end up in a hospital bed. Most cases that occur with the driver being distracted by their phone involves more fatal collisions. When you become unaware of your surroundings for those seconds spent on your phone while driving, it allows for only the worst car accidents to happen, therefore leading to the cause of death.

In conclusion, being able to use a phone while driving should be prohibited. Throughout my reasonings it is clear to see that phones have been a problem involving many drivers.

Overall, the ability to operate a phone while driving will lead to accidents, fines to be paid and even death.   