Right at 6:50 am, I pull myself up from my warm and soft bed to get ready for school. As I eat my breakfast I think to myself, what would it be like if I take school online and how easy it would be? Then I realized I couldn't do that, I wouldn't have any motivation to do anything if I took online school. I would want to stay in bed and not do anything, instead of doing school work. School is there for students to get an education and focus on what they want to become in the future. Even though not all students enjoy getting up early, they all realize later in life just how important it was. Although some may disagree, taking classes at school is more beneficial to students because they get less distracted then they would at home and teachers and peers are more accessible.

Students would get less distracted at school than they would at home because they are too comfortable at home which leads to more distractions. For example, when my friend, Generic_Name, a junior in high school would get a lot of homework from his classes because he took a lot of AP and honor classes. But he would always push it off to the side because he got too distracted being on his phone or playing games. Eventually it all piled up, he was too far behind and had to put so many all-nighters just to make up for the time he wasted. Now he goes to his school library to study because he knows that he will be too distracted if he stays at home. This shows how at home students feel like they have all the time in the world and not feel like they anything to worry about. Making up excuses or procrastinating, this all can lead to students not getting a proper education they need. Another example that shows student would be more distracted at home is Oprah Winfrey. She was sexually assaulted when she was little by one of her male family members, multiple times. Her parents were constantly fighting at home and she didn't feel safe there. Instead of letting that ruin her life, she worked hard and became the first African American woman to have her own television show and the only one in her family to finish college. She went through such hardships and worked hard because she used school to put her mind somewhere else instead of at home. Without school, Oprah Winfrey wouldn't be who she is today, one of the richest and well-known people in the nation. School let her put herself first and not the problems at home first. School gives a place for students to come and learn and feel safe without the distractions of home.

Teacher and peers are more accessible to students who attend classes at school because teachers are more qualified to answer questions than a random website. An example would be Walt Disney, he attended an art school and dreamed of becoming an animator in the future. He worked hard everyday and later went to college majoring in animation advertising. Later on, he became the founder of the first sound synchronized animation, also known as Mickey Mouse. He founded a billion dollar company with over a thousand animations made today and live action movies with amusement parks all over the world. This was only possible because of the education he was given, he was able to expand his art skills as he went to an art school and learned how to advertise when he went to college. He was able to ask his teachers for help and get feedback on the work he made, which overall made him a better artist and person. He would not have been able to get that by looking it up at some random art website or comparing it to some random piece of art. For another example of greater accessibility to others is my friend, Generic_Name, she takes online classes instead of going to school. She was always terrible at math and never knew how to do it and struggled learning anything about math. Her parents didn't get a proper education and couldn't help her very often. One day I went over to her house to meet up with her and do some of our homework together. When she asked me how to do this certain problem, I recognized it right away and taught her how to do it the way my teacher taught me. She was shocked when she realized how easy it really was, this pushed her to ask her parents to send her to public school. Now she attends the same school as me and sometimes when I get confused I ask her what to do. Without the proper help students can fall behind and not be able to grasp a concept no mater how hard they try to learn on their own. Teacher and even other students can help provide that support or that extra mind to help one understand something.

Some may disagree that classes at school are beneficial because it doesn't allow student to learn at their own pace. While understandable, that reasoning is flawed due to the fact that if students aren't challenged enough they won't be able to see what they can accomplish. An example would be Michael Phelps, the youngest swimmer to join the American team in the Olympics. He was fifteen when he joined and he barely made the cut, being second to the last person before being cut off from the Olympics that year. He pushed himself to become the greatest swimmer of all Olympic history. Now he has over twenty Olympic gold medals and has set world records and even beat the records he set himself. Without the challenge, he wouldn't have accomplished any of those things today. This also applies to school, without setting challenges for oneself, then one can never accomplish things they only dreamed about. School helps students push themselves to become better people who strive for bigger goals.

Classes online don't allow student to develop the character or social life they need for the future. Schools allow for future generations to have a proper education. The Internet can be wiped away in a split second but school keep changing for the better to keep up with students and the changing times. Without it we would be nothing but blank screens, empty and emotionless without any care in the world except oneself. 