Phones and driving aren't a good thing to do at the same time, in fact it's illegal and if the police find you they can fine you from $20-thousands of dollars, Suspension or revocation of driving privileges, Points on one's driving record, Mandatory road safety classes and Vehicle impoundment, especially if great bodily injury resulted from an accident. Every day in the United States around one out of ten people are killed by distracted drivers, and around 1500 are injured in some way in crashes by these irresponsible, distracted drivers. One of the most dangerous, distracting activities that many people do is texting while driving. It is extremely dangerous because people who do this are putting more attention in texting, and they take their eyes off the road while they are driving, which increases the chance that the driver can lose the control of the vehicle, and could cause a crash or even in a worst-case could kill other people. When a person is texting, she/he is thinking about other things besides concentrating on driving. This is very dangerous because it could make the driver lose control of the car and slow her/his brain's reaction time in case of a potential accident.

For this reason, it is very important that we find some ideas to break off this bad habit of texting while driving. I think that one of the easiest and best ways to break this habit is simply to turn off your phone. In this case, the driver wouldn't be distracted by the ringing or buzzing of the phone, and it wouldn't tempt the driver to text while driving. Another way to break this habit is to download some of the new applications that can disable cell phones while people are driving. Also, there are other applications that automatically send a text to whoever is texting the driver to tell that person that she/he is driving and that the text will be answered later. There are a great variety of applications to choose I think that we can use these to help us with the problem of texting while we are driving. Additionally, if a driver is waiting for an important call or text and has company in the car, the phone can be given to a passenger to check it out. Also, there are some programs that are helping to raise awareness about the dangers of distracted driving and to keep it from occurring. In these anti-texting programs, people can drive in a simulated situation, where they are driving but also texting, and can see how many accidents are caused by this problem. In fact, in 2011, at least 23% of auto collisions involved cell phones. That's about 1.3 million crashes! Not only that but texting while driving is actually more dangerous than driving while being drunk or high on marijuana. Every year almost a million people in the United States get into accidents, the majority: teens. Unfortunately, the number just keeps increasing.

Though texting and driving caused many injuries and deaths, there are still people who don't think it's a problem and are confident that they can use their phone and drive simultaneously. However, 34% of teens aged sixteen to seventeen spend about 10% of their driving time outside of their lane. This affects other people who are driving and can cause the deaths of innocent lives. In a 2012 Cell Phone and Driving Statistic, it is reported that 3,328 people were killed and 421,000 people were injured due to distracted drivers. Furthermore, it is said that talking or listening on the phone increases the risk of crashing by 1.3 times while reaching for a device is 1.4. Dialing is 2.8 times more risk of crashing while texting is 23 more times. Additionally, talking on a cell phone and driving at the same time can make the driver's reaction time to be as slow as that of a seventy-year-old. To break these habits, people can either turn off their phone or put it on silent before driving. This will force them to concentrate on the road only. But if this method doesn't work on some people, you can use S voice or Siri to command your phone to read out your messages or to reply back. This will allow your eyes to focus on the road instead of your phone. No more reaching for your phone to text "Lol" or "Lmao" and endangering your own live and many others. Though you are still talking while driving, it still decreases your chance of crashing. An app in smart phones that works similarly to the method I described before is called DriveSafe. ly. Basically, it reads your text messages and emails out loud and has a customization auto-responded.

In conclusion using your phone while driving can cause/ lead you or others to bad injuries maybe death. To stop people from texting and driving, one of the major phone companies, AT&T, address this problem by creating the AT&T's It Can Wait to text and driving campaign to spread awareness. Many stories and documentaries are also posted online to support this campaign. You can also join millions of others who have signed the pledge to never text and drive and to instead take action to educate others about the dangers of it. If you still believe you can get home safely by texting and driving, AT&T's simulator will prove you wrong. It gives you a real-life experience of texting and driving. With this game, you'll only find out that it's not as easy as it sounds. Before you look at a text, remember that it is not worth dying for. But preventing the usage of these everyday devices is very simple, yet rather difficult, and will save lives if it work out. Accidents are deadly to many people, so creating an environment for everyone is better in the long run. As a young adult, I plan to use some of these ideas and promote these websites and encourage others around me to do the same.       