Driverless cars are coming to us in the near future. These cars are capable of driving themelves. For now, they still need human interaction or assistance and human skill in order to safely navigate through work zones, or around accidents. This means that the driver would have to remain alert at all times when the car is driving itself. Driverless cars can cause a lot of problems, but have some features that could really help us on the road.

Driverless cars should not be further developed or put on the market because it is too unsafe to have technology do something as dangerous as driving. There are endless situations, which means that you cannot program a computer to do all of them for you. Especially when it comes to driving through a contruction site, on back roads that are not marked on a map, or up a driveway where precise steering is required. The only reason that this whole push for driverless cars was created, is because people found it too much of a chore to pay attention at all times when driving. Driving should be something that people take very seriously, which people in this day and age seem to miss. Drivers should want to drive safely, which is why the push for driverless cars makes no sense. There is no way that a computer can do everything that a human can do when it comes to driving. However, some of the features of the driverless cars could be helpful, like the cameras on the rear of the car, and on the rearview mirror to help with backing. This could come into play when using precise backing, where you need an extra set of eyes to look behind you in order to see all angles. Also, the GPS reciever would be very helpful if you were ever lost and needed assistance on directions to find your way.

We should put the idea of further development of driverless cars away, and focus on some of the features that would go into a driverless car, that could better improve our cars right now. Driverless cars would just be too unsafe when it comes to the needed actions, like human skill. Drivers would not feel safe enough to drive them, and in the future when we finally get used to driving them, drivers would not pay enough attention to make the actions that actually require human skill. Driverless cars can cause a lot of problems, but have some features that could really help us on the road.   