Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I believe this is a good way to go around things for people that are disabled and cant walk or stand easily. Lets say you are disables and its hard for you to walk and your school has stairs but no elevator. Instead of going to school, you can work on your school work at home and not have to worry about having to go up and down the stairs, or bumping into people while you go by.

Being able to work on school while at home means you can have experience for when you have a job that you can work remotely for. For example lets say you want to become a proposal manager and you are sick and cant go to work, You will have some experience with working from home and not getting distracted while working because you did it with school work. You will have the proper ability to be able to work and not have to worry if you are going to turn it in on time.

Another example i'm going to explain is that you dont have to worry about not having enough time in class to work on a project or paper. When you are at home, you have a lot more time to work on one thing at a time and not have a time limit. So if you are scared that you will not have enough time to turn in the project while you are at school, if your doing the online course you can work on it for a bit, switch over to another class if you need a break, then work on it more. You are not able to do that if you are at school its one subject at a time.

One downside to working at home is that you dont get to see your friends as often or make new ones. Because if your at home and not at a public or private school you wont see new people as often as if you where going working at home. Making it difficult to make or see friends.

In conclusion if I had the option to work at home I would like to do it. Mostly because i suck at turning in things that are do while I have distractions at school from being with friends or people talking. So if there is an option to work on school at home I would take it.