The use of the Facial Action Coding System that is used to read emotional expressions of students in classrooms is valuable. The use of this technology is valuable because students would have a better work ethic. The students would want to strive and would want to do their work.

This technology could help make a better work ethic in students because the computer would know how to keep their attention. For example, say that a student is doing a work activity on the computer but starts lacking interest in the activity. The computer could read the students emotional expressions and make the activity more interesting, like using more colors, or even adding more to the activity that is fun. The computer could do something that excited the student or even made the student want more of something, such as information about a topic they read about.

In the article, the author states that the professor, Dr. Huang, tested the emotion software on the famous Mona Lisa painting. The software collected data that Mona Lisa was 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. With that information being collected from this software I believe that its use could be valuable with classroom computers. The teachers would value the work of the software to know how to help the students when the lack work ethic and to know how to keep the childs attention to the work. This software could even help the teachers work ethic by getting to know how their students learn.

The Facial Action Coding System could be the future to a new software in all computers when it comes to all types of schooling systems, no matter if its medical school or even high school. The way that the software calculates emotions is very interesting to me. This software was a great project to complete. In my opinion, this could be very valuable to schools all over. This could also be valuable to the students and teachers using it to work.

Its amazing how a software program can track facial movements to decet emotions. The software uses video imagery, which then tracks the facial movements of a person, which then detects the emotions of the person. This somewhat mimics the way that humans can detect emotions. For example, say you were with a friend but you could tell that something was wrong with them. You knew this by their facial expression, which is how the software also works.    