Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I'm writing to you about students performing community service. This has become an issue because some students want to participate and others don't want to for certain reasons. I am writing you this letter to give you my opinion on what i think of this whole situation. I personally don't think that every student should be required to perform community service because some of these students might be handicapped or they could be sick. Also, if they don't want to then they shouldn't be forced to. For example, a way we could solve this issue would be to ask the students if they want to participate. Tell them that they could walk someone's dog, clean up parking lots in and around Marion, tutor another student, etc.

If they where to say no to that, ask them if there is anything else they would like to do like in and around the school to help out. For example, helping clean up the cafeteria after lunch, helping out one of the teachers in the classroom, etc. and tell them that they could instead of having to help with community service, they could do this instead. If they were to say no to that then just tell them that there's nothing else that can be done so they don't have to do anything.

Students could also get a letter from their parents and bring it to you and the note could state that the students parents don't want their child to help out. Or, the students may have too many things in there lives going on and they are too busy to help out with community service. Maybe,

you could allow them to just come out and help whenever they want to and don't just force them to do it. That way those students who don't want to help right now, might decide later on that they want to and they could choose to come out with the rest of the students and help. Another idea would be to offer students extra credit for helping out. Maybe that way you could get a lot more students to join.

So, I've listed ideas in this letter for you, TEACHER_NAME, to think about. Students shouldn't be forced to do this if they really don't want to. They should be allowed to have free will just like the rest of us. So therefore sir, please take this letter to thought. A lot of students, parents, and even other teachers out there would appreciate you doing this. And thank you TEACHER_NAME for reading my letter. It means a lot!

Thanks,

STUDENT_NAME