Advice is something we ask for fairly often and receive it from many different people. When seeking advice we ask multiple people usually, whether we ask family, friends, or even co-workers. We make better decisions based on how many people that we ask for advice. Reasons we make better decisions when asking more people are you can find a common response from our sources, you can acknowledge if they have had the same problem or question as you do, and you can weigh your options not just having one opinion.

When asking for advice you want to find a common response from everyone we ask. This way you know that this advice is not just made up and people have actually learned this. It also helps you feel more trust in the advice because it is the same thing from multiple sources. A perfect example of this would be a time in my life when I was struggling so I went to both of my parents at separate times, I went to my teachers as well. I received the same advice from all of them and it was the right thing to do at that time. This is why it is important to find common responses to your questions.

Next when asking for advice you should listen from others if they have shared the same question or learned from a similar experience. If someone has had an experience where they have been facing the same problems as you the probably know what to do in that situation. Listening to these experiences makes you wiser and more understanding of the challenge that you are seeking advice for. This could also lead to you giving advice that has been passed down to you by former experiences of others and helping out. If they have had a similar experience and it wasn't good that would help you make a better decision than they did and learn from their mistakes.

Finally when asking multiple people, you can weigh your options to see which one seems more reasonable and has the best use for your situation. Also by doing this you make better decisions by taking down a couple of opinions that you don't see best fitting for the situation. This option is best for when you ask five or more people for the simplicity of making your decision the best you can. This option also helps when it is between people that you trust and that you don't trust. If you trust someone more than another you are more likely to have more Faith in their opinion rather than someone you don't trust as much. A quote from Don Corleone from the Godfather "The opinion of many is stronger than the opinion of one."

In conclusion asking multiple people for their opinions helps us more than just asking one person.

Reasons we make better decisions when asking more people are you can find a common response from our sources, you can acknowledge if they have had the same problem or question as you do, and you can weigh your options not just having one opinion. These reasons are always helpful in ways to make the best decisions when asking more than one person. This is why seeking multiple opinions is always the best option. 