I agree to the terms of all students should have at least a B average in school to attend school activities. The reason be because students who let their grades fall and focus more on sports would not appear good when applying for college, since they look back on your grades, they would most likely not allow you to attend their school. So, keeping a good grade and keep focus in sports, etc. would be good to balance things out. Also they both would look good on your applications, I personally would rather be known for someone who had good grades and being in activities as such. All students who let their grades fall though, don't make it through the school years most of the time, they either quit school because they couldn't reach the requirements or just thought they were too dumb enough to be like all the other kids in school who keep their grades up.

I personally hope that the requirements to be in sports or other activities for school should have a limit, not just let anyone do those certain things but, should allow students who are willing to keep their grades up and participate should be allowed to do those certain things they want to apply themselves to. It would lead to a good lifestyle and other things that students thought they wouldn't apply themselves to because they thought they were too dumb enough to do so, but found out other wise. The life people want to live has high expectations, kids want to grow up and have a million dollar house and car, but they cant exactly get their without having a good job, and you can't exactly get a really good job that pays much without a college degree, but to get into college you have to get your high school diploma and have a good school-wise background.

Keeping good grades, and getting to do the activities you want to do in school, is all worth wild because you will probably have a good life if you apply yourself more than someone would that doesn't keep good grades, or drops out, etc. Putting a requirement to activities which students want to do, makes students who really want to participate, set a goal to reach to do what they wanted to do in the first place. So keeping a limitation on things, and giving prizes,(like being able to do sports), would help kids do better, and not only for sports but i believe also for classrooms. Having kids reach a certain goal and if they achieve it, have a reward, like candy or something they would want, like a fun day instead of work, work and work. It would help kids better than other kids who have to keep their minds focused on work, work and work, which eventually let kids wander off and start to fail their classes. I learned from experience, if you don't try to make things fun every now and then, kids will start to get bored and not even complete the work or the assignment they were given.