Dear Florida state senator, as a citizen of the United States I would like to get rid of the electoral college and replace it by the most voted canidate wins the election. The electoral college system is curropt and is not fair to some states. Some states with lower population have a smaller voice than Callifornia, Texas, Florida and New York. Their voice is not heard or their state is not even visited by the canidates because the canidates want " bigger fish ". This is not right and I will not stand for this nonsense any longer.

Maine is a small state we can agree on that right? Now compare Maine to a much larger state in population and size. Maine has a 4 and now look at the big bad wolf state of Texas. Maine is in the shadow of many other big states and Maine is not alone. Arizona, Marryland, and even North Carolina are pip squeeks compared to other states and they barrely even get a say. The outcome really only comes down to the bigger states with a bigger population and some states are big but they dont have a large amount of people like California and Texas.

Peopel who vote are not even votin for the canidate himself! They are voting for a person who will most likley vote who we are voting for. Now rarely they will vote for the other canidate which is not right and is a waist of time in my opinion. It would be better if we as a nation would just cut out the middle man and let our votes directly go twords who we want to win the election and not take any risks. If the electoral college goes on there will still be a chance of betrayal of who the person we are voting for will vote for the oppisit person we want to win the election.

If we cut out the middle man there will br no more risks of the person we are actually voting for will not betray us and vote for the other canidate. If that were to happen there would probably be chaos and alot of people outraged. If you gave somone 1 dollar and they have to give it to another guy to get a candy bar, than the guy dont have one. The guy you gave the dollar to might just want tp keep it and now your out a dollar. Why not just cut the middle man and get whats right and what you want?

People should get what they ask for and desreve. I say lets just drop the electoral college plan for voting and do it ourselfs. Lets not take the chance of getting robbed a vote and take no chance whats so ever. Lets not leave out the states with the smaller popualtion in the shadows of Texas, Florida, and ec. but make everyone equal. Lets say screw the electoral college voting system bacause me and a million others thaink its unfair to the states and us citizens.                         