Students should be in at least one or more extracurricular activities because they can meet new people and make new friends, find out they are actually really good at the thing they are doing, and they can learn new things about something that they never knew about; in this read you will see why it is good for students to participate in a activity and maybe this will persuade you to join one.

Here is the first reason why students should join activities. Students can make new friends and meet new people if they are in an activity with a group. For example, when I started doing orchestra I made lots of new friends and I met people that I didn't even knew went to my school; also that were in some of my other classes. When I moved up to other orchestras I made more and more friends. I am really glad I joined, because then I wouldn't have met all those people and my friends. Also you might find someone who has the same interests as you do and you can maybe be try and be their friend.

The second reason why students should be in one or more activities. When students have joined a after school activity or just a during school activity or even an elective. Some students have said that the activities they are in became their new hobbies and they found out that they were actually good at it. If you join a activity and you really like it maybe you can make a career out of it. Isn't that how most famous sports players became so good at the sport and make lots of money. It's because they might have tried out the sport during school or even after. They figured out that they were really good at it. So they tried for leagues and other sport events and made it their career. So maybe if you join an activity you might be surprised and find out you are good at it.

Here is the last reason why I think students should join one or more activities. When people have join and activity they might have learned about something that they never knew was a thing or maybe just something cool to do. For example when you join soccer you can learn lots of tricks and cool things you can do with the ball. Also when I joined orchestra I never knew how to do any cool hand positions and shift up on the strings. But throughout the years of me playing I learned mostly all the things to know. Also I learned about new people who played the same instrument as me. So join something, you can learn lots of new things.

Throughout this whole essay you have read about why students should join a extracurricular activity. Examples like you can learn new things, meet new people and make new friends, and people found out that they were good at the activity. So the next time you see a flier posted up about an activity. Give it a try you might find out that you really like it and find out you are really good at the sport or whatever you choose to do.