Dear principal,

Sports and extracurricular activities are important to millions of adolescents around the world. For many, these activities keep them out of trouble, and help them occupy their time wisely. Therefore, maintaining a C average to participate in these activities pushes them to strive for their best grade in their classes so they can participate. However, I do not believe the grade point average requirement should be changed to a B average.

For many, a B average sounds mediocre. For others, a B average is one to celebrate. For some, it seems quite impossible. I do not think the grade point average requirement for sports and extracurricular activities should be changed, because not everyone is capable maintaining a B average. Everyone has different opportunities, strengths, and weaknesses. Therefore, I feel it is not share to hold kids to a standard that they may not be capable of reaching. Every child should try their hardest in school and strive for what they can achieve.

If the grade point average is changed, many adolescents may not be able to participate in activities that they would like to. This would put down many children, and they would get into more trouble because they don't have anything to occupy their time. A 2.00 average is considered " average ", so if someone is doing average in school, I don't see it necessary to take their privilege of participating in sports or extracurricular activities away.

With that been said, a C average is not necessarily good for some students, because they are capable of doing better. If at all possible, a sports and extracurricular activity requirement for missing assignments could be put in place. This way, you can ensure that they are doing their best work with what they are capable of doing.

Please take my letter into consideration. If the average is changed from a 2.00 to a 3.00 many children will not be able to take part in their activities when they are doing the very best that they are able to do.