Dear state senator,

I urge you to vote in favor of changing to election by popular vote to select the president of the United States. I urge this to pass for three particular reasons. First is because of the factor that electors could defy the will of the people or the peoples word, Second is because of the event of a it would already be handed over to the House of Representativese, and third is because of the winner takes all system.

To begin with the electors have and most likley will again defy the will of the people and the peoples word. For example, In The source The indefensible Electoral College: Why Even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong. By: Bradford Plumer, He states that back in 1960 segregationists in the Lousina legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who opposed president J.F.K. Likewise electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's canidate and vote for who ever they want.

Next, is the most worrying, the prospect of a tie in the votes of the Electoral College. If this were to happen the election would be decided by the House of representatives where the state delegations would vote on the president. Since each state only has one vote a representative from Wyoming representing 500,000 wouldn't have as much say as the reps. from California who represent near 35 million people. In 1976 a tie would have occured if 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 voters in Hawaii had voted for the other side, only a few voters away from catastrophe.

And Finally, The Electoral College is unfair to voters because of the winner takes all system. in each state canidates dont spend time in states that they know they have no chance of winning. They focous most of their time in the swing states. During the 2000 campaign seventeen satates didn't see the canadates at all including Rhode Island and Sotheren California. Voters in 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single ad. If anyone has a good argument to put their fate in presidency in the hands of a bunch of swing voters in Ohio, they are far away from the white house.

And once again state senator I urge your vote towards changing to election by popular vote to select the president of the United States. Because First, is the factor that electors could defy the will of the people or the peoples word, Second is because of the event of a tie it would already be handed over to the House of Representatives, and third is because of the unfair winner takes all system.

Please consider all of the previously stated aspects

Signed, PROPER_NAME                                              