As the years go on and we grow what also grows is the advancement of technology. Since the new era of technology has taken place the possibilites have become endless. Years back they didnt even have electric window control it was all done with a handle that you had to turn and turn until your window opened. Looking back on that compared to this day and age we have cars that are so close to driving themselves is that the safest idea no, but in my mind i think its a great idea to make self driving cars because everything technology wise is growing rapidly so we cant just leave cars old and boring we need to keep up with the technology we have at this time in our lives and make something new and awarding.

So we all know how many safety concerns we face in cars when on the road and this is exactely why people believe we shouldnt have self driving cars. Therefore i believe self driving cars are getting a bad rep without even getting a chance. if you dont test an idea you will never know if it would have worked or not and with the technology we have today i believe that in the near future sometime soon we will have a full self driving car. I understand that it will be hard to do and i agree that it can be very unsafe and so thats where the trial and error part comes in you have to try new things to know fior sure if they will work and i can say now that in the near future if we do end up having self driving cars that everyone who uise to say dont try it its not safe will themselves be buying self driving cars.

In conclusion, i know that the speculation with self driving cars is odd but the real truth of the matter is that thats our future. Every few years new inventions come by surprise and shock the world and this is just another thing that i can confidently say will come soon and take the world by surprise. Will there still be people trying to get rid of this invention? of course people will try but thats the key to sucess having people say things about what you have made and making it something so big that those same people will be shocked that ever thought something bad of you. So time is not slowing down for anyone its going fast and so soon hopefully by 2020 as seen in the article companies can start to announce self driving cars and change the way we look at cars now.