Students should be allowed to take online classes from home. there would be more one one one time,

a more familiar enviorment for them to learn in, and they have to wory about health hazards and germs that are involved with goig to public school.

there are cases where students have alot of potential but when it comes to school you just can't pinpoint what their problem is. One cause of the causes we could be that they are slower learners and they need that extra one on one time online learning can be just the place for that. tutoring is out of the question for someone who dosnt have a reliable source of transportation to and from school, but with online enhance learning they can sit at their home and get all of the help they need.

Online learning can also help kids that dont feel comftorable learning at school there are so many distractions and other things to keep your mind off instruction in some classes that it can make it hard to learn properly at times, beng at your house confrence calling is a way to cut that completely out of the equation and have students focus on what they need to be paying attention on. Parents can also help by making sure their child is getteing all he can out of the instruction.

students also will be less likely to get sick participating in online learning. colds viruses the flu is all apart of the public school system, the contact a child makes at school is enough to get anyone sick and it could coe home to spread to their families. online learning eliminates that and can make sickness less common among school students.

on he other hand there is the possibility that a student can afford a compter or tablet to participate in the proceedings. but schools can issue them out and and put warranties on the computers to make sure they get them back allowing for acces to the school.

online learning is the best way to go with learning it will make learning in school easier and more effective for students and make learing feel with a teacher feeel more personalized.