Attention fellow citizens! Like most things, cars have it's advantages and disadvanteges. Cars have developed more problems from the usage on a regular basis. Limiting car use in cities can reduce the issues related to vehice usage to a minimum.

To begin, many cities have already set limitations on automobile usage such as Vauban, Germany and the outskirts of Freiburg near the Swiss and French boarders. Freiburg has actually banned cars except for the main thouroughfare and a few streets on the edge of the community.

70 percent of people in Vauban do not have a vehicle and 57 percent sold their car to move to Vauban. As we all know cars take a toll an the atmosphere itself by adding greenhouse gasses to the atmosphere. 50 percent of greenhouse gasses in the United states are emited through cars, but on the other hand cars are responsible for only 12 percent. It seems to be that the car-less cities tend to be declining the negative effects in the atmosphere.

Next, Paris took the no-car rule to another level by banning all cars, depending on the day, to reduce conditions in the air quality because of the emitiones from the vehicles. A thick smof loomed over the city because of the gases produced form the automobiles. Drivers with licence plates with even numbers would not use their cars for the day and odd cars would be off the next in an attempt to redice the smog. After numerous days of reduced cars the smog began clear from it's usual state.

Also, another city that's cutting down car usage is Bogota Colombia. Bogota has created a "car-free" day to reduce the harmful gases created by cars and to encourage alternative forms of transportation. Anyone driving a vehicle would be fined $25. The turnout was big with many people participating showing reat results on the atmospheric conditions above the city. Another great thing that came out of this is the enthusiasm it brought to other countries who wanted some thing like this to encourage other formes of transportation and reduce pollution.

As seen in the article, limiting the time we use cars has a great impact on the environment and people around you. So what do you say? Put down the keys and ride a bike today!    