People sometimes talk to multiple people when seeking for an advice. If we only ask one person, then that person might not be correct. People tend to trust the most when they ask for more than one person's advice. And also, if we ask multiple people for an advice, we can see what their viewpoints are and what they would do in different situations. When asking for an advice, it is more efficient to ask multiple people to ensure if what one person said was accurate, it gives us a variety options to choose from, and we can combine some advises to form a better one.

The first reason in which asking more than one person for an advice is better is to ensure that if what one person said is accurate or not. If you are not sure of what one person said as an advice, you can ask other people to check if what they said was true. For example, if you ask a friend on how to handle a problem and you think that what they said wasn't accurate or good enough, then you can ask someone else for more credibility. If you do not ask more people, then you might get the wrong advice. The solution you think is correct will actually be inaccurate and instead of making things better, you can make them much worse. You can ask different kinds of people of different ages to see what most people think. You can't do that if you only ask one person or just ask the same type of people.

Another reason that it is better to ask more than one person for an opinion or advice is that it gives us a variety of options to choose from. If we only stick to an advice that one person gave us, then we will only have to take that advice, not knowing if it was accurate or not. Having only one option to choose from can sometimes be better for indecisive people, but it is better to have more options to choose from most of the time. Having more than one option is better because you have the control over the situation. If you ask one person you will have to take that advice without knowing what other great options are out there. Finally, if you have more options to choose from, you can imagine the outcome of each of those options and see which one is the best one. Plus, it is sometimes fun to try new things that have a different outcome.

The last reason in which multiple opinions are better is because you can combine some advises to form a better one. If two people say different things and both of them make sense, then maybe you can combine them to make the better choice. This also helps you with your creativity of combining things to get a better outcome. Combining advises is the best option for indecisive people. Instead of choosing between two options, they can just do both but combined. If someone gives you an advice that you would never take, but it looks like a good advice, then you should combine both. It is never bad to take positive risks, you should try something new everyday.

In conclusion, it is more efficient to ask multiple people for an advice to make sure if what one person said was true or not, you can have a variety options to choose from, and you can combine some advises to form a better one. If you ask multiple people for an advice, then they can encourage you take an action that you never took before. You should also combine advises because two brains are better than one. Different kinds of people's viewpoints can be better to try something new or just to have different perspectives with different options. When asking for an advice, you should always ask multiple people for their opinion.