Now a days cars and other veicles are the cause of many situations that many places in the world have to deal with. Indeed they do get us to our destination faster, but at what cost? We drive faster so that the earth can die slowly. Cars and veicles are to be blamned for earths killer

POLUTION.

There are some up and downs to faster transportation for example, time  management we get tomplaces in one-third of the time we would if we would go walking to our destination. We wouldn't be freezing when it's called and sweating when it's hot. The down information is that the government waste a lot of money on gas, and car prices, even on fast food resturants. The truth is we dont even need cars, we WANT cars we don't NEED cars, theres a difference of the words and there meanings. For example in the story In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars, studies show that 70% of Vauban's families do not own any type of veicles, and 57% sold their veicle just to move there. "When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and a mother of two.

Polution...... It kills the earth and infact us aswell very slowly. Each year the government has to waste thousands of dollars to keep producing greenhouses because the use of any type of veicle is monumentous. If we keep doing what we doing there won't be an earth to live on at all. Cars aren't the only thing to blame for polution, we also have to blmame HUMANS, they know using a veicle too much consists on the consumption of gas which creates polution, but they still go out and drive for hours and hours just wasting there whole intire tank of gas. For example 50% of all cars inEurope (which is half of all people with any type of car) produce fuems, (polution) that require our government to develope greenhouses, which waste money aswell.

If we spend all day driving, we let out into the atmosphere some toxic fuems that kills the earth and us aswell. Then making the government waste money to make greenhouses to try to at least advance humans lives for a couple more hundreds of years. Up to 50% of car-intensive ares in America, are to blame for the development of greenhouses, stated in the article called In German Suburbs, Life Goes On Without Cars.            