Some schools offer distance learning as an option for their students. Recently, a lot of schools are considering the route of distance learning. There are a lot of reasons why distance learning is not a smart move. Distance learning would not benefit students because not everyone has access to reliable internet, it would be harder for students to focus, and the students lose the benefits of social interaction and relationships with teachers. Traditional school in a classroom is still the best option.

First, distance learning can be an issue for some because of the lack of reliable internet access. Not everyone can afford internet at all. Also, reliable internet is hard to receive in rural areas and some schools have a majority of students living in a rural area. However, even with reliable internet access, it can still cut out or not work. This results in a student not being able to complete their work which can cause them to get a bad grade. Technology is not always efficient or works the way it is supposed to. The average student does not know how to fix technical errors when they happen. A student should not have to suffer just because they cannot afford internet or simply cannot get it where they live.

On another note, learning at home can cause students to lose focus easily. Students rarely want to do homework at home. They probably will procrastinate or not do their school work. While a student is at home, they have more distractions. They can get distracted by family members, television, video games, cellphones, and other apps on the computer. Also, not everyone has parents that will keep them structured or make sure the student gets their work done. Some parents simply do not care and will not help the student stay on task. Sometimes, the only structure a student has in their life is school. There are too many distractions at home for students to do distance learning.

On the other hand, distance learning can be beneficial in some ways. Distance learning can keep students from spreading viruses or sicknesses to one another and teachers. However, one can still catch a virus or sickness just from their parents or from going out to do mundane tasks. We all get sick from time to time regardless of whether or not we are at school. Most students also have a stronger immune systems since they are young and healthy. This can help them fight off the viruses quicker and easier. Some things, like getting sick, you cannot avoid. At a certain point a measure becomes too extreme and the cons outweigh the pros.

In conclusion, distance learning is not beneficial for students. It has too many technicalities. Distance learning does not benefit students because of unreliable internet, too many distractions at home, and lack of connection with other students and teachers. There is no real solution for any of these problems. It is not fair for the student to have such a hard time when they just want to get an education. School is difficult enough for students without them having to worry about internet access or trying to stay focused at home. Distance learning is not beneficial and should not be offered or used as an alternative to traditional classroom schools.