Seeking advice on certain problems/issues can be hard, especially when you dont know who to ask or what to do. When someone is unsure of something or needs opinions on something they turn to asking multiple people for help. Asking others can help give you honest answers and can help give you more ideas. When seeking advice people tend to ask multiple people, to help talk things out, to see if anyone has had experience or to find the best advice.

Talking things out with multiple people can help you calm down about certain issues. Feeling more relaxed and calm can help you resolve a problem or help you realize that whatever happened wont last forever and feeling calm can and will just help with your self a stem and anxiety. when talking things out with people you can get all your frustration, anger and sadness out. Telling multiple people what happened and what went wrong can help you realize what really went down and if your at fault, if others are or if you both are to blame.

Finding someone with experience on something can be a huge help.

When you know someone who has dealt with the same issue before, hearing what they did to resolve this issue can help you tremendously to decide what you should do. Also when you see your not the only one going through something that can help you feel better about your situation and can help you to talk things out with someone whos been there. Talking something out with someone who understands can help you realize if your issue is very big and important or if it will just blow over in time, lastly knowing how someone else got through a problem might make you see what you should or shouldnt do.

When making the best decision about something it always helps to have multiple opinions. Having multiple opinions is like having multiple solutions to choose from. If you only ask one person for help on something you might not know if that was the best opinion or the best advice. So talking/asking multiple people to read over something or to help you or for there opinion will help you to make the best choice over all.

Talking to multiple people for advice is likely to help someone make the best choice. It gives them more feed back,and will help them understand what to do. Not just one person will always know how to handle certain situations thats why its a good idea to ask others. People normally ask multiple people for advice to help them, to see if anyone has experience with there problem, to talk things through with others and to get the best advice.                  