Some schools have begun to offer distance learning as an alternative for students to take classes at home through online or video conferencing. I feel that many students would benefit from a distance learning course because it allows them to learn in a private and comfortable setting, the students would have more time to complete their assignments, and it would allow them to do the work on a more flexible schedule.

First, students would be able to work from the comfort and privacy of their own homes. In doing so many students would have less distractions, due to the fact that there would be very few people to keep them from focusing on their work. They also would not have to worry about being judged for what they wear to their classes because there would be no one to comment on what they are wearing. They could also do the work wherever they feel comfortable, if they really felt like it they could lay in bed and work.

Second, students would be given more time to complete their assignments. With them being given more time to work on the assignments the deadlines, for the assignments, would be even better. Students would not be restrained by a bell schedule to complete their work. And if they have any questions they could talk to their teacher directly rather than having to wait for the teacher to finish with another student.

Third, the schedule for the students would be a lot more flexible than having to go to specific classes at specific times. Students wouldn't have a specific time they are required to be attending their classes. They are able to work on the assignments whenever they have time to. And they can leave the assignment and come back to it at another time, rather than being required to finish one assignment to move onto another.

In conclusion, I feel that schools making distance learning available to all students would help benefit the ability of each and every student because it would allow students who want a more private work environment to do so in the comfort of their own home while also giving the students more time and a more flexible schedule.