School is a sacred place for learning, making new friends and becoming more confident in yourself. Many students however, may not have the ability to be open and confident with situations in school. Having more availability to online classes can be a benefit for those students who struggle in one or more specific areas. As an anticipated result of online classes, students will find a way to be more comfortable in their academic studies. These classes will benefit all reserved, exhausted and visual learning students.

First of all, some students are very reserved and as a result they tend to be shy as well. Unfortunately, many other students have been bullied and stay to their selves. These events can lead to a student not being comfortable in their own skin, nor school. With a situation like this, online school would be a great option for these students. Not only can they gain comfort but they can be at peace with their academics and mentality.

In addition to, school starts early there's no doubt about that. With the early starting time, many students have a hard time getting their day started, driving their cars to school and may not have the time to stop and eat breakfast. This can cause students to become groggy and have a hard time focusing in school. With the virtual classes being available, students can work on their studies on their own time. Willingly, this will increase attention spans and students will be more studious.

Nevertheless, with the new era us students are more prone to learn easier on technology. I've had personal experience where taking an online English class was more comfortable than being in a classroom. Students are more likely to be visual learners. Having a computer to their face and being able to have their own visual of the work they are doing may become more helpful in the long run.

In argument, a good majority of students may not have internet access or even a computer. Libraries are convenient but not everyone might have time or access to a near by library. My community is lucky and grateful to have something open to everyone. Unfortunately, not many can say the same. In addition, students may face losing personal experiences as to school dances, meeting new people and having a face to face friendship.

In conclusion, online school can be a great benefit to students who need it or may just feel more comfortable with the virtual classes. With the online classes students can become more studious, comfortable and even increase in their academic studies. These virtual classes will be in style to the rising generations and become a great opportunity to students who want to prepare for the working world.                 