I agree with the principle because it can relive stress, helps the school and teachers and lastly helps you out as well. I agree that every student should participate here is why. It could relive stress because there are stress free activities to do like drawing writing things in your journal or anything else that makes you relive stress. It helps the school you are in by doing the yearbook you would help teachers and staff members because they would have to do it because there is a team of students doing it already. Teachers would be closer to the students and bond and also know will also know there student a lot more.

If you are planning to play sports for the school if you win a major game or a championship your school will be said and many people would either want to go there after what they saw or they could see how your school is for education and go there. If you are talented at a sport or activity or hobby colleges might start looking to see if they want you. For example if you are very artistic and can draw very well a art school might want to take there offer for ten thousand yearly. Or if you are best in the football team and can throw far and catch colleges want you or even better they will give you a scholarship so that you could go there college for free for 4 years. That was only a couple of examples on what could happen.

It could help you in the future. You could make friends in these activities they could become your soul mate be your best friend until the end they could help you when your down or they can even become wealthy ans share there riches with you. It will prepare you for the future. It could be practice for a job you might want like for example the yearbook is practice for the newspaper. Or football on a high school team could be practice for the NFL. You could find a new hobby you might think you like drawing but when you try it you might like it. Those are some ways these activities could help your future or better prepare you for the future.

Its helpful to the school and staff and fun for the students. We could be closer as a school because everyone in the school will have a part to do if your in any class. More activities could be made because more people would ask for a certain activity to be made. since everyone is doing something we could ask if we could get more things like no homework for a day. Its not harmful unless you are doing a dangerous sport like football,soccer baseball and more. So everyone could a part in helping the school.

Others might say its a waste of time because not everyone wants to do it or wants to be a part of it. I personally think its a great idea but some people dont have the time or energy to do it. Its mainly meant so that everyone knows each other and that the students and teachers or students and staff memebers would be closer as well. My final thought about this whole thing is that its a great idea but not everyone it suited to do it and it would take a lot of work to get everyone to do it. Thats all i have to say about this topic its a great idea but not everyone is the same person. 