Phones and Driving

The use of cell phones while operating a vehicle should not be allowed. Today in society people do not realize how much cellphones have affected the way people drive. It is and it has been a danger for a while now. There are many dangers due to the use of cell phones most people do not realize that they really are.

To begin with, the majority of car accidents that happen everyday are usually caused by people who are using their cell phones while driving. They tend to use their cell phone while being on the road thinking they can multitask when in reality they can't. People do not realize the kind of accident they can cause by replying back to a text or just reading one. That one simple reply can take someone else's life in a blink of an eye. Once it happens there is no going back, it's not like a message where you can delete or go back to that one specific text.

In fact, using your cell phone is a bad choice to do while driving on the road. There are people with kids in their car trying to get back home or on their way to spend time with some family. Most of these people do not make it back home or to their destination due to either a car accident caused by people who are distracted on their phone. There are children who do not know that a simple phone they use to watch videos on is a bad thing for them. Not only is it a bad thing but it can cause serious outcomes to anybody who is just driving and going on with their life.

To tell the truth, the use of cellphones while driving is illegal in most places. People can get a ticket and get fined for doing so. There are many penalties that people can receive from getting a ticket. For example, some may pay the fine and get demerit points to your license. These demerit points provide a balance and check anyone's driving; they are either added or subtracted from your license. These point vary based on the type of convictions you get. If you go over the number of demerit points based on the type of license you have your license may be suspended. People need to know that you will get a consequence for using your cellphone while driving. It may not seem like a big deal but in the real life it is.

As a final point, the use of any type of cell phone should not be allowed by anyone who is driving. No one really knows the kind of danger cell phones be putting people in. Yes it's a small device almost as big as the size of your hand but it can cause a serious accident. Cell phones may not seem like a big deal to people nowadays but in reality they can be deadly.         