We have all been in a situation where our own solutions to problems may not be the most rational, and we often see ourselves turning to the people around us for the best advice. Whether its a minor situation, like what to wear on a special occasion, or major situations like what town would be the safest to move to. Whatever the situation is, how does seeking multiple opinions from different people help someone make a better choice? A few ways it can benefit you to seek multiple opinions is that different people can give you their own experiences and examples from their own lives, as well as help give you more options to help solve your issue, and can find you a more rational, mature response through the different people you seek advice from.

To start off, a benefit of seeking advice from multiple people was shown by Psychologist Generic_Name, at the University of Thomas Ridge who stated that: "It has been shown that seeking advice and opinions from multiple people has often resulted that they too have had a similar situation, and are able to personally tell you how it had ended up, and what response they took that had either resulted in negative or positive consequences." Basically, what this means is that seeking advice for more than one person can benefit you into finding a person who had been in a similar, if not the exact same, situation that you are in, and can give you efficient, accurate, first hand examples, or solutions to avoid the negative consequences all together.

Another reason, seeking multiple opinions on a situation can help you seek a better solution was shown by Psychologist Generic_Name, in the University of Washington Observers, claimed that: "Seeking a solution to an issue should require more than one opinion. The reason I say this is that when dealing with major issues having a sense of choice is very important. Being limited of options causes a stress that there is really only one valid option. Discussing an issue with only one person can make you feel that way. Which is why seeking the opinion of multiple people can give you the courtesy of responding to that issue the best way you see fit with the opinions you have been given. What this basically means is that, seeking the opinion from a variety of different people can ensure that you have many solutions to work with. It can give you the satisfaction of being able to make a choice in your situation. Seeking multiple opinion can help you avoid the pressure that you are only allowed that one solution you have received.

To add on to that claim, an article called: Seeking Proper Advice. Member Generic_Name argued that when a problem or situation occurs it is best to seek more than one opinion. His reasoning for his claim is that the more people you ask for advice the more likely you're going to find somebody who is mature, and rational. As a result their response will most likely mirror their personality. Giving you mature and rational advice in your situation. He stated that this method is often showed as a recourse to receive nothing but the best advice. Most major problems arent an easy fix, but with a mature and rational response, it will surely make an impact on seeking the right path to your situation." In other words, seeking the advice of multiple people can leave you exposed to a highly mature and rational person who will most likely give you a response that will not only benefit you, but give you the opportunity to positively turn a situation into a rational solution.

To sum up, seeking the opinion of multiple people can help benefit you in many different ways such as opinions of those who have had situations that are similar to your own, a way to avoid the pressure of only having one opinion to turn to as a solution, and the opportunity to find an opinion that is both rational and mature. It is important to know the benefits of seeking the opinion of a variety of different people. I can ensure that there will be a time where you will need to seek a choice in an issue, and I only hope you turn to the people around you for their opinion, as a sense that it can truly benefit what path is taken to a positive solution with minor negative consequences. 