Let's be honest, sometimes people don't know what to do or who to talk to at times. Sometimes we as human beings make mistakes and don't know what decisions to make when we do happen to make a mistake. We panic and we can't seem to think about what we could do in that type of situation. It gives us stress and worry. That is why people need advice from others.

People like teachers, parents, basically adults that can be trusted like priests, police officers, etc give great advice. They have experience with a lot of things when it comes to stress, mistakes, and things we could do to work hard to not make the same mistake again. They also comfort us with support and care for our well-being when we often go through troubling times like bullying, friends, and the facts of life. They also know how hard it is to get good grades for some people and how terrifying the thought of school can be. They know that it can be a nightmare for some to stay awake, study at 12:00 midnight, drink Starbucks(maybe) and overall think about when the next test or SOL or exam will come next.

Again, let's be honest, people just loved to be listened to at times. Whenever someone listens to their advice, they think that person cares about what they have to say and what ideas they have. It's what most people enjoy happening to them including peers the exact same age as you. It gives some people a sense of purpose and empathy for your current situation. Even you want to be listened to don't you?

Most of the time, people could be going through the same situation as you or maybe worse, we may not know what's going on in their life. You listening to their advice could save them from maybe hurting their body or worse. They might get bullied a lot and have little to no friends, but you listening to their advice and an extension them as a whole could really save them and make them a lot more happier. They could suffer a terrible and messed up life. They might have made the same choice as you and could have gotten a much worse consequence out of it.

But sometimes listening to other's advice could do us more harm than good. Sometimes it could get us in an even worse situation then we were in before and it could screw us up a lot more. Sometimes the advice we get would make no sense whatsoever and make the person sound like they have no common sense at all. Sometimes the advice would seem great but then backfire in a horrible twisted way. Sometimes going with your gut would seem to work better. Either way in some cases it would be best to follow your own advice.

So yes, in most if not all cases, you should follow someone's advice whether it be friends, family, etc. It can really save you when your in a pickle and help you make choices based of it. It can make someone feel special and needed. It can save someone who wants to hurt themself and/or others and give someone a purpose. All and all, listening to someone else's advice could help everyone involved.