Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during break. During the summer most students forget what they learned during the previous school year from all the fun they had over the summer,so teachers give out the summer project to keep all the knowledge in their brain. The summer projects are usually teacher designed and most students dont do them strikingly because they have so many rules and arent able to show their own way of what they learned. schools should let the summer project be student designed because they will have different ways to show or express what they learned,student project should actually be done and teachers will be able to see what is store for them during the school year.

Students summer reading projects is something they do during the summer, to show what they remember from the previous school year. They are able to express their work in different forms like poster boards, art designs , power points and etc. However if the teacher designed the summer project there will be specific rules on the way the teacher wants the project to look. Students are able to make fantasy boards and put or draw about their project There are so many different ways to show what has been learned over the summer or even during the school year.

the teachers designs arent all ways fun .Most projects will look the same which makes the day they showcase exhausting from seeing the same thing over and over again.

Projects should be exciting and informative for classmates. Teachers are able to see different and new techniques they can use during class. More than half the class wouldnt participate with the project if the teachers would've designed the project. Teachers can put some input to help the students design the project but not a lot to where it seems like the teachers is taking over their project. Students also wouldnt have done it because summer is there break away from all school work and teachers. For example my sophomore year of high school we had to do a summer project but it was call "summer reading project" it was mainly for English and it was really boring and overwhelming. There was a list that you had go choose a book from , graph organizers we had to do; and even questions we had to fill out . It was like three pages long and the books was long. Spent most of my summer reading the book barley was able to go anywhere with my friends nor family. The summer reading project wasnt even fun ,when it was time for me to do it i always got upset because i knew i was about to be bored and lonely. Students design would make the projects fun and not overwhelming.

In result of a student not doing their project would be the teacher not being able to see what they remember or know from last school year. The student is also getting a bad grade from not doing the assignment. Teachers are able to see the way the students learn. They are able to see how students will handle projects that will be assigned during the school year. there showcase on the first day of school should be informative for the classmates and teachers. Everyone should be able to show what they learned and their talent at the same time. Students want class to have more Estaing like the summer but not as much. Students dont want no boring projects over the summer where they are suppose to be having fun and out of school. Teachers should take that in to reality to because they want to have fun over the summer too.

Teachers give out the summer project to keep all the knowledge in their students brain. Summer is fun so, why not let the project be fun for the students. Students should be able to connect and relate to there project and not be bored and not wanting to do it . Schools should let the summer project be student designed because they will have different ways to show what they learned , students project will actually be done , and teachers will be able to see whats in store for them during the school year. 