I am a seagoing cowboy named Luke. I've been on nine trips overseas because of my friends. They brought me there. I will be your friend for you to go there. It was such a fun time going overseas with a bunch of life stock and the adventures I was in were amazing. You sould go and sign up for the Seagoing Cowboys program.

The first reason you should join is because of the sights. The sights I got to see when I was traveling were terrific! I wouldn't wish to do anything different than go and look at those sights again. I actually got to see Europe and China. That is awesome for some small town boy. I was very grateful for that.

It sounds like all we do is see sights and deliver cattle but we play games too! We play games like you would but in empty rooms on the boat. We have table-tennis tournaments. We also had fun on board by fencing, boxing, reading, whittling and other games.

I don't want you to get the wrong thaughts but I also don't want you to think its all fun and games. Yes we have fun and play games but we do this to help people. We don't just go sailing across the seas with some cattle, we deliver it. It is hard work but it also is realy fun. We get to feed the cattle and take care of them for the two to four weeks of traveling. We bring up hay bails and take turned doing the night shift. That's when I got injured. I almost fell of the ship but I got saved by a peice of metal. I had a few broken ribs but I've healed up quite nicely.

Although we do a lot of work on board we also do have a great time together of board too. I mentioned the sights. That's my favorite thing to do off board. It's also great to see the different cultures and how we can help them and fix their food problems. It's cool to think about what I do. I take food to people who need it and save lives just my taking care of a couple cows. It makes me feel great that I can actually do something that important with such little supplies.

With the good and the bad I still love doing this. The Seagoing Cowboys program is amazing and I hope you join it. The things we do and the things we see are amazing and it's a once in a life time opportunity I, again, really hope you take it and use it to make your life better. Please join the Seagoing Cowboys program. 