In Todays society theres a lot of conversation about allowing students to take online courses from home . While many may not like this idea it is overall beneficial to the students, it allows them to learn at their own pace , prevent them from getting harassed or bullied

, and it gives student enough time to finish before a whole school day is over .

Firstly , allowing students to take online classes from home gives the student the chance to take their time with a subject they might not fully grasps . For example if a student has a hard time understanding the topic or subject he or she is learning, they make take more time then you would regularly in a class worth of time at school.

On the other hand there might be a student that fully understands the concept and glides right through the information and finishes early , but you cannot do that in school because everyone is taught at the same pace .

Secondly, with taking online classes it can prevent students from getting bullied or harassed in school . People may not like to believe students get bullied in school but it happens . From taking these classes you prevent students from getting hurt physically and emotionally

. For example , say a kid named Generic_Name goes to school everyday and everyday theirs this bully named Generic_Name that takes his lunch and Generic_Name cannot do anything about it because of his physical attributes but he would not have to encounter Generic_Name if he took online classes .This is just one of many situations where kids get bullied throughout school , but we can prevent actions like those by letting students enroll in classes from home.

Lastly , letting kids take these courses at home give them plenty of time to finish before school hours , because they get to focus on only them selves not other kids

. By giving kids the chance to take these classes from home your enabling them to knock out more things on a regular day then they would in a six to seven hour school day . For example , say a student has a doctors appoint at twelve a'clock in the morning by taking these classes from home it gives the student plenty of time to finish there work and make that appointment , but if the student was in school he or she would be missing classes and information that they need . This just goes to show amount of time student have from taking online classes would benefit them extremely on a day to day basis.

In conclusion,

people may still believe taking classes from home is point less and a waste of time but by taking these courses from home it can help out students in so many different ways , gives them to chance to learn at there own there rate , protect them from getting made fun of and picked on in school , and even enough time to do day to day activities wihtin a school days worth of time       