Some schools offer a at home program to help kids who are absent at school, it is a way to keep there grades from dropping so low that its hard for them to make them back up. One absence can lead to a much larger problem such as, missing a day of learning something new. If a child misses a day or starting something brand new they may be quite confused for the rest of the year every time they are obligated to work on something they never got to learn correctly. If they were to miss a day of a test, they would have to make that up the next class period. At that point every day in the future they will always be behind to work on last classes work they didnt get around to. Is the school system of learning from home a good, or bad idea?

The reason why this is a good way to help kids, is sometimes, they cant help but not attend in which case they should be eligible to make up the work that they missed from home on there own time. Sometimes family problems can occur such as; parents cant take them, there mother needs help, family funeral, wedding, and hospital trips. These are all things that the child can not necessarily control and has no power to prevent them. This is why that same child should not have to fall behind their piers because, a family event comes into play, that they cannot control.

When a child misses one singular day from school, it could easily cause a snowball effect. The student misses the first day of learning how to solve linear equations when he or she returns the next day or even later, the other students in the class have already completed it. The teacher will not re-teach the entire category just to please said student. At this point the child will ask as many questions as possible to try to piece the strategy of learning back together, sometimes it works, sometimes it dose not. The child will now spend the class trying to learn how to do linear equations, by the end of the day they will now be two class periods behind there fellow students. The day they come back after that they will be trying to get the work they missed done and end up missing that classes assignments, you can see how this snowball affect can start to come about. But with this new online learning the student can pitch in with there fellow students while they learn, he or she will also learn although they may not be at school. When the child returns he or she is up to date with all the work and will not fall into the trap of missing work

People may argue that this will allow the child to stay home for no serious reason because they can just learn it from home. This is not true, although it is online and they learn and keep mostly up to date the student would not receive the handouts and worksheets the teacher has given out. The students would receive zeros for this incomplete work. it is designed to give the students a fighting chance against the zeros they would receive but also cannot be abused. If a child abuses the system by attempting to stay home more they will still receive zeros for there missing work. Knowing this, it is no different for them to not come to school without the program it can only serve positive use it will not drag the child down by any means.

The online absent schooling program would greatly benefit the students who attend the school. The positives outweigh the negatives by a landslide. The child would be more engaged in class, not fall behind the other students, have motivation to attend, increase they grades and learning capabilities. Compared to missing a day of school and bring your grade and your motivation to do good down this online option would help the students out tremendously and encourage them to do better and stay better.