Many of us are used to getting somewher by simply using a car, but should we always use a car. If we limit car usage we can solve most of our problems. We can save ecomically and collect less polution

In source one the German Suburbs are car free, where street parking, driveways, and home garages are forbiden generally. Car ownership is allowed, however where a car-owner buys space for their car has to pay near $40,000, along with a home. As a result according to source one 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars , and 57 percent sold a car to move here. Many citizens complain when the gas prices go up, but if we limit our car ussage we wont have to complain anymore. We will save money, because when we decrease the usage of cars we wont use as much gas or deisel. Heidrun Walter told Elisabeth Rosenthal that he now lives happier this way. Not only do we save money but we also relieve tension through out our bodies.

However we may not enjoy this new idea of limiting car usage some of us actually enjoy driving but, there are days where after a long day of working the last thing you want to be in is in traffic jams."It's a good opporunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said businessman named, Carlos Arturo Plaza who rides a two seat bicycle with his wife.

In other ways that limiting car usage could help us is by eliminating pollution, of course everyone enjoys breathing in fresh air. By limiting car usage we can help lower polution. According to source two," After days ofe near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city," the usage of car produced so much smog that they had to ban driving. Many of use drive to so many places that are near by that in reality we dont really have to use our car not only will we reduce pollution, but we will also maintain ourselves fit by using different alternatives like, walking, running, ridding our bikes. Although some may say, " what if its an emergency," its fine we're only limitting car usage, we aren't goining to ban it forever.

If we limit car usage we can not only save money, but we can also reduce polution, and have a better lifestyle. Although these aren't the only ways limiting car usage can benefit us.    