The principle should not make everyone do extracurricular activities.

Most students play sports outside of school so they don't not have time for an extended school day or to play for their schools team.

Making students stay after school will extend the school day and most students have already had a long enough day.

The school also may not have a club or activity that all students want to do.

Students should not have to do extracurricular activities because some students play sports outside of school, this would extend their school day, and students don't always like the options schools offer.

The majority of students in high school have found the sport they want to play.

This sport could practice a numerous amount of hours outside of school leaving them with less time to do homework or spend time with friends and family.

While some students would still want to stay after school not all of them do.

Doing two sports teams or student council takes up a lot of time.

Lots of students would think it is unfair for them to do more activity for the school when the already do.

Making this a mandatory rule would extend the school day to all students.

After a long day of school students just want to go home and relax for a little bit.

If they all have to stay after school, schools are making the school day go from seven hours to eight or nine hours.

The school day is already long enough without adding all the after activities.

The schools try and provide a variety of options for students to enjoy but not all students will like the options.

They could do a school sport but maybe they already do that outside of school they might not want to play for their high school team.

This means they will have to pick something else and maybe nothing else suits them.

If they have tried everything and they don't like anything they will dread staying after, but what are they suppose to do.

You could have a hundred options but that doesn't mean every student will find what they like, but it is mandatory so they have to go.

Even though after school might suit some students others just won't enjoy it.

They will have less time between school and sports practice.

The day will be longer making them less likely to even want to go to a regular school day.

They also might not find a club or sport that suits them.

In conclusion students have other sports to go to, don't want to go to school longer, and might not find clubs for them so extracurricular activities should not be mandatory. 