Technology is a forever advancing and upgrading construct. With the use of FaceTime and Skype, as well as many other platforms, people across the globe are able to communicate with one another without leaving the shelter of their home. Many schools and colleges offer online courses and classes for students to use, which is beneficial for a multitude of reasons for instance sick days, scheduling, and for a better and more efficient work environment.

Unfortunately, illness occurs when large groups of people from all walks of life mix. Staying out of school when ill can help stop the spread of illness. Hundreds of people share the same items everyday inside of a school which could increase the spread of a communicable disease or illness rapidly. Fortunately, for some illnesses to go away all that is required is rest so that the body can do its job to fight off the illness. Going to school without the proper rest for the body can cause even more heath issues such as making the sickness worse. Often illnesses that lead to a lack of attendance at school require more than one day of rest, with this being said online classes would mean no widespread illness, rest, and no work being piled up while absent.

Fortunately, there are many different people in the world. Some of which require different things and a different environment to learn. Which means there are different learning styles for example, visual as well as auditory learners. visual learners learn from what they see, and auditory earners learn from what they hear. often a persons surroundings can influence how they learn. if a person is not comfortable or special conditions are not met they will not absorb all of the vital information needed to succeed.

On the contrary, many may argue that doing classes and school online gives lead way to laziness. Unfortunately, laziness or not getting work done does not always mean the person is a slacker. A large quantity of students have trouble balancing school, work, and family all at the same time. Considering that online school allows students to make their own schedule which removes a large quantity of stress, and issues from the student.

Finally, online schooling allows students to maintain health, learn appropriately, and manage time. A lot of students would rather be healthy and happy while learning in their own individual way. In conclusion in order to improve schooling programs online classes should be offered to all students.