In the current year 2020, technology is extremely depended on in our society and almost everyone past the age of ten years old seems to have an IPhone, laptop, or some source of technology. With technology being a common possession to families in our society, the idea of students attending online classes at home rather than attending these classes at school has arose. Students would benefit from being able to attend online classes at home because it can be more convenient for students and there is less distractions at home.

Many students find going to school inconvenient or harmful because of things that they are affected by in their lives. Students living with sicknesses or conditions such as Lime disease, depression, ADHD, or even the Flu are put in an extremely hard and uncomfortable learning environment. Taking these online classes at home would allow for these students to learn at there own pace and be able to take breaks when they need to, rather than learning for seven hours straight which is an average school day. The students who have to miss several school days due to sickness often miss important lessons and fall behind the other students. The online classes would allow the sick student to learn at home while he is sick and avoid missing information. Another problem that exists for some students is the distance they live from the schools they attend. Some students have to travel over an hour just to attend school. These online classes would save these students time and money, and would make school much more convenient for these students.

Growing up with the same classmates for many years, students often make strong friendships with their classmates and know a large amount of people in their school. While in class, friends often distract each other and prohibit themselves from learning. Taking online classes at home would allow for students to completely focus on what they are learning because they would be completely alone with no one else to distract them.

Cheating is also a large problem in schools. Students often whisper each other answers while taking a test, or some take pictures of the test and send them to their friends. This problem would easily be solved by these classes because the student could not possibly cheat because they would be alone.

Although there are many benefits from attending online classes from home, there are some negative outcomes. Students taking these classes at home, rather than going to school, would lose social skills that can be acquired from face to face interactions. The students would also have less opportunity to make friends opposed to those that attend school and interact with many other students daily.

The positive outcomes of conveniency and a more comfortable learning environment are important than the negative outcomes of losing social skills. This means that the decision to attend online classes at home would be beneficial to the students.         