The summer is a time for enjoyment. Summer is where people are free to relax. But, in some cases there is work that needs to be done during the break. Teachers have been assigning summer assignments for the more advanced classes like honors courses. With this, they believe the students will still be learning over the summer and get their work done but, that's not the case. Summer assignments shouldn't be teacher-designed, they should be student-designed because, it can be made to where the students are more comfortable, it can be made to where it's not so much work, and it can be made to be something the students will actually complete.

When learning different things in school, students want to be comfortable,especially if it's a new subject they're just getting into. If the students are not comfortable with what they're learning,how will they learn? Some teachers don't take in to consideration that maybe the work was more difficult for the students then it should've been. With students designing their own summer assignments, it can be made to accommodate how they want to learn. Students want to be able to show that they can learn what they're given in a way they're more comfortable with.

Teachers often times give students a multitude of work. Students don't want to have to write a two page paper, or do some extremely hard 50 or more question math sheet. There shouldn't be that much work to continue learning over the summer. Too much work can put a lot of stress on a student. Some students have jobs, sports, and other curricular activities that they already have to do for part of their summer. Student-designed summer assignments can help the students get their work done in a timely manner and let them be able to enjoy the rest of their summer while getting what they need done finished.

During the summer, students don't want to have to do school work, it's summer. But since the summer assignments are needed, the students might as well get it out the way. With teacher-designed summer assignments, all of the work can be boring and too much for students during the summer. Students don't want to have to do boring work through an exciting and fun summer. With student-designed summer assignments, the work can be made exciting,or at least to where it's not as boring. The students can do learning scavenger hunts, write a paragraph on how their summer went, or even just do review games until school starts back up. These options may not be very effective to teachers, but the students will still be learning and will actually be interested and get their work done.

Summer assignments are a miserable thing for students to do during their summer but with the student-designed summer assignment, it can all become better. The student-designed summer assignment can help with comfort ability, stress, and actually getting the work done. I believe that this should be a change to help the turnout of learning during the summer. With this change, learning will be more effective and work will be completed.