I think seeking multiple opinions would be better, because you can actually view multiple perspectives and then decide which one is the best. For example, you can make a list of pros and cons to see which one you like the most. Or, you can take a vote on what to do. You will also be able to listen better and be more supportive of other people. You will as well as compromise better with multiple people rather than one specific person.

For example, let's say someone wants a dog. He or she is going to have to listen to many people's opinions about having a dog. One person could say, "Having a dog is a very big responsability. So don't get one unless you ready to take on the risks for it." Another person could say, "It's really easy to own a dog. All you have to do is feed it, wash it, play with it, take it out on a walk, and clean it's mess." After he or she listens to both people, he or she makes a pros and cons list and decides which side has more and which one is the best.

Another example, someone wants to play a sport, but it can be too dangerous. One person says, "Don't do it. It's not worth risking your life and slowly dying in the hospital." Another person says, "Do it! It's not only fun, but it can also help you be more cooperative and you are being active." Again, someone can agree with both answers, so that's why people need to compromise, to both get what they want.

One example of a compromise, you want to watch the new movie

Billy Madison.

However, you are underage. It can work out if you ask someone if he or she has ever seen the movie. If yes, ask he or she if there's any scene okay for your age. If yes, you will probably be able to only watch the movie once. Otherwise, you are goind to have to wait until you're at the age.

Another example is, you want to stay up. However, your parents never let you. You can talk to them and see if they can let you stay up for at leat just one night. If you're lucky, you will probably be able to stay up during the weekend. But never on a school night.

That's why I think seeking advice from multiple people is a better choice. Not only it will help you more, but, it can also teach you how to deal with real-life situations. Also compromising and making a list will help you with that. It will as well teach people how to listen better and be more supportive of others. Then you decide whether if it's right or wrong. 