I think The Facial Action Coding System should be put into classrooms. The Facial Action Coding System is a system that enables computers to identify human emotions. This a real system that actually works it scans your face to see what emotions you have.

In order for this to work the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. I think the use of this in a classroom is going to workout great for the students and the teachers. If you have the Face Action Coding System in the classroom the teachers can scan the faces of there students will the teacher is teaching them a lesson. After it scans the faces of the students the teacher can then see if the students are enjoying the lesson or if they aren't enjoying. This could change the way teachers teach kids by doing stuff creative different days so the kids will enjoy what they are being taught. Instead of being upset about what they are learning.

This is also a good idea for teacher as well to see if there students are having a hard time or if they are upset about something. Some kids don't like to talk about what they are upset about unless someone ask them first. The face scaning decive will be a helpful thing to put in a classroom. plsu while your face is geting scanned you have to make a happy face therefore the experiment will make you slightly happy. I think they should start putting these in the classrooms now.

Having these in the class will make kids want to learn and the teachers will be able teach the kids because the kids will be focused. It will be a great thing to have in a school it's always good to see the emotions of the kids in the classroom. Even for the teachers if the teacher is uspet the students can see his emotions with the face scanner. All in all i think they should start putting them in classrooms. I am for the use of this technology as me being a student i think something like this would be a cool thing to have in my school. 