Some advantages on limiting car use can be actually very favorable for the enviroment as well as for the people. If the usage of car is limited there would be less pollution, less car accidents and no more "stuck in traffic". As of that it would be a healthy way of life, more excise and more time to pass with other people.

One thing that could be a good way to start this "Limited Car Usage" would be what the city of Bogota, Colombia is doing: The Day Without Cars. This is promoted as a program when in that day cars are banned with only buses and taxis permited. This inspires the people to walk more, ride a bike, and if something is very, very far they could just take a bus or a taxi. This would make a great impact on people's life and maybe it would soon be joined by other cities or whole countries like the cities of Cali and Valledupar have already done.

In Paris, France driving was banned due to smog, not exactly like that, but it was partially banned to clear the air of the city. For example one rule they had was that on monday motorists with even-numbered licence plates were ordered to leave their cars at home and that they next day it would be the odd-numbered plates who would have to follow this rule. Thanks to this little rule congestion was down 60 percent in France's capital and the smog was cleared off.

In America is almost the End of Car Culture. There have been recent studies that suggests that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. By this alone you can see that "We are witnessing a long-term cultural shift" as Mimi Sheller said. Now yes, this whole "No Car" or "Car Limiting" rules can have a negative implication for the car industries, but in general for the rest of the people this would be a good impact in their lives.

In general "Car Limiting" can only make a positive impact in the lives of most of us and also in the enviroment. And as Bill Ford said at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelora, Spain: "Pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety".            