Dear Senator of Florida,

Being a man of your calibar and stature you may already know about the Electoral College. This is the process that consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of electoral votes by Congress. I'm writing this letter to you today beacuse I believe that the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational.

The process of electoral college has been around for years. I mean think about it our founding fathers created it. Which means its four score and a thousand years too old and irrelevant to todays economy. Sure it helped thousands of years ago but this the dawn of a new era. Why would it still be effective today? Its outdated! You and I both have heard the expression of "If it aint broke dont fix it." Well this the check engine light going off in your car, which means its time for a change.

Additionally, its unfair to the citizens of our nation. For instance, because each state casts only one vote, the single representatives from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters. Sure it helps with Wyoming and the proportionality of their representatives. But,its completely unfair to all those citizens of California who pay their taxes, work hard for their money to better their state. Take the time out in their day to vote. You're telling me that their vote doesn't have a valid say in the choosing of the President?, non sense.

Lastly, the electoral college is completely irrational. Its was created to prevent any regional favorite in voting and for a long time it has been successful in doing so. It totally contradicted itself in 2000, when the Gore had more popluar votes than Bush but yet fewer electoral votes. Bush went on to win the election and manage to destroy the country along the way as well. They thought that it would never happen? I mean the amount of electoral votes is an even number(538). Its unlikely I mean but its not impossible.

In closing, I just wanted to express my thoughts about the electoral vote process with you today. I believe its very unfair, outdated, and irrational. With all the infractions that can occur and risks that are involved, I believe it needs to be changed. And I believe now is time for that change! Thank you.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME   