Eighty- nine percent of people go to others when asking for advice because they may be unsure of others opinions, want different perspectives, or they want many different opinions. Although most know what they want , and when they want it , others dont and need an outside perspective for someone else. Advice is something that many people give and take everyday. Although when some people who just want a different perspective on things tend to ask many different people about the same advice. However that reason is everyone has different mindsets, therefore there most likely are going to be a variety of thoughts and answers. Even if one may have the best influence, some still want to be able to have others ideas and thoughts out on the table.

1 out of every 3 people will go to multiple of their peers for intake and feedback on questions or advice . There are many varieties of advice relationship advice , professional advice ,and educational advice. So when it comes down to advice that people may be unsure on they will go to others for their feedback. Although not all advice is the best advice, most advice is good. Advice is advice someone can give and get. So its important to some people who want multiple faces of advice to ask multiple people.

Therapists are doctors some of the main sources of advice . Mainly because they care about their clients mental and physical health.

Maybe someones boss has to give them advice . Many people give advice multiple times a day .

While many people are giving advice sometimes the advice that they give has the wrong influence. Giving someone good advice can help others make good decisions for themselves . Also getting good advice can make yourself make better choices . Some dont remember that asking for help or advice is not as bad as it may seem . People think when they ask for help the are automatically weak and that is not true.

Asking for advice makes people make better decisions and helps them influence the ones who look up to them . 