Dear senator, if I may speak for the people I think that the Electoral College was a great idea thanks to the founding fathers. The concept of every state in the United States of America and the people in the states have the power and decison over chosing the commander and chief. The fact that the founding father created the Constitution and the amendments is right because look at where we are today in history. The US is so strong and civilized because of the Constitution it keeps us heading in the right direction. Back to the keeping the Electoral College and its voting system.

The right to vote is a great power and acknowledgement. The people go to vote and then the state counts the the votes and which ever candidate gets the most votes recieves the electoral votes which is separated between the states. This is a grat thing because every right full human being has a chance to make a difference. If the winning candidate was only chosen for popular votes then it would be uneven and unfair then mobody would want to vote. Dont you think mr or miss senator that if the founding fathers thaught about this many years ago and they saw us today they wouldsay what a great idea and concept we came up with. The founding fathers thaught about the right of the people and thats what counts.

The Electoral College is a smart way to give the people there right to vote and chose who will make things better. THe candidate has to appeal to the people as the right guy to run the United States and can help improve the economy. The electoral college is not to make things harder it is to make things right and even for everyone. SOme states have little populations so they get less electoral votes compared to others states with huge populations they get more electoral votes cause they have more people voting which is fair for everyone. In the end the Electoral Collge is a efficient and non problematic solution to voting for a president or candidate.

The other fact is that the Electoral College provides a certain winner. The candidates have to go out and speak with the people and explain what they want to change and improve in the United states. The candidate have to prove they are worthy and capable of creating a better tomorrow. For example Barack Obama has created millions of more jobs for people and has brought up our economy. Since the crash in the economy he has done an amazing job in creating a better tomorrow for the people. How did Obama win well its the cause of the popular vote of the state and then which every person votes and then the winner get the elctoral votes of the state that is 538 divide between the states. The people did there job in listening and watching the candidates and how they can make us stronger. Mr or miss senator I would like you to think how would you feel if the you where a founding father and what would you want the us to be like in the future and how you can achive that and the peoples right.

The facts are all here the founding fathers and how they came up with this idea and the diddnt even know what wuld be the out come but in the end the right to vote and how every single human being makes a difference in chosing the president of the United States and commander and chief makes every person valuable to tomorrows out come. My honest opinion mr or miss senator is that we should keep the Electoral collge cause it is based on peoples right which is most importan and that why the constitution is based on the peoples right. The amendments where thought up as just an idea on a paper and when we make it a concept in the United States Government it makes us the people who and what we are today. To answer the question 'Does the Electoral College Work"? Well the answer is Yes, cause it is based on every persons vote which means "peoples Rights". If I may take one more minute of your time mr or miss senator to say "Human rights are the main idea and thats what we are all based on"

Thank you for your time in reading my arguement and why we should keep the Electoral College in place." Do what is for the people and by the people"

Thank you mr or miss senator.    