Can you imagine living in a place where there is no driving?  It is an amazing thing to think if every person doesn't drive in one big city that it saves so much pollution going in to the air.  Another thing to think about is if everyone in a city didn't drive and walked everywhere, more people would stay healthier by staying in shape.  Some people think that owning a car is more stressful than just walking everywhere.  If you don't own a car you don't have to pay for insurance, don't have to pay for gas, and don't have to pay for repairs when something goes wrong in a vehicle.  To me it sounds like there is a lot of advantages in limiting car use.

One solid reason why not using cars as much is the pollution going in the air.  In Paris, France motorists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at their house or else they would be fined.  The next day odd numbered license plates motorists had to leave  their vehicles at home.  It was a hardship at first to get people to follow these new rules, but after about five days everything started to cool down.  The pollution had dropped 60 percent in Paris which is exactly what the city was looking for.  Limiting the car usage didn't just save pollution from going in the air, but also there wasn't as much traffic as there usually was.  It also made Paris a safer place to be outside and not damage the citizens lungs.  The capital city of France also made transportation free Monday-Friday to help the cause.  Soon enough people that had both license plates could drive on the same day.

In Bogota, Colombia they do a car free day that is becoming popular in that part of the world.  It is awesome to think there are 7 million people in that city and none of them are using a car.  People that violated this goal on this day were charged a $25 fine.  People from other countries came to see how this day worked and they loved it.  The mayor of Asuncion, Paraguay said "These people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders."  You can just imagine all the benefits of everyone not using a car in a city for a whole day.  Restaurants and parks would be visited and used more and everyone would be getting more exercise.  All in all this idea was genius.

As you can see limiting car usage can help out the area big time that it is taking place.  It is better breathing air, businesses like restaurants and parks would be used more and grow steadily, and the city would be taken care of better.                      