Generic_Name used to be shy, but he joined basketball after school and made a lot of new friends and became so much more happier and gained a lot of confident as well. I agree that students should participate in an extracurricular activities because students can play sports they enjoy, get homework and tests done, and meet new people.

Most students like to pick sports as their extracurricular activity because it is fun and students get to pick the sports they like the most such as basketball, soccer, volleyball, football, and floor hockey. Doing sports as your extracurricular activity can help you get into better shape and physically stronger. Students are usually stressed and want to go to bed after school but going out to run or playing a game can force their brains wake up. Playing sports can help with your sleeping because you've used up all your energy and in the morning you will wake up felling refreshed and energized.

We all have subjects were good and bad at and need more help than others. Staying after in a homework club or with a teacher can make a huge difference to your learning and your understanding. If you stay after with a teacher they can help you one on one and talk to you through your work step by step, and it will show your teacher that you are willing to try and it will motivate the both of you to put an effort in. When you miss a day or two because you were sick it can be hard to catch up on all the work you've missed and the teacher can't sit with you one on one during class because they have to teach a new lesson to the class, so staying after can give the teachers a chance to sit with you one on one so they can help you catch up. We all take tests but sometimes we don't have enough time to finish or had a hard time with the test and need more time but you can't miss your next class, but you can stay after and finish the test and refresh your memories and go over the notes you have. Staying with a homework club can let you work on work with your friends you are struggling with and work on group projects together.

Staying after in a club is a good idea because you can do activities you like to do such as art, chess, book club, computer arts, and music class. Some of the clubs may not be something you can have as your classes and you really enjoy doing them. When you stay after you can pick which activity you want to go to. Going to these clubs will allow you to meet new people with the same interests with you and you'll have something to talk about, you can make a lot of new friends too.

Having an extracurricular activity is good to be in and can benefit you in many ways. An activity that is enjoyable for most people is sports because you can play any sport you want and it can help get your energy out. Staying with a teacher can be helpful in many ways but it can help you get a better understanding, get tests done, missing assignments, and can help get you grade up. Another way extracurricular activities can benefit is you is that you can make new friends and enjoy classes that aren't always available to you. In conclusion I agree that students should have an extracurricular active they enjoy because it can help then get into better shape, get homework and tests completed, and to make friends in classes that are fun and exciting. 