Is taking online classes more beneficial than attending a class? Attending a class helps individuals not only be social with other students on campus but also be social with their teachers as well! Therefore, because of taking online classes, students would have a decrease in social activity. Another reason why taking online classes are not the best option is because of the use of technology. Technology has a major impact on human health. Therefore, taking online classes to taking conference calls, the use of technology can be deceiving. Student can cheat off an online test of they wanted too because they would have no one around them to confirm that they had cheated.

Technology is being used constantly throughout the world today however, it has a major impact on human health. For example, technology impacts eye sight by worsening ones vision to see correctly, plays a major part in cyberbullings which might lead to suicide, and distracts one while driving which leads to car crashes. Technology can be efficient at times when needed but also be inefficient too. For instance, going to bed late just because you were on your phone all night playing games or having a test the next day and being on your phone instead of studying for that one test. Staring at a computer all day taking online classes, tests, or even a conference call would be a major impact on ones body therefore, attending classes would be way more safer and efficient than taking online classes. According to many students in colleges today, they would more likely attend a class on campus rather than taking online classes. Would you like to stare at a computer all day or would you like to be in a class were you can verbally learn and talk to your peers?

What if you were taking an online test and you have the resources to cheat would you? No one would be around you to confirm that you cheated or not. This would become a lot easier for a college student that is taking online classes rather than for a college student attending classes no campus because the students attending classes would not have the resources needed to cheat. If the kids attending classes cheat they are suspended for that college but what if the online kids cheat? Would they be of the hook? Today, I see students from my high school cheat when no one is around, those students that cheat will carry on old habits. Making students much more incapable of taking a test on their own. I feel that students that cheat from high school while sign up for online classes so that school would become much more efficient to them.

Being social is important, while in school or out of school! It's highly important to be social when you are going to college or going to a new school. Taking online classes prevents you from being social therefore, attending a class will help you be social with friends, teachers, and other students on campus. You have to be social when make friends or introducing yourself to teachers. The only way you can be social when taking online classes is when you are having a conference call.

Being social, the impact of technology on human health, and the many ways students can cheat online rather than in the classroom all are the reasons why online classes should not be recommended to anyone and should be banished for all campuses. At the end of the day its one opinion on if online classes are beneficial or not. I believe that some students just don't have the social functions to want talk to anyone and decided to do online classes instead of attending the classes in person.         