Imagine you need to get advice for an issue you have been dealing with recently. Should you ask your mother, who knows a lot about the topic, or your father, who knows very little about the topic. The advice you get from each is going to be different. When it comes to advice, talking to more than one person is useful for, listening to multiple viewpoints, getting multiple options, and having access to a lot of different information.

Listening to Multiple view points can impact your final decision a lot. first and foremost, you can come to your own conclusions. when hearing other sides of the story, you are allowed to come up with your own idea about the topic. secondly, you can gather a rough idea. with the newly acquired information, you can form your own idea of what you should do. Last but not least, you can alter the idea your originally had. the job of a view point is to give you new information to reshape your old idea. listening to the viewpoints of others can drastically change your idea.

Next, you will be given multiple options. one way of getting multiple options is getting multiple opinions. said opinions can help shape a new idea. next, everyone has equal judgment of a topic. every person is allowed to criticize or agree with the topic at hand. lastly, you will be given contrasting opinions. these contrasting opinions will allow you to see both sides of the views on this certain topic. when asking others for advice, you will be given multiple options.

Finally, talking with others helps you gather new information. First,you can learn new things. Talking with others allows you to learn about something you might have not know about. second, you can but more thought into your newly acquired information. researching of asking about the info can make sure that you retain it better. third, you can use the information to reevaluate your idea. if you had a incorrect idea originally then you can now change it to be correct. Talking with others can allow you to acquire a lot of new information.

The way you aquire advice from each person is going to be different. you will,

listen to multiple veiwpoints, get multiple options, and will gather information from said advice.