Just because it is summer break does not mean kids should stop learning. Some schools have required summer projects to ensure this learning continues. One issue they have come across when doing this is should these projects be student or teacher-designed? Summer projects should be student-designed because some students have limited time, allowing them to design it will create more motivation to do it, and it is their time off to relax.

Summer may be a break from school but this does not mean that all students have completely unlimited time.

Many students hold a job over the summer in order to save or just get money. Allowing for student-design enables students to ensure that they have the ability to complete the project even if they are working. Finding a work and school life balance can be hard, but allowing students to have a little control can help ensure that they can find that balance. Summer is the time of the year where many people go on vacation. Students going on vacation should be able to enjoy family or friend time without stressing over the project. Student-design is going to help them know that they can complete the project without hassle or worry. Having projects be student-designed helps students with limited time manage the learning alongside their work or vacation time.

Motivation makes the task at hand a lot easier compared to when someone is unmotivated. Motivation is a big factor when it comes to a workload. If projects are student designed this will create motivation for them to complete it. Having the projects fit what the students want is helpful in making sure the project is reaching completion. Designing their own projects in comparison to the teachers designing it helps ensure that the student is actually interested in it and will truly learn from the experience. Learning is a daily part of everyones life. Students having a choice in a school system where almost everything is designed for them by someone else is a welcome change. Having this choice of what the project should be is going to increase motivation greatly.

Summer is a time of relaxation. Summer break is specifically for students and faculty to have time off from the stressful school year. Students should be able to relax since they have worked so hard the whole year. Designing their own projects is a way to enable them to be stress-free due to them choosing the concept of the project. Stress plays a big role in an individuals happiness. Having time to de-stress is hugely important for anyone, not just students. Choosing what they want their project to be is going to create a more relaxing summer for students so they feel they can reach completion. Having time off is very important for students.

When it comes to summer projects student-design is the way to go. Allowing students to create their projects will make life a lot easier for the students while still ensuring they receive some sort of education while on summer break. In conclusion, the summer projects should be student designed because some students have limited time due to work or vacation, giving them the creative freedom to design it is going to help with motivation, and last but not least it is their much needed time to relax.