I disagree of the production or development of driverless cars. The cars that are being developed to be driverless sounds like it could work but there are to many factors that are holding the car back from actually being safe and driverless. It will take many computer run test to make it accident free or cable of going through traffic like humans. Weather could have an effect on the devices that are making the care driverless, they could malfunction and that could lead to a car crash. How much will these car cost when they are sold to the public. Are we going to depend on the driverless car to much.

A car crash happens everyday, cause of humans. Sometimes the weather has an effect on the accident. Driverless are can still get in car crashes, cause the car will be a computer with standard driving skills, but humans can change the way they are driving when ever. Driverless cars cant do that, they will still have a driver in the car just in case the gets into a situation. How reliable will the alert system be. If it doesnt work right the car could get in a crash and injure or kill the driver in the car and the one it crashed in to.

Weather could have an effect on the driverless cars abilitys. The Devices it has could be damaged by the rain of hail of storm. Which could leave the car blind in what device gets damaged. If the device is damaged then the car could possibly get into a car crash. What if the driverless car gets in to a fog and cant see with the cameras it has. That could lead to a car crash. Also the driverless car could get hacked.

Will anyone be able to afford a driverless car when they eventually become the only car allowed on the road.

The car that Tesla has released to the public is not a cheap car and also its not a fully driverless car. So when they release a fully driverless car to the public, will the middle and bottom class of people be able to afford these, Probably not. The Government will have to help out people that need to buy a driverless car, and we are already indebt from many things.

Once these car are released, humans will be to dependent on these cars. Eventually they will be used for military purposes. Which would cost alot of money. Also the cars will be electricals, which they can be destroyed by a EMP bomb. A EMP is a bomb that destroy any electrical thing in its blast radius which means the car will be effect. That would mean a waste of money. Taxi company would close down cause of driverless car. Taxi require humans and driverless cars don't. Many people would lose there job cause of driverless cars. Also what about Sports races. Like Nascar, there car would be replaced by driverless race cars. There no entertainment in that.   