For students with different goals and unqiue ways of comprehending, more options to finish school will be perfect for students with certin needs. if the student feel comfortable with the way they tackle eduaction they will have the desire to learn more. With student able to attend school seccssefully and staying on track with their subject from home, that way might make them feel more comfortable.

Working on gradeuation while being at home is not a bad idea for people who are responsable and willing to gradute. Stuadents who are good with self education have all the rights to practice it the way they love to. Attending classes from home should be offered to students that have interest in internet and willing to take steps toward education. Otherwise they could use it for a unssesry reasons. But does everbody have access to internet while being home.

Schools will have to provide stduents with the right tools to access the full environment of education while being at home. A video conference with the teachers will come in handy. That way the students wont struggle with getting stuck on a topic or a subject, by making teachers avaliable during certain time during the day. Also gaving the students a computer if needed, will help the student access all the information needed to finish a class.

Today's technology provides us alot of information to reach secceuss, no matter where we take position in life. People could start basenesses through the internet. With alot of positve accessable information high school/collage students could benfit from the postive side of the internet. There is no doubt that technology is the future of this generation, prepring students of what to come would help them take steps toward they goals.

Having a option for the way that fits the student to finish thier school, will help improve the way the students take education. Being home while progressing with school would binfit students with special needs. With schools providing the right tools for those students it will help thier ambition towards taking steps in education. From my point of view is a great idea for students with right characteristcis, to attend classes while being home.        