"Driverless Cars Are Coming" is an article that is written by someone who has perspectives on what is good about driverless cars, and what is bad about the cars. After reading this article I believe that the driverless cars are going to be very helpful, and useful to people in the future. I believe that driverless cars will be helpful because the driver will not have to do much work, because the car drives itself 90% of the time. Also in this article the author tell us that the Google driverless cars, can drive up to half a million miles before the car crashes. Driverless cars will also be helpful because the people that were originally driving, do not have to memorize directions anymore.

Being a driver requires a lot of attention to the road, and it is hard to pay attention to everything else that is going on around them. With the new driverless car, you do not have to drive the car 90% of the time, which allows for more time to think about other things or make sure that your kids are behaving in the back seats, without having to pay attention to the road. Although 10% of the time you may have to drive, the other 90% you are worry free of driving and can focus on other things that you need to.

When people are driving themselves, they tend to be in car accidents very often whether it is severe or not. With the driverless car, you can prevent accidents from happening for a much longer time. Driverless cars have gone up to half a million miles before ever being in a single accident. Going half a million miles without an accident, or the car breaking down is unheard of and nearly impossible, but with the driverless cars, the technology is so outstanding, that the car can go this far.

Using a GPS while in a car can be distracting and not safe to the driver, and everyone else that is in the car. Since the driverless car drives for people, now the people in the car can set the GPS and not be distracted by the road. With this feature, the car will always know when the right time to turn is, and will always get you to your destination on time. If you are a person who is late a lot or gets lost all the time, then you might be interested in this car, because it does all of the work for you.

Driverless cars are a great idea because they drive 90% of the time, which leaves the driver to be focused on other things, it can drive up to half a million miles before crashing or breaking down, which will make the car owner feel very safe and secure in the car that they own, and also the car takes you where you tell it to because of the GPS system, which can make the owner worry free about getting lost. I believe that this car will be very successful, and it will be the future in the car industry.