When people ask for advice, there is a possibility that they will go to more than one person for advice. We all have given and gotten advice. Opinions have a big impact on people, with the advice given to us we can make the right choice. I think that people seek advice from multiple people because the person being asked could have experienced it already or the person asking doesn't know what to do in their situation so they ask multiple people so they can make the right choice.

One reason I think people go seek advice from multiple people because the person being asked could have experienced it already. There are some people in this world that have done much experiencing in their lives. For example I like to have fun, be adventurous, and try new things but my sister is not like that. My sister likes to stay indoors and not do anything fun, so she hasn't really experienced much. Therefore, when it comes to asking for advice she goes to people that she knows has experienced things around that topic so she can make the best choice. I think people go seek advice from multiple people because the person being asked could have experienced it already.

My last reason I think people go seek advice from multiple people because they might be stuck in a sticky situation and not know what's the best choice. Someone could have their own personal problem and need advice to make the best choice. If I was stuck in a situation like that I would've asked my friends, family, and acquaintances to give me advice and help me figure out the best choice. Depending on a persons problem or situation I would give them advice on how to make the best choice or how I made my choice if I went through the same thing.

I think people go seek advice from multiple people because they might be stuck in a sticky situation and not know what's the best choice.

In conclusion, I think that people seek advice from multiple people because the person being asked could have experienced it already or the person asking doesn't know what to do in their situation so they ask people so they can make the right choice. I think getting advice from people is pretty important. If I never asked for advice, I would be so lost in the world because I would be making both bad and good decisions. Everyone has there own advice and opinion so by getting only one persons advice you could make the wrong choice. I think that getting multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.