Dear Principal,

I completely agree with you on the fact that students should have to earn a B average grade in order to do any extra-curricular activities. I think that this should really be enforced. We shouldn't let anything get in the way of our education, because no one can take that from us. It gives us the skills we need for life, a chance for better opportunities, and it gives us a discipline that we will need as we get older.

For one of all reasons, students are here primarily to learn. Without learning, we won't be able to do the activities we do. As a musician, you have to be able to count your music notes to know when to sing or play them at what time. You need math for this. In basketball you have to know when and where is a good time and place to shoot the ball into the hoop. You need science for this. Without our education, it's impossible to do these things.

Second, many students who are in activities are expecting to do it professionally when they get older. It's a one in a million chance that you will get drafted out of high school, or become the next famous musician in high school. Even if you do, coaches and talent agents wants the person with the better grades, and most school experience. They want an intelligent person who can take their team or band to the next level.

You'll need an education to go to college so you will get a chance to pursue your dreams. You won't get discovered in Community College. So, you will need the best grades you can get to go to the best colleges in the nation, which will open so many opportunities for students.

Third, if students are failing, and still attend extra-curricular activities, that shows a lack of discipline that they will need in order to survive in our world. If they think that they can fail a subject, and still have the luxury to take fun activities, then that takes away responsibilities. If they're the best football player in the country, and don't know any math, how are they going to be able to pay for their bills, or do their taxes. They'll rely on others to do it for them, who could possibly steal their money because of the lack of discipline they had in school.

Without education, our world is impossible to grow. We rely on mathematicians to advance our world financially. Someone once said, "Money makes the world spin.", which is a very true statement.

Concluding my argument, I think you should enforce the fact that students should earn a B average grade to get into any extra-curricular activity.

Sincerely,

Student