The author thinks that studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers, Because if we find out what is going on with venus then and figure more out about it. We go to space and we learn more about venus we could find out what is going on with venus and also find ways were it can help us in good ways. Although venus is very dangerous it would be a good way to find information. to help our planet and make our planet a better and safer place.

For example in the article they said that Venus has almost 97 percent of carbon dioxide blankets. Also even more challenging is that "on the planet's surface temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, And the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." We are still trying to figure out a way to go to venus though so we can figure out how venus can help benefit the earth. For example, in paragraph 4 They discuss why scientists are even interested in venus. They then tell us "Astronomers are fascinated by venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life,just like Earth." "Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth." "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys,mountains, and craters." NASA has been working on a compelling idea for sending humans to study and examine Venus. NASA is talking about building and designing a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. "Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms. Also this vehicle would allow them to hover over Venus's surface.

The author thinks this would be a great invention because It will help us better explore Venus. He also thinks that inventing this would help are planet, Because by inventing this it would help us better explore Venus to help are earth. It would be great for a lot of reasons,But I think it would help us get better Ideas for further inventions. It would also help us find out interesting things about Venus that we've never learned about. This is why I think visiting mars is a must in our World and society today.

The author also tells us that this is very risky and dangerous,and if you don't use the right precaution it can end up very bad. I think too that he wants it to be safe for the people that are going to Venus. The author thinks that this is so dangerous he doesn't even want do it. He then says it is very important to find out what is going on with our planet though. He thinks this can really help beneifit are planet.

I think the overall point the author is trying to get across is that it is risky but needs to be done. The author points out so many reasons good and so many bad. But in the end he talks about why it would beneifit us for the better.          