Some students are attending classes online through the school that offers it. This is also referred to as distance learning. Students are able to attend class by the use of online or video conferencing. Students may benefit from this, but ultimately they do not have a personal touch with the teacher and can often be less productive at home due to the difference in environment. At home, students are more distarcted and it causes them to procrastinate more. This deficit in learning can only hurt the student's academic career and overall success in the course. Attending class from home may also result in confusion and may need further clarity on how to perfrom a task. There is no teacher or instructor that is in touch with a student personally when they attend class from home. This is a massive problem that is carried by these academic options in learning and some students may even need extra help on various subjects that their parents are not professinal in. A classroom setting is also an extraordinary oppurtunity to branch out to others and become aquantinces with fellow classmates. Some friendships that students develop in school may last forever and this collaborative setting will develop their learning even further. The social aspect of school correlates with the academic process. Students that choose the option of distance learning do not benefit from being able to attend classes from home; their environment is too distracting, the deficit of assistance and their disability to reach out to classmates daily will lead to their future being compromised, academically and socially. Many might say the contrary, that attending classes from home will benfit people as students. This cannot be true, students will not benfit any more than how they are taught in class, and there are deficits in learning that come along with online academic options.

Students that are able to recieve help from teachers, counselors, and other staff is an enormous right for students to have. Students that recieve a personal touch with their instructor are able to develop their learning easier. As apposed to online classes, where technology is not as reliable as a real teacher. This ability to seek assistance is very conveient in a school setting because there are so many options that will benefit one's need for help. Students may also develop deeper relationships with their teacher, a relationship that is not the same via video conferencing. Students that have a healthy relationship with their teacher is wonderful, it is more comfortable to ask for help and when applying to college, jobs, etc. Teachers are a great source of a recommendation, especially ones that have gotten to know you personally.

Working at home can be a challenge for many people, especially students. Some students may even resort to studying in a library or coffee shop, due to increased work productivity. Their are simply way too many distractions at home that cause procrastination and counterproductive behaviors. These behaviors can lead to students not utilizing their full potential when it comes to academics. Students may even be attending classes from home when their parents are at work, so it is harder to recieve assistance from anyone. Since there are no parents around sometimes, there is the loss of authoritative actions. No one is home to stop their child from getting distracted and nor being on task. There are also less restrictions with the use of electronic devices.

Academics are extremely important, but it is argued that a socail life is equally as important. Many students main source of companions are derived from school. Other students in a classroom setting also help develop a new, dynamic way of learning. Collaboration is essential in everyday life as well as communication. When one gets a job, they are expected to utilize these skills in order to be more productive in the workplace. Online classes completely erase ones ability to make friends in school and can even become socially awkward and out of place in real-world environments. Attending classes online may have many benefits, but it is not nearly as productive in learning at school. Students that choose the option of distance learning do not benefit from being able to attend classes from home; their environment is too distracting, the deficit of assistance and their disability to reach out to classmates daily will lead to their future being compromised, academically and socially.