Would you want to be forced to do an extracurricular activity? It would not make any sense for our principle to force everyone to do an activity after school. It should be our choice on whether or not we want to do one or not. Also for some kids it may be hard to fit one into their schedule, they may not have transportation to and from the activity, or they could just not want to do an extra activity.

First, some kids might have to do things after school that wouldn't leave any time for an extracurricular activity. They may have to take care of younger siblings while their parents are at work. They could even have a job that doing an extra activity would make them late to. Also we have tons of homework every night that we have to do that takes up a lot of time. Basically many kids have way more important things to do and cannot make time for an extra activity

Second, transportation home from the activity may be a struggle for many kids. They could have parents that work so they would have no way to get home. Most parents are not out of work until hours after their children get home off the bus. Having to stay after school and not take the bus home would leave many kids without a ride back to their house.

Last, doing an extracurricular activity could not be in the interest of a lot of kids. They could be exhausted from a long day of school and just want to go home and rest. They could also not have much athletic ability that would make it harder for them to do a sport. As far as student council, yearbook, or other after school activities like those, although those things may be interesting to some students, they are definitely not to everybody.

In conclusion, our principle should not force us to do an extracurricular activity. It is time consuming, forces everyone to have to find a way home from school other than the bus, and may not be what everyone wants to do. We should have a choice on whether or not we do an extra activity. We are old enough to make our own choices and we dont need our principle to be telling us what to do inside and outside of school.