Being able to detect other peoples and even your own feelings when you want to just by looking into a computer to detect whether you are happy,sad or angry is unique. But if you are not willing to share or show that information at a public place it would not be. Especially when your surrounded by your own classmates and one of classmates accidentally sees what the technology detects on you or someone else.

I personally think the use of this technology to determine what your mood is pointless in a classroom full of students. I mean what would be valuable about it? Besides detecting your mood. Students come to class just to learn, be creative and open their mind to knowledge. The Facial Action Coding System would be more of a distraction to kids they would not be worried about the right things.

Also some students would not take it seriously they would just play around when it comes to this just by making faces into the computer. And inviting their friends to come along and do it with them. Which would be a huge distraction to to both the students themselves and the students that are actually trying to learn. When it comes to stuff like this students would just use it as a toy and will not actually use it for what it is for or see the bigger picture for it. The authority would be very angry once students are playing with it and not paying attention.

The Facial Acting Coding System could possibly start some problems with students and their classmates. For example say their is a student sitting down in front of the technology and it detects the student is angry and sad. What if they are other classmates watching what it detects and ask the student "Whats wrong why are angry?". The other student would not want to tell him because it is probably something personal they would like to keep to themselves and not share with others. This will cause the other classmate to go around and tell everyone that the student was angry and sad. It might possibly cause chaos.

Therefore these examples show perfect evidence on why this technology should not be available in a classroom. It can cause a lot of problems, playing around and just an unecessary distraction to not one but many. And possibly it may not even be accurate in some cases.          