I joined a extracurricular activity and made a lot of friends in the process, 1 of my best friends is actually someone i met during a extracurricular activity, his name is Generic_Name and we met through football. I agree with having students being in a extracurricular activity because you make more friends, become more social with better communication skills, and you might find a activity that you like to do.

One of the reasons why I think it's good for people to have more friends is so you dont have to deal with loneliness. Being lonely is something that no one wants to go through. You might have a great personality or a really cool talent, but no one is willing try and get to know you. Nobody wants to sit at the lunch table by themselves, or have a class with no friends in it either. And also people want to be known as the "cool kid" or something of that nature, which isn't a bad idea. But if you make friends with people who act just like you then that'll be a lot better than hanging out with the cool kids.

Another reason on why its good to have friends is so school isn't as boring. Walking around in the halls by yourself, sitting in a class with no friends, or jogging in P.E. by yourself is boring. If you have friends then he or she will invite you out to do stuff, so it also makes life at home more fun.

my last reason on why it is good to have friends is because a good friend can make your day a lot better. If your team just lost the championship and your sad then hanging out with your best friend might not be a bad idea. Or if something is bothering you then a friend can tell when something is wrong with you,and he or she will try to make you feel better or if they have to leave you alone then they will. A good friend should want the best for you,they should make you feel happy. However, if a friend is always putting you down, making you sad, or can't make you feel good about yourself, then that person isn't a good friend.

Some of the reasons why i think having good communication skills and being more social is good is so making new friends isn't hard for you. If you have bad communication skills then making new friends might not be easy for you. And since your not that good you might not even try to make new friends because you might not even try to make new friends because you probably think that you might come off as weird, and you wont get that person to be your friend. But if you participate in a after school activity then your social skills will grow, and you will also know how to talk to different kinds of people.

Lastly, i think its good to be social and good at communicating in the real world. In the real world you will most likely be working with someone else. If your a doctor, do sports, or something along the lines of working with other people, then having good communication skills would make your job easier. If you have bad communication then your job will be harder and you might not like it as much because of the people you work with.

My final reason on why i think students should participate in a after school activity is because if they find something they like to do. If a student is does a sport like basketball and he or she likes it, then that person might want to play basketball something around that topic. Maybe they dont want to be a basketball player but instead a coach or a physical trainer. Or maybe they just want to be in shape so that their body can do a physical activity at its full potential.

Joining a after school activity doesnt seem so bad, i think theirs a lot more benefits if you do it than if you dont. Meeting new people,making new friends, being more social, and communicating better with others seems like you have a lot to gain.

My reasons for why the school should put kids in a extracurricular activity are making new friends,have better social and communication skills, and they might find a activity that they like, i agree that the principal should enforce this rule and i hope i could convince other people to support my opinion.