In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile' it talks about how you can tell a students emotion from a new technology called the Facial Action Coding. Would you want a computer reading your face? or knowing how you feel? I actually don't think that is necessary. Why? because some people want all their feelings to be kept to themselevs, does'nt want the computer or the teacher knowing what's going on with them, or is'nt even comfortable with even letting a computer tell your emotions. I know I would'nt because technology is too much and can make up so many things about you.

First reason, why I feel that technology shouldnt be used in a classroom to tell how you feel because some people want to keep all of their emotions to themselves. Nobody wants technology to show them the percentage of how they feel, to make them maybe more upset then what they are. If a student is more angry than happy the teacher might start asking questions wondering why. The student didnt want anyone to know. Its like the technology would be taking over the students space.

Second, a teacher should'nt know personally why a student is feeling a type of way. Unless the student is willing to tell the teacher. Instead, of being forced to be told bc the technology is telling your emotions and how you feel. The computer constructs a 3-D model of your face, all 44 major muscles in the model must move like the human muscles. The Facial Action coding is all in your body controlling your emotions.

Last reason, I think why it shouldn't be used or is'nt valuable is not being comfortable with the Facial Action Coding knowing their emotions. The creator Dr. Paul Eckaman, came up with six basic emotins. The different emotions he came up with is happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. Also, each characteristic movement of the facial muscles. Technolgy reading how I feel, but definitly not in a classroom it is not the time or place to see how someone feels.

In conclusion, so basically I feel like you should'nt have to d it in a classroom. Maybe if you are outside of school, in a doctor office it'll be more comfortable. In class using the technology of Facial Action Coding is not where you should use it, it isnt valuable in a classroom. Eventhough, you could tell how someone feels by looking at their face sometimes, does'nt mean you use technology to see all your emotions. So, I disagree with is being used in classrooms. 