Generic_School allows many of its students the opportunity to take online classes. Students can take most classes including Gym and Economics online. There are cons to taking classes online, such as less personal relationships with the teacher, and an increased workload. But ultimately, online class's are a privilege and resource which should be taken advantage of. By offering students the opportunity to attend online classes at home. Students benefit because they gain the opportunity to take more classes, are able to attend class even when out of school, and the classes will likely help with collage applications.

The first reason that online classes are benefits, is online classes allow students to take classes that they might have been too busy to otherwise take. Many students want to take an Academy class which takes up two class periods. Students at Generic_School have 7 class periods, so many students do not take an academy class because they will need to drop a class. Providing students with the opportunity to take online classes allows students to take the classes they want, without dropping other important classes.

The second reason that taking online classes is beneficial, is online classes allow students to attend class, even when they are out sick or on vacation. When a student is sick, they should not go to school, but many do because they feel that they can not afford to miss class. Normally, a student who misses school whether because they are sick or is out of town, has to make up anything they missed. But with online classes, the student can do their classes work like normal and will not have to make up the work they missed. This allows the student to keep up with their class. Having to make up what they missed while sick, and learning new material, can be very stressful, as well as, potentially leading to more school problems later on. An additional benefit to the student staying home is that they will expose less people to there illness therefore cutting back the number of additional students who become sick.

The final reason that the opportunity to take online classes is a benefit Is that taking an extra class or two can look good on a collage application. If a student keeps up with the work, extra classes can demonstrate an interest as well as aptitude in a particular subject. Online classes can also help boost a students grade as an extra class can be a boost to the students GPA. While some might argue that taking extra classes is more of a risk because of the increased workload, I would argue that as long as the student is interested, wants to take the class, and works hard, that the student will reap the rewards of their extra work.

Overall there are many benefits to schools such as Generic_School, offering online or distance learning. More opportunities, the ability to attend class without being in school, and the potentially helping students achieve a stronger collage application are only a few of the benefits provided to students who use online/distance learning. Though there are negatives, online learning provides awesome opportunities to any student who uses the resources available to them.