Texting and driving

Over half of drivers in today's society have this horrible habit of texting and driving. This has to stop immediately, texting and driving puts people's lives at risk. This simple act has caused many fatalities over that last years. Fortunately, the government have put a new law to deal with this problem with our generations problem of texting and driving. I strongly feel that texting and driving is dangerous and should be prohibited.

Diving more into detail, texting and driving is hazardous and life threatening. Just imagine you're on the road driving to your friend's house and someone shoots you a text. You look down not even for 5 seconds; then you accidents swerve into the next lane hitting a car. There are so many different scenarios that could go wrong in that situation. Your life is over just because you couldn't wait to text your friend. The consequences that texting and driving comes with just isn't worth it.

The cost of a life shouldn't be worth a text message, Snapchat or Instagram DM (Direct Message). Texting and driving has taken many lives. In a recent article I read it said "2017 U.S. Cell Phone and Driving Statistics. In 2012, 3,328 people were killed in distraction-related crashes. About 421,000 people were injured in crashes involving a distracted driver. In 2017, 11% of drivers under age 20 involved in fatal accidents were reported to be distracted at the time of the crash." This cannot go on any longer we must do something to stop these numbers from increasing.

Luckily the government has enforced a brand new law called "Hands Free".

This law states Drivers cannot have a phone in their hand or touching any part of their body while talking on their phone while driving. If you don't follow these laws they can fine you fifty to one hundred and fifty dollars. I feel that this action was necessary and justified to better protect our society.

Over all texting and driving is dangerous, has killed many people and is now on the decline thanks to the new " Hands Down" law.      