The principal has decided that all students must do an extracurricular activity. Extracurricular activities can be fun or can just give you something to do. However, I do not agree with this. The principal might have a good reason for doing this, but students should be able to do whatever classes they want to do and not do whatever they don't want to do, and some extracurricular activities could clog a busy student's life with unnecessary work.

Students should be able to choose whatever they want to do. Some might want to take extracurricular activities, and some might not want to. One of the most important things about work, school, or any type of job is that it doesn't matter what you're doing as long as you're happy doing it. Happiness has a large effect on anyone's life. It is very important that a student is happy with whatever they are doing, because if they do not like what class they are participating in, they might not want to do their work, which could lead to bad grades, which could lead to anxiety or depression. Then, they might not be able to focus on their other classes, and that means more bad grades. There are many other paths that not enjoying your work can go down, too.

Some children's lives could be very busy. Let's say that a child is living in a family that does not have much money, so they need to stay home and babysit their siblings. An extracurricular activity such as a sport can lead to the child not being home until even later that day, which means their parents have to stay home to watch their other children, meaning the parents can not work to make more money. This could lead to very difficult financial issues for the child's family. In fact, this happens too often in real life. This could happen in real life to a student at the school, and they might not even be able to afford school anymore.

The principal should most definitely consider their decision. Extracurricular activity can affect student's lives in many different ways, but some of effects can be not at all beneficial to a student. Unnecessary work can affect emotional, physical, and mental health in more ways than you can imagine. If students want to do an extracurricular activity, they can, and if they don't want to, they shouldn't have to. Not being able to make your own decision can not only affect what you want, but also what you need.