Space has always been considered the final frontier for humanity, and us as humans can only dream of what is out in the cosmos, awaiting to be greeted by us and our goals of exploration. That is why the exploration of Venus is so important, despite any and all dangers there are with doing so. Venus could be our stepping stone into a new era of exploration, pushing humanity into another golden era, or a renaissance.

The first reason that will be explained as to why we should explore Venus, despite its hostile environment and dangerous aspects, is that it tells us more about the planet itself and gives us insight to dealing with more challenging and dangerous scenarios in the future. Knowing how a planet works will always be beneficial to us and help in future space exploration, especially when the planet is our planetary neighbor in the solar system, and may have once held attributes similar to Earth's long ago. The similarities between the two planets pushes for exploration as Earth may one day end becoming like Venus and require a call for innovations to accomodate humans onto the planet. This speculation on the similarities also points to the question on whether or not there was once, or still is, water on Venus. This is because if there really has even been any form of water on Venus, then that next points to the question about life on Venus.

Venus's similarities to Earth don't stop, however, as Venus is at least now similar to Earth with its surface of rocky sediments, valleys, mountains, and craters. The rocky planet's formations and such have been found to be similar to those found very commonly on Earth, emphasizing on the theory that Venus may have once been similar to Earth, and if it can be helped to be restored. If this were possible, then it would make Venus a second hospitable planet for humans within the solar system making transportation easier than other planets as it is one of the closest planets to Earth, but cheaper as it would require less resources.

In the end, Venus should still at least be explored more thoroughly on its surface, and perhaps later underneath into the deeper undergrounds below if the technology ever becomes available, as this allows for potentially useful information to be gathered on the planet.