Driverless cars would have never crossed our mind 50 years ago, but today, they are already being developed and tested. Driverless cars are wrong beacuse they could cause a lot more accidents from technology malfunctions, they could potentially cause many law suits and problems in our world, and they will make humans even more technology dependent and incapable of taking care of themselves if somehow we lost all electricity and had to operate cars by ourselves.

Driverless cars are owned and operated by the company who makes them, humans have little to no control on what happens in the car. So if the car crashes, would it be the manufacturers fault or the humans fault? Driverless cars could potentially cause many unneccesary arguments and law suits between manufacturers and consumers. If someone is riding in the driverless car, and the car crashes, the manufacturers should be the ones to blame unless they develop a technology to enable the humans to take complete control if neccesary. Many arguments could be made that the manufacturer didn't program the car correctly anf that is why the person was injured or even so much as killed. This could result in manufacturers of big companies paying millions maybe even billions of dollars in law suits.

Driverless cars could cause a lot more accidents because there isn't someone physically watching the surroundings of the car, and technology as simple as calculators can malfunction sometimes, so would you really trust a car run by a computer with your life? Driverless cars have no human physically driving unless it enables the human to drive, and even then it will be hard to avoid the accident because the car wouldn't inform the human about the incident unles just milliseconds before it happens because they can't predict the future and neither can we. The amount of accidents would most likely skyrocket if driverless cars became an everyday thing because of the lack of control and responsibilty a human has in the car.

Today we have many different things that involve technology. We have phones that we depend on for almost everything we do in life, we have computers which we use to store information, we have calculators so we don't even have to remember how to do simple math on our own. Almost everything we do in life has some sort of technology to make our lives easier. Now we might not even have to drive our own car. Driverless cars could mean that people never have to learn how to drive, and then what would happen if for some reason the world lost all electricity, wifi, and communication signals? That means no more phones computers, calculators, and no driverless cars. People are so dependent on technology today that giving them another thing to be dependent on to not have to drive themselves is going to cause a lot of problems if the world has an extreme crisis. Hardly anyone would know how to drive, which means very little transportation and it will be ahrder to communicate with people.

Driverless cars should be illegal because it could potentially cause ven more uneeded law suits and arguments, it could cause a lot more deaths in car accidents, and it would make people very uneducated on how to get places if the technology somehow stopped working. The world is just fine driving themselves, and on top of everything else we depend on technology for, it would be nice to keep at least one thing we have to do for ourselves just for the sake of human independency. If we create driverless cars, we will truly not have anything left to do for ourselves and there will be extreme crisises if something were to happen to our electricity.   