Who should I go to for advice? My parents? My teacher? My friends? When asking anyone for advice, seek more than person because people have different viewpoints, talking to more than one person will help you alter your decisions, and talking to someone older can give great life advice.

When asking people for advice, seek more than one person because people have different viewpoints. In life choices, sometimes there is two or more sides of an argument. Seeking help from people can help you think which side of the argument is right. People have different reasons to choose the choices they've made. They would think, how would this effect them or what it would do to others. If it's better off for them and other people, then it's a safer choice. Talking to more than one person can point out which advice is better, which one to use, and how it could be done. Choosing between people's advice can help someone make a better decision. Thinking and choosing between viewpoints can help someone make a better decision as a person.

When asking for advice, seek more than one person for help because talking to more than one person will help alter your decisions. For example, once I searched for advice on how to work out my plan for the school year, for having a lot of after-school activities to fill up my time, I needed to figure out how to fit my homework and free time into my day. So, I seeked my dad first for help. He told that, whatever works for me, as long as I get everything I need done in that day, completed. So, I don't have to worry if my grades fall and I get my work done when it's supposed to be turned in. My dad gave me really good advice but I asked my mom too so I would get mostly the same idea. She told me that, I should get all my work I need done, completed. So I could do whatever I wanted later and as long as I don't get under a C-. I'm fine and I don't need someone to help me if I understand the work we're doing. Both of my parent had good and near the same advice. So, I put together in my head, the plan I have now. My plan for the school year is a big part of my weekdays. It's useful that I got the help from my parents to form and use it today.

When it comes to asking people for advice, It's helpful to ask more than one person because talking to someone older can give great life advice. People that are older give lots of advice like how to meet new people, how to know wrong from right, how to find a job, and so much more. They can tell you if they've made bad decisions so you don't make those bad decisions. Older people can help you with life decisions like what kind of car is the safest, what neighborhoods are protected, and again so much more. Older people know what are the best decisions that they can give you and it can benefit your life a lot. When it comes to something bad, older people in your life can prevent you from making those decisions by opening up to what's wrong and what's right. Seeking help from people older than yourself can give amazing life advice to benefit your future.

When asking people for advice, seek more than one person because people have different viewpoints, talking to more than one person will help alter your decisions, and talking to someone older can give great life advice. Life choices can have am argument between choices that are different from each other. It can be hard to point out which side of an argument is right because people have different reasons to make the choice that they did. Talking to more than one person can point out which advice is better and which one to choose. In my story, I explained that talking to more than one person can help you alter decisions and it also is possible to form an agreement between two different viewpoints. But, if you have two viewpoints that already agree with each other, that doesn't need to be done. Older people can give great advice when it comes to helping with life decisions and preventing you from making bad ones. These people's advice can benefit you a lot and you should take it when they give it. Seeking advice can help with anything you're going through or feeling, even if it's just minor.