Giving student the option to take online classes is beneficial is many ways and could lead to amazing outcomes. This will allow students to learn at home, which could be a much better leaning environment. Many students have developed poor mental health because of public school. This could even increase the amount of students who graduate every year. These students might even develop great life long skills in the process of taking online classes.

Many people know that being in a comfortable and healthy environment is key to a great learning experience and getting work done. A comfortable environment is what most kids need to be successful and their home might be the best place. Some kids say they like the school building better because of family issues at home, but other kids feel safe and comfortable at home and not in a school building. Online classes would allow all kids to be in an environment they love. There is usually lots of drama, fights and loud arguments between students in school which is a huge distraction for everyone. Online classes could help eliminate that distraction and it will allow students to focus on their class work instead of the people around them. They would also be able to stay out of the drama and the fights.

A big problem is students and their mental health. Many people say that school is a welcoming place where all students are treated fairly and given the best learning experience. Unfortunately, that is not always the case. Many students suffer from anxiety and depression that was caused by a poor school environment and a poor learning experience. Everyone knows that some form of bullying goes on in most schools and sometimes adults in the building turn their heads the other way and choose to ignore it. That can cause depression in the kids who are bullied because they will feel that nobody cares about them since nobody is helping stop the bullying. Teachers are also a reason why students can develop anxiety or depression. Sometimes teachers will tell students that they wont help them and that he/she should have been paying attention the first time the lesson was taught. Although, some students really dont pay attention when they ask for help, this is not the case for all students and teachers should not assume that it is. What teachers fail to understand is that some students do try, and they try really hard to understand something but not everyone learns in the same way or at the same pace. Some might even have ADD (attention deficit disorder) or ADHD ( attention deficit hyperactive disorder) which are mental disorders that cause a person to struggle with learning and can only be corrected by taking medication. I have personally experienced this exact event and it creates the worst feeling in the world. Students will no longer ask for help because they are too afraid of being shut down by the person who is supposed to help them. They will suffer in silence and eventually fail the class. With online classes this might not be the case. Most likely, the teachers who truly care about the students would be the ones in charge of the online classes so students wont have to worry about being shut down and they will get help from the teacher so they can succeed. They would also be in their own home and cant be bullied there. Support and help is important and this can be given through online classes that are taught by teachers who care.

My final reason for why online classes are beneficial is that the number of students who graduate can increase. When a student takes online classes there are no other students around them to be distracted by because they are in their own home. They also dont have to worry about attendance and falling behind since they would always be able to get to their classwork. This will allow students to get smarter and learn much more than they thought they ever could. They will be able to feel what its like to accomplish something and they will want to push themselves further so they can accomplish even more. They will realize that they can do anything, like graduating, as long as they put their mind to it. Online classes would require the student to have good time management skills and self discipline. It will be hard to be successful with online classes if they do not have these skills. The good thing is that If they dont already have these skills they could develop them while taking the online classes. Since they are in their home they would need to understand that there would be almost no excuses for not doing classwork. This could be hard for a few students but those who are able to develop those skills will be able to use them the rest of their lives.

In conclusion, there are lots of reasons why online classes are beneficial. These are only a few important reasons. Giving the option for online classes could allow kids to graduate and become very successful in life. They will learn great skills that they will always be able to use. Most importantly, they will have a healthy and positive mindset which is very important and needed for many things in life. Lots of students would love to take online classes over in the school building if they were given they opportunity.         