Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students would be less distracted by others, won't have to encounter and deal with bullies or any negative things, and can help people who are physically handicapped. Students will also be able to drink and eat when they so choose, and won't be restricted by their teachers. School can be very distracting for some and also very restricting so students being able to attend classes from their home can be very useful and helpful for students.

School can be a very distracting place due to others being able to bother the student and distract the student from doing their work. Taking classes at home and isolating them from any possible distractions will allow them to focus a lot better and a lot easier. Other people talking, loud noises, and other distractions can be a nuisance to the student and being at home can reduce the amount of distractions and possibly the amount of stress that can build up on a student.

A significant reason why students would benefit from being able to attend classes from their home is that they won't have to deal with being bullied physically, and can reduce the amount of negative things that a student can encounter and deal with. Online bullying is still a possibility, but not having to deal with bullies physically can help a student's mental health and reduce their stress.

Online classes can be a very big help to students who are physically handicapped and unable to travel very far. Being handicapped is a very big burden to someone, but if they don't have to go through the struggles of getting to school and instead they take the class online, then it can help them out significantly. Another reason why online classes can help a student is that they will be able to eat and drink when they so choose since they are in their own house. Teachers at school and school in general is very restricting, but being able to attend classes at home can give students more freedom and let them do what they need to do when they have to do it, like eating, drinking, or even using the bathroom.

One could argue that students wouldn't benefit from attending classes at home because students need social interaction with each other. Students can make friends a lot easier if they go to school normally and it would be hard for students to learn to socialize properly if they are only taking online classes and don't have people to talk to or friends to meet with. Schools encourage social interaction, but taking classes from their home would stop that and would only have online social platforms, such as Snapchat or Instagram.

In conclusion, I think students would benefit from being able to take classes from their home because it would reduce their stress and help their mental health, they would not have to deal with physical bullying, they would have less distractions, and they would have more freedom, despite the fact that it would be harder for students to socialize.