Generic_Name

Grade 11

3/9/2020

D

oes being home school damage students education? Yes, because most home school students social skills isn't well develop, being at home can be an distraction to their education, and limits educational activities.

After high school in the real world social skills are the key to having a successful life, everywhere you go people are going to be around. High school is suppose to guide students on the right path of a successful life, teaching students how to properly save and spend money, being responsible by turning your work in on time, and much more skills you need in the real world. Being home school may hurt someone social life which effects the social skills being develop, someone not having a social life could be depressing and lonely. Getting a job could be exhausting at times if someone doesn't know how to communicate properly, the first interviews are the most uncomfortable situation. Because the hiring manger wants someone who knows how to work well with people, being able to communicate with your boss and employees are very important.

However home school students could get distracted from school work easier than a student being distracted in school. Cellphones are the biggest distraction in society right now, you could be on your phone for hours and not know it. For not being around teachers physical it's harder for students to stay on task, teachers constantly have to remind students to behave, and do their work. Do you really believe a home school student can stay on task all the time? It's impossible for a teen to not get a little distracted, especially being home all day. Teens have their televisions and cellphones, being at school limits students to watch televisions or be on their phones.

School open eyes to many students trying to find themselves through educational activities, music, sports, art, and clubs. In schools you always have an option of trying something new, because of the verity of things in school to pick from. Also, determent the liking of something that could become into a future career. Being home school limits that experience yes, you could find something of your liking out of school. But its easier when all these options are at one place.

Therefore being home school is damaging to students learning and their social developed, students are better in schools because of the teachers they have for role models. Having someone to remind you of staying on task, getting your work done is very helpful. Nobody is perfect there are distractions everywhere, but having encouraging adults around is amazing. Social skills are very important for having a job and being able to fully communicate with people. High school really help students finding their life paths.