Students should not have to participate in activities because some students might not have any interests in the activities the school provides them with. Teachers, and parents always tell me "school comes first", but the principal is more worried if a student makes practice on time. Now cm not saying activities are bad for students, but why does every student have to participate when they should be more worried about their future. Kids are more worried about missing their clubs than missing the notes that the teacher is providing before the test. Students should not participate in activities because some kids might not have any interests, kids should be more worried about their education than their clubs, and last but not least, kids are missing missing the notes that the teachers provide for the kids so they can pass their test.

Not only does this situation affects students, but it also affects teachers and parents. Most teacher are anxious for kids because they have doubt that the students will not pass their assignments or even their class. Parents are terrified of the school calling them because their kid is not passing. Getting an education should be a kid's top priority because not one dream will be possible without an education. This situation can affect teachers and parents because they both get anxious when their kids are not passing a class, A kid's top priority should be getting an education.

School activities are good when students are still doing good in school. activities should not be in front of education but kids will put it there when teachers are forcing students to take an extracurricular course. Most students only want to learn when they walk into school. But they are being forced to join an activity that has no relevancy. School activities are good when kids are passing, a kids education should always be first, being forced to join an activity is not right.

When I was 13 years old in seventh grade, I was on a basketball team. When I walked into practice my coach called me in to talk about my grades and why I was failing, he didn't care about what I had to say so he cut me from the team. When I walked home my anxiety level went through the roof because I was trying to find a way to bring up my grades before the school year ends. When I told my parents what happened they started panicking and hitting and told me it was way too late to bring my grades up and I might fail. My body felt cold and I was depressed, I begged my teachers for help everyday but they told me that it still would not bring all of my grades up. Because I didn't care about my school work I had bad grades, I had anxiety, and last knowing I couldn't do nothing to bring my grades up gave me depression.

Students should not have to participate in school activities because most kids might not have interests in them. activities can affect a kids grades which can have teachers and parents worried. Kids will put their activity as their top priority when getting their education should be. Students, and the school staff should be more productive with students education. Activities are not a bad idea but forcing kids to join a extracurricular course is not right because that is not what school is about.