The article of "Driverless Cars Are Coming" gives some positive and negative situations on the driverless cars. In my opionion I would be most certainly against the driverless car. The driverless cars maybe a new cool car but there's just a lot of bad things that can come out wrong with these new kind of cars. The driverless cars are not the most important car to invent in my opinion. A lot of safety is at risks with thesekind of cars. The sensors with these cars are very imporatnt and what if they all broke? The cars would be useless. If a car isn't safe by law it can not be used and the driverless cars have no safety concepts about them at all.

For instant saftey. The sensors , are the most important object in the car especially the roof sensor. What if the roof top sensor completly just stop working, there would be nothing anyone could do. If any of the senors went out on iany driverless cars the owner couldn't even use his/her car. The driverless cars could also shout down at anytime out of nowhere and there would be nothing to do for it. These driveless cars can also take off on there own when the driver isn't even ready to start to take off and go. Companies are just making these cars becuase they think that they are cool and that some peolpe out in the world are thinking that there cool too. They also know that they can get lot's of big money of these driverless cars. Driverless cars should not go pass the law where it says that "traffic laws are written with assumption that only safe cars has a human driver in control at all times." Driverless cars are not safe at all and a human diver isn't in control of the car, the car is doing it all on its on. "If the technology fails and someone is uinjuried, who is at fault ... the driver or the manufacturer?"

Automakers swear that they are "continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved." But when really will all of these problems with the driverless cars will be all the way solved? The driverless cars are at risk. Even the own automarkers do not know what all the driverless cars are capble of.

Manufactors just want too bring "entertainment" to the people. When all fails with the driverless cars states and compines are going to start to get sued from these cars. Then these manufactors and automakers want think that the driverless cars are all that cool anymore.

Driverless cars are very expenice. Are these companies going to keep the driverless cars coming if there wasn't any money made of them? Know one is even for sure that anyone evens wants a driverless car. Most people that are drivers say that they like the control of driving that there the power of the car. To have a car doing just about everything in the car wouldn't that kind of be a little scary don't you think? Dangerous situations can happen from the driverless cars. They may think they have gotten everything figured but no one truly will.

I'm really against the driverless cars because I just believe that something is just going to go wrong with the car. With all the sensors having to be used. "The combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel?" What's it's purpose? Humans have the reason to drive and learn on how to drive so, what's the point to take it away? Driverless cars are just something else in this world people are trying to make up for the "furture" and to get BIG money off of people. Against driverless cars is the smarter way to go these cars have the control and with all the control of a car you'll never know what's it about to do. Car accindentscould possible go up from the driverless cars. Theirs already to many people dying in this world there doesn't need to be anymore from the driverless cars. 