Did you know that it is now mandatory to join an extracurricular? We already have so much to do in the little time we have after school, now we have to spend more time on a extracurricular. Students should not be forced to join an extracurricular because most students are to busy and dont have the time, others may not like the extracurriculars offered at the school,or may not be able to join because they dont want to stay in the school environment for longer than they have to.

Lots of students will not have the time to join an extracurricular and may have to quit other activities. Older students may have jobs to go to and then spend the rest of their time studying for school. Studying for school alone already takes up so much time for a successful students day. If they have to join an extracurricular than they will be under too much stress since the lack of free time and will have an even tighter schedule. A study at Harvard shown that 76% of students are under so much stress and 34% will develop negative effects such as depression, anxiety, or tiredness and it will effect their grade. Other students that have more time on their hands, most likely already are in clubs outside of school that involve the community, such as Girl/Boy Scouts, religious groups, environment groups, or private sports teams. If students will forced into extracurricular groups there is a chance that they will have to quit one of their activities to make time for the extracurricular activity.

If the students will forced into extracurricular groups there will be students that dont find any activity fun or amusing. The students were a part of outside school groups but had to quit because of time management, will probably not find interest in groups the school has to offer because they were not like other groups. Some students will probably find these groups a waste of time. Students at other schools will be able to join more outside school clubs specifically for them, while students here will be forced to join some club they will not find interesting and probably useless. Yes, there will be students that do not mind this new rule, but others will not get the same fun experience, instead they may end up disliking the principle and school.

Some students may not want to join an extracurricular because they dont want to be in the school environment than longer than they have to. More introverted students would not want to join an extracurricular because they are tried and want to go back home were they can spend their time freely and independently. It would be good to have lots of student participation and school spirit, however it should be at will and not something mandatory of students to do if they dont feel comfortable. Eventually students will find it very irritating that they have to be in extracurricular and will try to find an excuse or way to quit. Forcing students to join an extracurricular will not give out a positive effect on the school and its reputation. Its better to have student that feel passionate about an extracurricular than students that dont want to be there and just want the school day to end.

Students should not be forced to join extracurricular because they will not get a positive school experience from it. Joining an extracurricular will get more school spirit and students may learn new thing, however it should not be mandatory and nobody will get anything positive from force. We must tell our principle that this new rule is outrageous and should be changed, instead have more school assemblies or let students speak their mind at school more. If the school just pushes ans pushes this new pressure on us it will end with students feeling more stressed, more irritated at the school, and feel like they are more trapped. I do not agree with this decision and as a student I can tell that this will not have a positive effect on me or my peers.