With the rise of technology, online education has become a viable option for many.

Some may wonder what the point of having school on the interweb is if there is already a physical school building that students can attend.

Others may see it as an opportunity to advance students' learning.

It is integral to understand that during natural occurences, in the cause of mental health problems, and because of different learning styles in pupils, students would greatly benefit from being able to get their education online.

With a distance learning option at schools, students would still be able to continue their education online if there were to be a snow day or natural disaster where students could not attend their physical school.

Although every child screams in delight at the news of having school cancelled, snow days are notoriously known to be a parent's worst nightmare.

Not only do parents have to stress about who is going to take care of their children for the day, but they also have to worry about the effects of the cancellation on their children's education.

When I was in middle school, we had an entire snow week.

Frazzled parents, joyful students, and overbooked babysitters were all sprawled around the town in a frenzy.

If we had an online school system put in place, parents would have had more peace of mind knowing that at least their children were still learning in the middle of the blizzard.

Although students might cringe at the thought of school work hampering their care-free day off, they would be more alarmed if they had to take summer school as a result of missing so many school days.

Overall, having an education option online is a great tool to help both parents and students during natural events.

Mental health awarness has become increasingly prevalent throughout the world, especially with the development of social media platforms.

Some schools are even letting students have a couple of "Mental Health Days," where pupils can skip school for a day if they are feeling overwhelmed or depressed.

Studies have shown that teenagers are more mentally stable if they are able to take a break from school once in a while.

However, many parents are not willing to let their children stay at home when they are stressed or have anxiety because parents never had "Mental Health Days" when they were growing up.

If schools had educational plans on the interweb, parents would be a lot more willing to let their children stay at home for a day.

My friend, Generic_Name, took a day off of high school because her anxiety was rising as the dreadful junior year workload was piling up.

She was still able to get her work done because her teachers uploaded the assignments on an online database, and she enjoyed taking a break from going to school. This also prevented Generic_Name from the stress of coming back with lots of makeup work.

An online education system would both help the student who is feeling down to take a pause from the stressful school atmosphere and give parents confidence that their children would still be able to learn, in the comfort of their home.

A typical school day is around seven hours.

However, many students feel as if they need more or less time to do the amount of work and learning administered by their teachers.

The United States, a country focused on progress, must work to make other types of learning available to accomodate for more types of students.

With a distance learning program, pupils would be able to be educated at their own pace.

Some people might even work better at home, since it is a familiar environment.

This happened to be true for my long-time neighbor and friend, Generic_Name.

This past academic year, Generic_Name started school online instead of going to the physical high-school.

When I asked him how he liked it, he replied with gleaming eyes that he absolutely loved it.

He understood concepts better, had better self-discipline, could focus more without the distractions of reckless teenagers, and even had the best grades he has ever had.

Evidently, an online school program was what Generic_Name needed to live up to his full potential as a student. Is this not what all parents want for their children?

Having a distance learning program may be a controversial topic, but it should not be.

The facts are plain and simple.

With online school, students would be able to work through any natural disaster.

Parents would be satisfied knowing that their children would be getting the education that they need, no matter the circumstance.

Those looking to increase their mental health could also do so without stressing about missing a lot of information at school.

Moreover, students could work at their own pace and reach new levels of academic achievement if they had the opportunity to learn from home.

All in all, an online school system is a great program that would greatly benefit not only students, but parents as well.