With societies advancements in technology, we have made it possible for students to take courses online from anywhere. Although some question whether this is very beneficial to have these online classes. These online classes allow the student to learn more one one one and it lets the teacher better focus on their struggles. Not only does online school benefit regular students but, it also helps to teach student who are bedridden in hospitals to learn while they are recovering.

Teachers are able to teach the student more directly while also having the ability to adjust to what the student needs in order to further benefit. The majority of the time in a classroom with about thirty students it is difficult to help with all the individual needs of a student when there is only one teacher to assist them. Along with how some students who are too nervous to ask questions about what they are confused about. Online classes allows the teacher to work with a smaller group or with one person and be more focus on an individual. Many parents though are concerned that with online classes their child will have more of a tendency to slack off with school work. This is not the case however, since all of their work is online they would not have much of an excuse to not have the assignment incomplete. Assessments will be monitored through sharing their computer screen and having access to their web cam.

There are many children in hospitals who spend a lot of time in the hospital and are not able to attend school but with online school it can benefit them for the long run. My cousin has spent most of his life in the hospital without the ability to go to school since part of his body had been paralyzed. My aunt had put him in online classes so when he was able to get out the hospital he had a chance to earn a living for himself. The online session with his teacher helped him become educated but also it let him be able to rehabilitate at the hospital since the sessions were based on his time. He would have a video sessions where the teacher would show him how to do things. This later on in life made him able to become the engineer that he is today. Not only does this help the student but it keeps the teacher safe if the student has an illness that is highly contagious.

The internet reaches the vast majority of the world allowing anyone to learn via the computer. It helps those that cannot be home schooled to have access to someone who is able to help them along through their learning progress. From people who are ill to those that require a more direct approach online learning benefits many. On a worldwide view, it helps to educate anyone despite their any difficulties. 