"Come on, a C?" Many students at my school are active in sports and now some of them will be cut because they do not have a B average. The principal is considering changing the standards and expectations for the sports participants. I don't think the principal should because a C is a passing grade, being athletic doesn't mean being smart and that is more stress on students that is not wanted. You shouldn't change school policy so that students may not participate in sports or other activities unless they have at least a grade B average.

To kick things off, why should you change the policy if a C is a passing grade? Whenever report cards come out and some students average a C in a class , they're still passing so there is no big deal about a C. A C may not be good but its not bad either. Having a C is like having a cake with no icing; not too much and not too little. Even the National Assessment of Education Progress(NAEP) says that kids who average a C in school or in any class will most likely be successful in their future. Once, even I had a C in a class and I still passed it. That is just one reason why you should not change the policy to having to average a B to participate in sports or any other after school activities.

Second, just because you are athletic, doesn't mean you are smart. You want people to have a B and I agree that a B is a great grade. But what about the students who aren't great in subjects? What about the ones who are just good? You cant expect them to get a good grade because they are struggling. Being athletic has nothing to do with being smart. Some athletes today are not good in school and they are very popular and famous. And its not just sports, its all the activities. Like band and yearbook club. Some kids may know how to play the trombone or the baritone but cannot pass English class. Some kids may be prodigy photographers and cannot pass Language Arts class. So just because your athletic, doesn't mean you are smart, which is the second reason why you should change your mind about the B average situation.

Moreover, it is not easy to get a B as average and trying to get a B will put major stress on most students. More stress on students can cause high blood pressure and headaches and many more medical problems according to St. Mary's Medical Hospital in

Riviera Beach. Putting stress on students may cause them to take part in violence because of anger and stress. Being under stress causes teens and children to be easily influenced under peer pressure. Also, if you stress them to make a better grade than they believe is out of the