When doing projects over the summer usually teachers or the school districts come up with ideas for how the project should be done. But what if students came up with these projects? Think about how much easier and less complicated they would be. More time to work,less complicated and more easier, and learning a fun way to do it. Students designing these project could make a change and benefit to students all over the world.

Students designing other students these projects would make it much more fun for other students. Other students know how teachers design work which isn't the way they would. Students would make it fun just because of the school year and all the learning you did then. Students communicate on different levels and this is what is going to make it easier for the students to learn. Students are also less detailed than teachers. For example if a student were to design a what, where, who, why, and how questions on a project it would be exactly that, but teachers on the other hand would ask for summarys and larger paragraphs. This way is less complicated, and straight foward instead of heading off in every other direction. With students it's only one direction. These projects would also be less boring because students tend to think like other students and these student that are designing these projects knowing for a fact it's summer time and it's time to have fun instead of being stressed and worried about turning it in on time.

Speaking of time, students always tend to do things at the last mintute, or teachers give them a short period of time to do the work and turn it in. Students wouldn't do that. They would give you the good amount of time to do these projects. Like what was said before, its the summer, and in the summer people travel or people visit other people and this can cause distractions. Students can still give you more time to finish what needs to get done. Therefore, if a teacher were to design this project it would be long and difficult and due within two weeks. Nothing like how students would grant you like a month or two to turn it in knowing that it is the summer. This also means students might also be more distracted unfortunately.

By having students designing the projects they might not learn as much as they need to. This is why teachers do all the designing. Teachers make it harder and longer for students becuase doing it short and simple is too easy and you are not learning anything that way. They also make the deadline shorter because they know students will get it done. If the time is too long the students will most likely end up forgetting about it. Teachers also detail their projects more because the want students to know more than the basics of what they are trying to teach. This will educate the student more, that way when summer is over and the next school year comes around students have it freshly stuck in their heads and will not struggle as much.

Students designing these projects would be a great idea and should be started really soon this will definently benefit other kids in the future. By doing this it will make everything less complicated. This would help out both teachers and students. Because of this schools or teachers mights just change they way teachers teach and the way studentss learn. More time, less complicated, and more fun will helps in a way it didn't before.