In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author believes that studying Venus is worth the unknown dangers that could be present. However, for scientists to actually understand and learn more about the planet, it is important that somebody willfully agrees to take the expedition.

In paragraph 3, the author speaks about the many difficulties a spacecraft must endure in order to reach the planet. He says, "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus.". He also states that, "On the planet’s surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." These conditions are much more extreme than anything humans would experience on Earth. The author even talks about how a submarine that dives the deepest depths of the sea, would be crushed by the enviroment.

Although Venus is home to some of the most severly dangerous conditions, still, the planet has some traits in common with Earth. The planet has similar features such as; valleys, mountains, craters, and a rocky sediment surface. Knowing that Venus has such familiar characteristics, makes the idea of traveling there much more possible. NASA has ideas to make the journey scientifically productive, yet safe. In paragraph 5, the author says, "NASA’s possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape.". This allows scientists to get a good look at what is happening on the planet without having to endure the harsh conditions at the surface.

While this seems like a good loop hole to the dangerous climate, scientists would only be able to observe limited findings. They found that classic videography and photography from such a great distance would not do the planet's true form justice; nor would the explorers be able to take rock samples, gas, or anything else from this distance. For this reason, NASA is working on new ideas to get even closer while still keeping safe. In the 6th paragraph, the author states that, "Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus.".

Despite the dangers this type of expedition is capable of, Scientists should not be held back. It is important that explorers successfully make a pruductive voyage. As the author says in paragraph 8, "human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." Society should never give up because a situation seems impossible. In life, if there is an opportunity to help expand the minds of mankind, it should be done no matter the risks involved.