Texting While Driving

Texting while driving is not good. Some people text their friends while driving and some people text for work on the road. Other people text while driving to save time.

More people have phones now and they are using them constantly. That means that texting while driving has also increased. Texting while driving should be against the law because it is causing more injuries and deaths than before cell phones were invented.

Texting while driving is dangerous. Texting while driving is one of the main causes of traffic accidents on the road. Studies have shown that cell phone texting is the cause of 1.6 million crashes every year, with 330,000 people injured in them ( tellrobert). There are probably thousands more accidents that are not reported because many drivers hide this information from the police. Injuries are not the only problem. Many people are dying because of texting while driving too. One study found that in 2016, 3,450 deaths were a result of texting while driving and is the leading preventable cause of death among teenagers now (Christopher ). The number of injuries and deaths alone is enough reason texting while driving should be against the law.

Surprisingly, there are still people out there texting and driving. These people believe that they are responsible enough to avoid wrecks and crashes (debate). Others think that since they are Americans they should be able to have the freedom to choose (debate). They think that they are above the rules . It is unfortunate that these people still text and drive when the consequences are so high.

Texting while driving has proven to be dangerous for everyone. The people who do it think they are bigger and better than other people. But why should their rights be more important than the rights of other people on the road? Shouldn't the other people on the road have the right to be protected, too? Is a text more important than a life?

Work Cited

Christopher. "3 Reasons You Shouldn't Use Your Cell Phone While Driving.'' www. whiplashstlouis. com/author/chris/

Cornell, Scott. "What Are the Dangers of Using Cell Phones While Driving?'' www. itstillworks. com/dangers-using-cell-phones-driving-1253. html

"Should people be able to talk on their cell phone while they are driving?'' www. debate. org/opinions/should-people-be-able-to-talk-on-their-cell-phone-whil-they-are-dri ving

"The dangers of cell phone use while driving.'' www. tellrobert. com/the-dangers-of-cell-phone-use-while-driving/               