"A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus with even more challenging clouds that are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere". Venus is very dangerous for humans to step foot on and could not have spacecrafts to last more than a few hours due to the temperatures and atmospheric pressure. In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author implies that exploring Venus is worth the risk by explaining the dangers and the motivation of human curiosity.

To understand Venus clearly, NASA wants to explore Venus on their own. They can either consider the exploration as a risk, or the exploration can be thought out as a challenge that people are willing to take despite the dangers. "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet". Humans cannot undergo, let alone survive stepping foot on Venus with these extreme conditions. Earth's "twin" planet also has "the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system". Although there are many dangers to explore Venus, astronomers are fascinated by the idea that Venus has been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system.

Human curiosity has motivated NASA to send other humans to study Venus. One way of doing so is by "allowing scientists to float above the fray". Floating above the fray would allow humans to avoid the harsh ground conditions. Miles away from the surface will still be "170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth". These conditions will not be easy, but will be survivable for humans. To contribute to the knowledge of Venus, researchers are are working on different task that will allow the machines to last long enough on Venus.

In conclusion, Venus presents a great amount of reasons that can be dangerous for humans to explore. Since Venus is the most Earth-like planet in our solar system, Venus was probably covered with large oceans and could have supported many forms of life. Predictions like these cause people to want to meet the very end of imagination and innovation to finally see the true value of Venus to make the exploration a worthy pursuit.               