Offering distance learning with online classes is a terrible idea and is not beneficial to students in anyway. Not only does it take away the chance for a student to physically communicate properly; it also is completely unfair to less fortunate students who dont have technological resources and it irradiates the opportunity for students to physically ask questions and comprehend the material. Overall, online teaching will have a negative impact on students and should not be implemented into our school system.

Students learn how to communicate with others through their years in the school system. That opportunity can easily be taken away with the help of online teaching. For example, if one were to compare two completely different lifestyles, one where the person interacts with people physically and one where the person only interacts virtually, one could notice that their social interactions will differentiate drastically. The person who is not use to interacting with other people will be more awkward and shy; they will most likely be classified as socially awkward. Meanwhile, the person who physically interacts with people will blossom in an environment where they have to constantly talk to others and will be seen as a social butterfly. This example shows that human interaction is a nessisity and without it humans would not be able to properly communicate meaning that physical school is also a nessisity.

Making school virtual is a horrible plan, especially regarding less fortunate students. For instance, one could imagine that a child and their parents were apart of the lower class. The child lives in section 8 housing and can not afford new clothes. He is malnurished and always hungry. The only chance that this child has in being successful and helping out his family is school. If this child does well in school and gets a scholarship, then he will be given the opportunity to get the proper training to get a great job that pays well and he will be able to help his family out. If the school system required all students to use technology in order to get access to classes, then that child would have lost all hope in being successful because his parents would not be able to afford any technology that could access the online courses. Therefore, making school virtual provides an inequitable environment for students who can not afford technology.

Online school can be a frustrating thing for some students because some words and phrases can be interpreted differently if the tone of voice is unavailable. It will also be difficult for students to clarify their confusion to their instructor without physical communication. In theory, one student could have a question about one of the assignments and decides to email the teacher about it. Then the teacher responds with, "I'm not going to help you; figure it out yourself," in a sarcastic tone. Depending on the student's mood and the student's familiarity with the teacher, the student could read the phrase in a disrespectful manner and could potentially be highly offended. Then one could imagine that the student, who just wanted to clear up a misconception with her assignment, is now discouraged and will never truly understand that the teacher was joking. The whole situation could have been avoided if the student and the instructor were both physically interacting with each other. Thus making online school a negative system for students.

Some could argue that being out of school gives student more time to do other activities like chores and family socials, but this statement is completely false. The reasoning behind why the statement is false is that whether or not one were to be in school or out of school does not effect the length of each class, nor does it shorten the amount of material that must be learned in a certain subject. So if it normally takes an hour and a half to learn history in a physical school building, then it would still take an hour and a half to learn history whilst taking the course online. So overall, turning our school system into a virtual school is a horrid idea because of the lack of communication, unequal resources, and because of how easy it is for things to be misconstrued.