Can a facial action code system accurately detects human emotions? Making Mona Lisa Smile is written by Nick D'Alto,and it points out the fact how computers can tell how emotions by calculation. A technology known as the facial action coding system enables computers to indentify human emotions. Some of the advantages of the computers is that it can observe, calculate and identify the human muscles.

One way the computers can identify how emotions is by observing the 44 major muscles bone in human. Creating a 3-D model of the face the computers has been able to observe this muscles and where they are located in the body and their movement, in paragraph one the text states that "

the process begins when the computers constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. without observation of this mucles movement in the body the computer wouldn't be able to indentify the muscles that actually produce this emotions. Therefore they also need to calculate like humans.

in anothert different way the computers have been able to calculate this bones that makes this emotions in the body through the producers. The producers observes the way human tell emotions by calculation, on paragraph five the text states that " in fact we humans perform this same impressive "calculation" everyday. for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling by simply looking on her face. Calculation is one important thing the computers need to do for better result without them calculating like humans they would probably give us wrong result, and they can do this by observation of the bones shape. whereby can tell emotions.

Way other way computers would provide specific answer like angry, happy... is by knowing the parts of the body to identify the positions of the bone. Emotions as we know can be told by looking at the face at an individual face, on paragraph 7 it says "while looking at the mirror: raise your lips at the cornersof your mouth, then squint your eyes slightly, to produce wrinkling ("cow's-feet) at the corner of your eyes, holding that, raise the outer parts of your cheeks up. toward your eyes" basically the computer has to identify parts of your body to detects the bones which can produce excellent result.

In conclusion, we can now see that computers can actually detect exactly and maybe more accurately than human's. struggling everyday to find out if he or she has actually forgiving you about yesterday would be more easy than ever. Through calculation and observation we see the ability and capacity of how this technology can make our life easier, teacher wouldn't have to confirm if students understand the topic if they act like they do.                        