COMMUNITY SERVICE

Dear Principal,

I think all students should perform community service because no one wants to live in a place where there is trash everywhere. I think people should do community service because they are part of the problem and not the solution. I say that because teenagers are the ones that are throwing trash anywhere and not care what the world look like. Lets say i was in the car with my mom and i just finished eating a candy bar. What do i do? I throw it out the window. That right there was pollution to our world. I'm not saying i do that it was just an example of what kids do today. I also not saying that adults don't do it because some of them do just what us teenagers do. Our world is dying because of all this pollution. If people just clean up the trash outside like they clean they house, or they stop throwing trash on the ground our world wouldn't be so polluted. So kids are clean up outside, but when they come back what do they see? They see more paper, candy bag. tissue. shoes, and etc. outside. That's why a lot of people don't like to clean up because when they leave and come back they see a lot of things back on the ground where they just cleaned up at. I think if people start caring more about the world and stop caring about the little things in they like our world wouldn't be so polluted. So i think if people star making a change it would really help. Even if they just pick up a couple pieces of paper. That would help a lot. I think if there was a cleaning group that would also help. I think that, because today a lot of teenagers follow what are people do. Some teenagers don't have their own minds so they follow what someone else do even if it is the wrong thing to do. I think helping the community is very important also because even the littlest things can change someone and the world. I think if us young people just toke the time to just to help the world a lot us young people wouldn't be died, on the streets, or killing each other. We would be in school learning and helping the community. Like working at soup kitchens, helping an old person across the street, or even just clean up the park. A lot of people don't do these things because when they tell their friends about it and tell them they should come. The friends tell them that is a stupid idea and why should they do that when they can go the movies or something. That stop a lot of kids from doing what they wanted because they listen to what they friends think and don't want to get laughed at. That is why i think people need to stop listening to what they friends have to say and do what they wanted to do in the first place. That is why i think kids should do community service.

From: STUDENT_NAME

To: The Principal