Dear Principle,

I, for one, find that community service is something we should really look into. Just think how much it could help the world! So what if a few people don't want to do it because they're to lazy, big whoop! At most some of us care for the community and would rather take an hour or two to clean it up instead of lounging around the house.

So four or five people are lazy and refused to help us out, like that's such a big deal. We still have hundreds of other people who would much rather want to get out, help the world, and be noticed instead of laying back on a couch and staring at a dull T.V. all day.

It's obvious the world is being driven into turmoil by how everyone pollutes the earth! Just think how ashamed I am of my own dad! For the record, not my step-dad RELATIVE_NAME..My real dad, he can't go one day without littering and it, personally, makes me sick. We'll be driving down the road and he'll just throw something out. So I'll sit there and stare at him like he's crazy with my arms crossed before snapping, "Are you out of your mind? An animal or something could choke or try to eat that!".. All he does is slump his shoulders and ignore me. He doesn't find it as a big deal.

You can probably guess that I wasn't the happiest in the world with him. He knows I hate when he does that so I don't see why he continues with it! Besides there are plenty more people out there just like him looking to do the same thing. Now just think about factories, they pump up so much smoke into the air that anything flying in it wont be able to see or could better yet suffocate from the fumes! Give it an chance and make something happen. Don't just dismiss such an opportunity because a few kids decided that they were to lazy to do something about it! See, they even admitted it and you're actually thinking about putting this down?

The elementary kids, along with a few older people, decide that they want to help out the world and do you know what? That's great! Amazing even! Much better then how our Eighth graders and up think and act today! Would you believe how horrible they act now adays? It's, honestly, disgusting. Let the little kids have their chance to help save the world, it's obvious their parents would appreciate it as would we. The world needs more active kids and starting with the ones who are just starting out is one of the best things to do! So lay off and give us a chance, don't waste this good idea because a few older kids decided they were to lazy to do such a thing, make it happen. Do something for the world!

It would be best, as I mentioned, the start with the kids who are just beginning to recognize the beauty and happiness in life; Don't ruin their thoughts of helping the world because you and other people are to lazy to even think twice for doing such a thing. Don't follow the older kids examples and lounge on the couch all day. Do something! Help the world, help anyone for that matter, or anything for the most part. Just don't sit there like a bump on a log and be the drawl and boring person most people are today.