Why is asking people for their opinions a good thing and how does it sometimes help you make better choices?

Well because sometimes asking people for their opinions is a good thing because you can see who's good for you and who's bad for you,but you can also hear from different opinions. Each person thinks differently and they each have different advice. Some people might think good things are bad and bad things are good. Also sometimes you have friends that try to make you choose the bad choice and some make you choose the right choice. Some people give you good advice and some don't. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because each person gives you different advice, you can see who's good and who's bad, and we each have different opinions.

One reason why seeking different opinions from different people is because when you ask people for their opinion and right away when they give you their opinion you can tell if their bad or good. By the advice that people give you,you can tell if their their giving you good advice or bad advice . I know we all have friends that are good and some that are bad. But your good friends don't always give you good advice. If you ask someone for their opinion and they tell you to do something wrong/bad,then that probably means that their bad and by bad I mean like they don't make the right choice or they make bad decisions.

A second reason why seeking different opinions from different people is because each person gives you different advice. You can go ask someone for their advice and then go ask someone else and they won't say the same thing. For example you can ask your friend what shirt they like better if they like the pink one or the blue one and she says the pink one, but then, you go ask your other friend and she says she likes the blue one. That's what I mean by giving you different advice/ opinion on which one they like better or which one would look good on you. Also asking different people for advice can lead you to making the right choices or making bad decisions.

One last reason why seeking different opinions from different people is because we each have different opinions. Let's say your friends want you to do something bad with them and you don't know if you should do it or not. You go ask your mom and she tells you that in her opinion you shouldn't do it because thats not the right choice,but then, you go ask one of your friends and they tell you that you should go join. That's giving different opinions because your mom's opinion is different from your friends. Everyone's opinion sometimes helps you on what to do or what choices to make.

These three reasons explain how seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices. Each person gives you different advice, we all have different opinions, and you can see who's good and who's bad. This is why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices.       