Phones & Driving

They're car accidents everyday do to the several of reason. Cellular devices while driving is one of the biggest ways people today get in car accidents. In some states there's laws out saying you can't be on your phone while driving. I do believe that the law should be in place everywhere in the United states Because I witnessed myself people almost crashing because on their phones. Being on your phone while driving can create you to crash or to run a red light or stop sign because of not paying attention.

While on your phone and driving can create a car accident because you're not focused on the road. Car accident can cause server injuries and sometimes death, so if you want to prevent these accidents from happening you should try to focus on the road and stay off your phone while driving.

I think if you're going to be on your phone you need to be at a stopping point like at a red light or parked somewhere. The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving. So if people stop phone usage while in an operating vehicle the death and injury rate would go down tremendously.

Once when I was 12 years old I experience my first car accident.

I was in the car with my cousin and we were headed to my grandmother's house for a cook out. We were all joking around in the car while playing loud music. I forgot to mention that my youngest siblings were also in the car with me. My big cousin started texting her friends while she was driving not paying attention to the road that much only looking up every once in a while and like 5 minutes later she was approaching a red light not noticing she didn't slow the car down. Next thing you know we bump into the car in front of us and creating an accident. That's the reason why I don't agree with allowing to have a phone while being in a car driving especially with other people in the car that could cause an injury and possibly death.

When you have a phone in a car with you you're able to call of an emergency. If there's someone in the car with you you can tell them what you want them to say on the text message or in a call so you don't have to get distracted while driving. Some cars are actually able to hook their phone up to their car so they can answer the phone while driving and still be cautious on the road. Most people believe since they been driving and texting for so long that the possibilities of them getting in a car accidents low.

Being on your phone while driving is dangerous and it should be restricted in all states. It causes numerous of car accidents which comes with numerous of death and injuries. It safer to have your phone programed in your car so you won't be distracted. If you have to text someone then try getting to a stopping point so you'll not take any risk of getting in a car accident.   