The electoral college is how america chooses its president. The electoral college should not be how you think voting works but the complete opposite. It is a process that consist of electors who count the electoral votes. When a citizen votes their vote does not go directly as a vote for the president but it goes for the electoral college in your state. If that state has more votes for one candidate than the other then that state votes for that for that candidate as a whole. If the person I vote for doesn't get the vote for my state then that defeats the purpose of me voting. The electoral college takes away my say in choosing a president, the fairness, and it might have been put in the Constitution by the founding fathers but it is outdated.

The first reason why the electoral college shouldn't be used is because it takes away voters say in the decision for the president. If I vote for someone and the state doesnt pick him, that would mean my vote didn't count. That means i would now mean no one would even care about my vote. My vote wont even help make it a closer race. It's like my vote just vanishes into the air and is never seen again. If there are millions in the country and only 538 votes count. This is unrational to voters.

The second reason why the electoral college shouldnt be used is because it isnt fair. It is especially unfair because of the winner take all system in each state. Candidates don't even waste time going to states they know they cant win but only focus on swing states, which for one takes away the priviledge for the others that want to vote for the candidate to see them. It also takes away from the smaller states who don't get to put out as many votes as California with 55 or Florida with 29. Alot of states only have three votes and even though it could win or lose a races it still isn't fair to the people.

The electoral college was put into the Constitution by the founding fathers but they are not always right. The Constitution says all men are created equal but we still have had slavery. The Constitution has given us freedom of speech but once we step on school property that rule is taken away. The Constitution is not always the right way to go for everything. The founding fathers were very smart men but they have to think of how the country feels now because they were alive a long time ago.

In, conclusion the electoral college should just be put out of work because it is not the best way to elect a candidate, it takes away my say in the decision,the fairness, it was made by the great founding fathers but is outdated by how the counrty is now. Everyones vote should be out into play with the elections.    