To be fair,both the electoral college and a popular vote are good ways to decide an election. Although,a popular vote may have more pitfalls than the latter. The electoral college is definitely the best way to pick a candidate without much confusion. The electoral college may have some down falls too but the benefits out weigh them.

A popular vote also has some benefits. In Richard A. Posner's passage

In Defence of the Electoral College he states,"The electoral college is not a democratic method it is the electors who elect the president not the people"(source 3 p15). If this was our voting method the people would be choosing the president, not the electors. Plus the people dont even know the electors their voting for. In the passage

The Indefensible Electoral College author Bradford Plumer states,"The state picks the electors [and the voters dont even get to pick who the electors vote for]" (source 2 p 10). Basically the people have no control over who they elect.

Indeed there maybe limited control for the people over voting for their canidate;but the electors usually pick whoever the people voted for. The electoral college also is a easier way to decide who wins the election. Theres almost no way there can be a tie in an elctoral vote. Richard A.Posner states,"The winning canidates share of the electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the poplular vote"."[Even if the popular vote winner wins by a little he wins all the electoral votes]"(source 3 p 15).Which means there is no confusion as to who wins.

Not only is the electoral college more organized; but it makes the president have to appeal to many regions of people. Richard A. Posner states,"[Not one region has enough votes to win an election so the president has to be liked by other regions as well]"(source 3 p 19).This means that at least half the country must like the candidate for him to win. Swing states are also important in the electoral college. These states are the ones that really care and study who will be the best president. Another statement from Richard A.Posner states,"[People in swing states decide the election and] are the most thoughtful voters"(source 3 p 20).So the candidate must be trying to make sure they please the people.

The people may like a popular vote the best,but the most organized and beneficial way to elect canidates is through electoral college. The electoral college not helps with organizing it helps people know the candidate. They know the candidate because the candidate must go to each region and get to know the people.    