Cars fading into the past!

Transportation is the one thing many have all depended on since they can remember. The major transportation system many use more than others is cars. What would happen if people failed to use these cars, and whent with a more alternative way to go from point A to point B. Some people from Germany, France, Colombia, and even here in america are transitioning to this "alternative trasportation" age.

Europe the land of open skys, great land, and smog. As seen in source 2: "paris bans driving due to smog" " On Monday motorists with even-numberd license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31)..." even though 4,000 drivers where fined that day, congestion was down around 60 percent in the general capital area of france. Smog " formed by vehicle emissions (mainly from Diesel Fuel) gets traped under a warmer layer of air due to cold nights and warm to hot days. paris itself generally has more smog than most european citys."Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter(PM) per cubic meter..." The smog was erradicated so much that the ruling french party decided to do the same for odd-numberd cars the next day. In Source3 : " car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota"  The "car-free day" idea  spreaded to places like Bogota, Colombia and other bib places that even smaller cities joined in. " In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated, of took buses to work during a car-free day..." even in the rain people still participated.

Source 4: "The end of car culture" says " That has left researchers pondering a fundamental question: Has america passed peak driving?" even though america is known for muscle cars, trucks , and even the Model T, most americans bettween the general ages of 16 years to 30 years first priority is not having a licence or a vehicle of their own. And this trend of getting a ride or walking is accelerating surprizingly quick."MIne (19 and 21) have not bothered to get a driver's license, even though they both live in places where it could come in handy. " A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009..." even this act of alternative transportation in a country thats the most developed, rich, and drivable people still dont drive.

driving is becoming obsolite, literally, and people are sharing the idea that the world might be cleaner, people might be more happy and, the need and fix to drive somewhere is not preasent any more in todays modern society. so in the end cars are faded into the past , and happyness into the future.                                      