The summer time is a time of relaxation and enjoyment for school students. Projects take up free time and when the teacher makes a project the students feel forced to complete it. When a students gets to choose the project at hand they will feel less forced, less stressed, and less like the school takes up the summer. Teachers should not choose the project for the summer.

Deciding what a student has to do a project on makes them feel forced. A student feels that there is nothing they can do until the project is completed. When the students get to pick a project there is a feeling of freedom. The choice is not forced; therefore, students feel more at ease with the project. Not only does the project feel forced, a chosen project can put extra stress on a student.

Students may already feel stressed in school, so why add onto the stress over the summer? A teacher chosen project adds stress to a summer that should feel relaxed. A student that picks their own project can lessen the stress from schools. Students do not have to feel that a project is the only thing to do for summer break. Stress can ruin a summer break and also cause the student to possibly not do as well as they would if they could pick their own project. Students may also feel forced to do the project.

Feeling forced to do a project can destroy a summer break. The only thing that students may feel they can do is the project. When teaches pick the project the students feel they have to complete it or they will fail the class. When this happens it takes all the fun from a summer break away. Students parents may also tell them that the project needs to be done before they can do anything. Feeling forced to do anything can make performance very bad.

In conclusion, when a project is required over the summer; the students should get the choice. Choosing the project can make it feel less forced onto the students, lower stress from school, and stop school from taking up the summer. Teachers should not choose the project for students. Students will feel better when the project is their choice. This will make all the students feel better for picking their own project.