Most students across the world usually receive their education in person in an institution with instructors involved. Further, certain areas or schools themselves offer online schooling, where students are able to learn online either through an educational platform or through conference calls with said instructors. Online learning would benefit students as it can be easier for some students to learn, be helpful in certain personal situations, and can provide the education needed in the midst of an emergency within the area.

Online schooling may help students that may find it difficult to learn in a physical school. As the majority of the learning population with a short short attention spans and restless energy, children and adolescents struggle to focus in school. For some, the environment of sitting for long hours listening to lectures and doing worksheets is not suitable for them. And in some cases, the class is moving at a pace the student struggles to meet. Schooling in person does not always help the individual student as it moves according to the curriculum. Online learning would benefit those students who struggle to learn in school as they can learn on their own time, according to their pace, in an environment they are comfortable learning in.

As students grow up into their adolescent stages, they may find personal life struggles, where online learning would be a better option in place of learning in institutions. Students may find themselves in a other personal circumstances that might make it hard for them to return to school again. With mental health being a big issue in today's society, teenagers and even children struggle to find themselves. Some may end up in the psychiatric hospital, still worrying about school and their grades. Or perhaps, students have problems occurring at home. With online learning, students do not have to worry catching up on work and information that they missed as they can stay in pace. Online learning can give students their education despite their personal situation, whereas in person schooling may not do that.

There are multiple crises that happen in the world, and in those emergency situations, online learning would be best in terms of still providing education to students. In a case where a possible pandemic breaks out, many areas will have to be on lock down and quarantine in order to prevent wider spread of a contagious disease. Those areas on lock down will not be able to teach their students, so online learning would be available for such circumstances. Children will still be instructed online while staying safe. Virtual learning online would benefit students by still providing them their education when institutional learning cannot.

There are many certain circumstances that students go through in their life. Whether it affect only the individual student or the mass population, it may hinder their education. However, online learning can provide the education that students need during those situations, benefiting those students who struggle.