Seeking advice when your in need can be extremely beneficial to people as human beings. This is because you are basically helping your problem be solved. But why only get one persons opinion when you can get three or five or even ten peoples opinion. Why settle and believe one person when there are a whole lot more ideas out there. By talking to multiple opinions will help people make a better decisions because they won't have just one persons opinionated answer, they have more options and responses along with different point of views.

Why would having one person opinionated answer be less beneficial then having multiple peoples opinions? This is because the person their talking too could only see one side of the problem. While with multiple opinions it's not likely that you'll get all the same exact answer. The person could also not be having the best of days at the time they ask them for advice, and not put forth their best response. Just because of one persons bad mood the advice you receive could negatively effect them.

By having more options they can pick and choose the decision that best suits them. By having multiple options from other people you'd think all you have to do is choose. Which is also a great option but there is also another option which entails combining options. They might like a part one persons advice but not agree with the other part. But when they hear another opinion and have the same feeling, why settle for one when they can take pieces they like and think is best for them.

Seeing and analyzing all point of views can help people think through their decisions. By seeing all sides and taking into thought all of the possible outcomes can help a whole lot. Not just thinking about them, but also seeing and thinking about everyone who could be effected. Lets say a library is being planned to be put onto an old garden with trees, grass, flowers, and insects. One person is going to be the owner of the library and they want it there because it will be the towns first library and its the perfect spot. But the other person is the owner of the garden and thinks the library should move some where else because life and nature already live there. By taking in all point of views can be more challenging to make a decision, it helps people think through the outcomes before just jumping to a conclusion.

To help people make a better decisions, Talking to multiple people is they way to go so they don't just have one persons opinion, they have more options and responses along with different point of views. To summarize, just having one persons opinion can sometimes negatively effect them based on persons state of being. Pick and choosing opinions to suit you can be helpful but also combining ideas. And by seeing all point of views can help them be more crucial with their choices. Those are reasons why not just asking one person for advice but many people can benefit people as human beings.