Dear Principle,

I sincerely hope you will not have to take such severe actions as to ban cell phones from school no matter what because that truly would not be a good idea. I think you should allow students to bring their phones and permit them to use their phones during free periods and lunch periods as long as they aren't disturbing people in class, which won't happen because you will make students turn their phones off during class and/or take them from them during class and give the phones back after class. This would cause the students to pay attention no matter what, even though the students already do pay attention.

Taking away all phone privileges would be wrong a dangerous very, very dangerous. What would happen if an armed person came into the school and the school's telephone lines were cut? There would be no way to contact the police or anybody to help with the situation. I say this because if students aren't allowed to have phones teacher's shouldn't be able to have phones at school either. That would be unequal rights, a form of segregation, so to speak. Students are not suppose to use phones during school at all and students very rarely break that rule. However, all the time students see their teachers using their phones. That is a bad example because that sends the message to the students that its okay to break the rule and use your phone during school. If you ban phones from students you have to band phones from teachers as well. That brings me back to the beginning of this paragraph. With no phones allowed to students or teachers there would be no way to contact help. That is a very serious problem and that should be more of a concern than whether students can have phones in school or not if they don't use them during class.

Suppose a teacher sees a student with a phone out in class, will happen? The teacher should take the phone away and not give it back until the end of class. No big deal. However you are saying that the teachers don't catch the students using their cell phones during class, well then they should make sure at the beginning of class that there phones are off and that they keep them on their desk so the teacher can see if they are using them or not. Or the teacher could just take everyone's phone at the beginning of class and not have to worry about it. That is a plus because students don't need phones during class anyway. I'm saying that the students don't need phones in class not all together no phones. I am saying this because some students have games on their phones that they can play during open periods or at lunch. That isn't affecting anything or anyone because they have an open period so there is no teacher to annoy by using their phone and they have a ton of time on their hands so they want to make there time fun. The video may have persuaded you the wrong way. Students dont really use there phone that much. Besides most of those examples were during free periods or free time that the student has. That would lead you to believe that the students should be able to use their phones during free time and that cell phones rarely affect the class and or class work.

In the video only one time does it show that a students phone is being used during class. The others are in the hallway, outside, or in a place where their phones won't disturb anyone around them. That is a big positive. Students don't try to annoy teachers they, it just happens that sometimes a random student gets bored and uses their phone but that only happens like once or twice.

In conclusion, I don't think you should ban phones that woul