Some people may say that offering the opportunity of being academically instructed from home is unbeneficial, while others may disagree and state that it's advantageous to the student or learner. With the increasing interconnection between persons and the modernization of society, time has become valuable. Days are often filled with many tasks and responsibilities to accomplish, leaving little to no downtime for a great amount of people. Another key point is traversing from location to location, which can also diminish one's freetime greatly depending on the distance. That's why some academic instituitons, for example, have switched to the virtual environment of the internet. "Online-classes" are offered to students who are not able, or choose not to attend physical lessons. Being able to read, listen, and do work from one's home lowers the amount of priorities and allows for greater flexibility in schedules. However, the cons outweigh the pros, and being able to attend classes from home would not be beneficial to students because it encourages limited physical activity, hinders social development, and leads to unproductivity.

Physical exercise is one of the core practices to maintaining healthy bodily functions and reducing the risk of disease. Not being active and sitting down for long periods of time can be detrimental to one's health; negatively affecting posture, muscles, and more. With recent and current generations being in school now more than ever, the risk of not being physically active enough goes up significantly. Taking classes from home can multiply this danger even further as walking from class to class and carrying books is not required. If an individual taking online virtual courses does not invest freetime to get the needed active hours, they're putting themselves at a greater risk for developing harmful conditions (such as diabetes) than students on campus who stimulate their muscles travelling to different locations, keeping them in shape. Additionally, academic insitutions often offer sports/physical education classes that help an invidual improve or maintain their fitness. Limiting oneself to a home environment can prevent an individual from being physically active, and in turn lead to harmful effects on health.

Humans are a social species; they evolved to cooperate and communicate with each other to ensure survival. The same basic principles apply in today's world, in fact even more. Almost all jobs require individuals to work around other people. Communicating with one's boss effectively, or group members in a project a person is working on, requires valuable conversation skills. When a person takes online lessons rather than attending physical lessons, their social sphere gets constricted. The expansive horizon full of different backgrounds and cultures, typically available at academic institutes, is no longer available to an online learner. They're restrained soley to their home; making it nearly impossible to find friends with similar interests from classes. Like a muscle, empathy, conveying efficiently, and understanding are all strengthened through practice. Limiting social practice decreases these skills, which in turn affects a person's career and even their mental well-being.

A person's home is usually seen as a place of relaxation. Coming home from a long day at school to a comfy bed helps one take a break from all the stressors. The seperation between the busy school day and leasurely home is not so clear to an individual who attends classes from home. Instead of having delayed gratification like people who attend a physical academic instituion (study & work, then freetime at home), home-learners have access to instant gratification, which can be abused. These students have food, entertainment, & other distractions that are constantly present. At any time they can become sidetracked by these items, whether it's because they're bored or want to take a break. Once sidetracked, progress on assignments or other important tasks are halted, causing a drop in productivity. This can cause serious problems such as missing deadline dates and even neglecting to take care of one's personal health (brushing teeth, taking showers, et cetera). On the other hand, at school, the amount of distractions are limited. For example, there are often quiet libraries at academic instituions. This provides an environment where the student can focus and do work instead of losing their attention span and precious time.

While there many benefits to virtual classes if utilized properly, these type of courses often result in a greater amount of negative effects on the individual taking them because they promote poor time-management, limit social skills, and reduce physical fitness. Home locations are typically filled with entertainment systems such as consoles, TVs, and more, which can affect the concentration of the students taking online courses and cause them to take longer on assignments. Furthermore, when taking an online coure, interacting with new people is a difficult task; consequently, this can cause them to miss out on opportunities and isolate themselves from others. Finally, in home learning environments, physical exercise/activity is limited as it doesn't require the individual to move around a lot or utilize muscles. This can cause one's health to affected. Trying to be efficient as possible with one's time can be counterproductive, sometimes it's better to go with the flow and enjoy life as it is.