In the Essay, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" , The author suports the claim that the knowledge and insight that could be gained from exploaring Venus outweighs it's risks, making it a worthy pursuit.

The author of the article admits that with todays current technology, it would be impossible to explore Venus. He lists facts that highlight Venus's inhabitability, such as " No spacecraft has survived on venus for more than a few hours", "The atmosphere is almost 97% carbon dioxide", and "the clouds are of highly corrosive sulfuric acid". The author presents these valid points and continues to list more before identifying any specific reward that outweighs them. No spacecraft has landed on venus in over 30 years, so why should we try again? The author reubtes these facts by indirectly claiming that we should attempt and expedition to venus because it is difficult. By overcoming a great and difficult task, we learn and advance more than by overcoming a simple and easy task.

Let it be noted, The author does not expect anybody flying to venus with shear willpower. He also presents ideas and advancments in reguards to how we might be able to fly to venus. In Paragraph 5, the author presents the idea of a blimp, floating 30 miles above the venusian atmosphere, Could be maintained and be used in the research of Venus. At this altittude, the author lists " temperatures would only be a toasty 170 degrees Fahrenheit" and "Air pressure would be close to sea level on Earth". However, the author does not cover the resources needed to produce a spacecraft of the scale.

Even if the author builds the fact that it is currently impossible to send a manned mission to Venus, The author does inspire interest in the topic. Through the description of several ideas that could be actualize into their desired goal, The author builds reason for belief of his topic.

The author ends his peice with the conclusion of "Our Travels on Earth and beyonds should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and inovation". This ending supports his arguement because it gives the argument that no matter what, knowledge will be gained and expanded from this challenging task. With knowledege being the reward, this makes the authors desire to Explore venus a very worthy persuit with consideration to it's dangers