The Vaule or No Vaule in the Facial Coding System

What is the point in the facial coding system? If you think about it what can it be used for in our daily lives. Or what affect does it have towards us if we use it today. The facial action coding system is a new software thats developed to improve accuaracy in perceiving the emotons of others. Although, it seems that it might have a value, but in reality it does not because three reaosn on why it's not vauleable is because money is being wasted towards an invention that will not be used, if they are trying to hide their emotions what is the point in making it if they do not want to show them for a reson so they should not be forced to use it, and how can you porve it is accurate how would you ever know if that is really how you feel when it shows you because your the only one that knows how you really feel.

First reason on why its not vauleable is because money is going to be wasted toward something that will not be used in future. Instead of using money on things like this sytem and adding more unuseful things on this world.

Maybe we should invest on a invetion that would be an affect in our lives and would benifit us in a postive way. Yeah it may be cool to mess around with a system like this for fun but using the money wisely is better on using it on soemthing that is not uselful. For an example making or putting in moremoeny to help get more supplies to discover more ways in finding a cure for cancer.

A second reason on why its not vauleable is because if someone is trying to hide their emotions its for a reason. Why should soemone be forced to use this sytem when they do not want to express how they feel. Most of the time poeple do not show on how they feel towards things that they do not show no face expessions. But on the other hand if you are in a good mood I would understand on why you would want to try it. But if you are in a situation that is putting you down but not wantng to express it. Then why make it harder on them and make them feel even worse because their emotions are being out there and seen by others when that is what they do not want.

A the third reason on why its not vauleable is because how can you prove it is accurate. How would you ever know if that is really how you feel when it shows you because your the only one that knows how you really feel. Yeah it may take the 44 major muscles in your face and recognize an expression. But is it really accurate? There really is not a percentage of feelings you can have. It is just how you feel. A machine should not be telling you that you feel 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 pecent fearful, and 2 percent angry. You should just be able to determine yourself and express or know how you feel cause they are your own emotions. You do not need the facial coding system to tell you.

What is the point in the facial coding system? The system does not have an affect on us that would be valueable. Although, it seems that it might have a value, but in reality it does not because three reaosn on why it's not vauleable is because money is being wasted towards an invention that will not be used, if they are trying to hide their emotions what is the point in making it if they do not want to show them for a reson so they should not be forced to use it, and how can you porve it is accurate how would you ever know if that is really how you feel when it shows you because your the only one that knows how you really feel. In all conclusion the Facial Coding System is not valueable in any way or has a reason of matter to it.                                 