Generic_Name closes his eyes as the teacher thunders her way towards him. She finally arrives with a hungry smile and cruel eyes and says,"Generic_Name did you do your homework?"."No i did not teacher because I had no time due to the outrageous rule that the principal made that made it mandatory that all students participate in one extracurricular activity." Her eyes gleamed with anticipation as she gave Generic_Name an F and walked off to seek her next victim. The rule that dictates that all students must participate in one extracurricular activity is a mutiny and should be abolished at once because,students can use the extra time for more beneficial uses such as doing their homework or catching up on some sleep,The school cannot teach what sport or club that they are offering better than a facility that specializes in what they are offering, Finally,kids will not develop a skill that they are not interested in and it will not be beneficial to force a kid to go do an activity that will not benefit them.

The first reason why the rule that states that you must participate in an extracurricular activity should be nullified is,that students can use the extra time for more productive purposes such as doing homework or catching up on some sleep. When i was younger I used to participate in writing club and when I would come back home I would be drained. I would have no energy to do anything so the majority of the time my assignments went incomplete and turned into zeros. One day the teachers started noticing the lack of turned in assignments and called my parents for a parent teacher conference. the teachers brought me and my parents to a table wearing serious expressions. The teacher said,"Your son has displayed superior thinking skills but the lack of turned in assignments astounds us." My parents replied by saying,"Our son gets back everyday from writing club extremely tired and does not have the time or energy to do his homework." they came to a conclusion to cancel writing club for me and then I started turning in my homework on time. 44 percent of homework is not completed due to lack of time. If you say that they can do their homework when they get home after the extracurricular activity I would say that kids are not fully developed adults yet and dont have as much energy or stamina and cannot function after long periods of time.

The second reason that the rule that states you must participate in an extracurricular activity should be abolished is,that schools do not specialize in what club or sport that they offer and they will not teach it as well as the facilities that specialize in what they are offering. Its not the schools job to provide extra clubs they can offer clubs but they should not be able to force you to join a club. If a child wants to play a sport or endorse an activity, he can go to an outdoor club or facility that specializes in what the child wants to do. When i was eleven years old,I played on my school soccer team. The coach did not know how to play soccer and I hated it. I never got any better and I almost quit soccer then and there,but I went home one night and told my mom about it. She said,"You should try UCLA Soccer I read about it it's very interesting". I tried it out the very following week it was amazing,I loved it and,I have been playing soccer ever since. If you say that the school clubs can also be good at teaching what they do I would tell you that a school club will never be as good at teaching a sport or activity than an actual facility that specializes at the given sport or activity.

The third and final reason that the rule that states you must participate in an extracurricular activities must be abolished is,that if you force the kids to choose from a limited set of sports and clubs they might not like any of the activities that you are offering and because of that they will never practice what they are being taught and will never get better at what they are being taught. If a person does not like what they are being taught 98 percent of the people will not practice the subject or sport they do not like. If you dont practice what you are being taught you will never get better at what you are practicing and will never succeed at it. My cousin used to play karate and he hated it he would always pass the tests but he would never practice and as a black belt some of the blue belts that practiced were stronger than him. One day his mom asked him"Why arent you as good as some of the other students"? He replied by saying,"I dont enjoy karate like I used to and as a result,I don't practice anymore".

If you say that people at school can like the subject or sport they are being taught I would say that is the reason extracurricular activities should be offered but not forced.

Generic_Name smiles at the teacher as she comes by "Do you have your homework she asks"?"Yes ma am."he replies with a grin. Ever since the rule that made extracurricular activities mandatory got abolished he has had time to finish all of his assignments and still had a little time for relaxation. I disagree with the principal's rule that every student has to participate in an extracurricular activity because students can use the time for more beneficial purposes,The school cannot teach what sport or club that they are offering better than a facility that specializes in what they are offering, Finally,kids will not develop a skill that they are not interested in and it will not be beneficial to force a kid to go do an activity that will not benefit them.