Should or should not drivers be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. Some people strongly feel that under no circumstances should a person be allowed to use their phone, and there are others who feel there is nothing wrong with using your phone in your vehicle if it is used responsibly. I strongly agree that drivers shouldn't be able to use cellphones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

I can honestly say that I have seen multiple people get in real bad car accidents while looking at their phone. Even my own sister got into an accident because she wouldn't stay off her phone. I think banning cell phone usage in a car while driving is good. Having cell phones while driving isn't safe for others or yourself while driving. It can cause accidents, killing a lot of people, and possibly killing yourself over a text message , a silly video, or a phone call. That's why there is a law that says, it's illegal to drive and text at the same time, or hold your phone to your ear while driving.

The law basically says a person cannot have a phone in their hand or on any part of their body like their leg or arm or stomach to support a phone. A person can only use their phones to make or get phone calls if they use speakerphone, earpiece, wireless headphones or the phone is connected to the vehicle or electronic watch. The

Hands-Free Georgia Act started July 1, 2018.

There are alternatives to holding your phones, Businesses are creating hands free phone holders, with many different styles to appeal to all.. The hands free phone holder can be put on your windshield on the left side of your wheel.

I also feel that with the distractions that cell phones cause while driving, which can turn into accidents, end up costing a person money, because of the damage from the car wrecks that may happen. Car Insurances are taking a lot of your money because of damaging other cars while texting and driving. The accidents also make your insurance increase which is more money out of your pocket. There is also the possibility of receiving several tickets as well for using your cell phone while driving, which is more money gone.

There should be a lesson learned, which is no hand held talking while driving, no texting and driving and no social media and driving, not to cause accidents. Their is no way that you should be answering your phone while driving, let it go to voicemail or call them back later. For those who care about others don't text and drive at the same time. Keep others safe and your loved ones together. Abbied by the rules follow direction then you will never ever have to pay for any damages or worry about any injuries or death.   