I believe a life without cars is a far simplar one. The natural gasses in our atmosphere is being polluted every day by artificial, man made smoke. For example, writer Robert Duffer, highlights the fact that many people are too attached to their cars, thus causing them to drive, equalling out to our polluted atmosphere. The line, "Congestion was down 60 persent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog", said by Duffer, shows how the impact of cars has ruined our clean air and how the use of less cars has cleaned our air in as quick as five days.

Many wonder how our air becomes polluted in the first place. It becomes polluted by something called the green house affect. The green house affect is the theory on how our air is polluted and why smog and contaminated air is all around us. The same way a green house works, by keeping in natural gasses (maybe even polluted ones), plus the solar rays from the ball of fire we call our sun, produces, is the same way that our multi-layed atmosphere works. The UV rays shine down sending heat, and the mixture of pollution from cars and factories, creates a barrier that traps in horrible cemicals and intoxicating fumes. Thus suffocating us on a daily basis. Until someone will do something about.

For example, Vauban, Germany has taken the next step into cleaning our atmosphere, by creating an experimental city, occupied by 5,500 people, none of which use cars. That's right. No cars. Whatsoever. Heidrun Walter, a citizen of the small city in germany, says "When I had a car Iwas always tense. I'm much happier this way." I agree. I believe that a life without cars will be a hard one to adjust to, but if our ancestors were able to do it for hundreds of years, I believe we can do it for another thousand years.

Another great example is the city of Bogota, Colombia. Bogota experienced what is called a "car-free" day, making millions of Colombians hike, bike, skate, and take buses to work. Even despite the rain that seemed to pour down on the people, "The rain hasn't stopped the people from participating," said by Mayor Antanas Mockus. Another participator of the "car-free" event was Carlos Arturo Plaza, who rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife, procalaimed that, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."

If we joined these other countries in going "car-free" for a day, maybe making it as often as once a month, I believe we can reduce the levels of air pollution in our atmosphere and  all across the country. I believe a life without cars is a far simplar one and a far cleaner one    