There are a lot of bright sides when it comes to extracurricular activities. Some may include college, but if you make all the students in one school participate in at least one.. That's going to be hectic. It's also going to be super stressful. I disagree with this sudden change because, an abundance of kids here have personal issues, the high school doesn't have enough room, and some kids might not want to participate.

You never know what's happening in a person's life, unless they tell you about it. Someone might have to babysit their baby brother, until their mom comes home. Additionally, some kids that go to this school, their parents don't have a car. They probably take the bus, to and from work. So how are they going to get home after school? Exactly. So not everyone can play a sport or work on the yearbook. Some kids seriously don't have time for that. You have to be considerate of other people's problems.

The high school does not have enough room for every kid who wants to play a sport. I personally run track, and I love it. But there's already too many people on the team. I get that the high school has absolutely nothing to do with the middle school, but they control our afternoon sports. And what's the point of spending more money to hire more sport coaches for the middle school when we have some next door. That's a waste of money. So, if you just let the kids who are in 8th grade and want to try out for a sport, do their thing. We could all totally avoid being on a team with 60 people in it. Not to be rude or anything, but let's be honest.. Who actually wants to serve in the student council or work on the yearbook.

When I say, "some people might not actually want to participate." I'm referring to the lazy students. You can't actually force us to do anything after school hours. I'm totally sure that is illegal. However, if it's something related to homework, that's a totally different story. Not many people want to do anything after school. You may not see it, but a lot of students here are depressed. Please don't even try to say, "an extracurricular might help them." It won't. They need to see their doctor, not you. Let us do what we want in our free time, that we legally don't have to be here at school. Y'all adults can work on the yearbook. And whoever wants to be on the student council, and whoever wanna play a sport. Let them, on their own free will.

Basically what I'm saying is, everyone has a different POV/reason on why they do or don't do a extracurricular activity. You shouldn't force it on us because you want too, without reasoning. Be understanding and respectful of other people's time, and they might just thank you for it in the future.          