Studies show that student's learn better when they are given hands-on interactive learning techniques rather than listening to an instructor speak for hours on end. Students should be able to create their own summer projects because it is allowing them to learn at their own pace and structure an assignment to where they better understand it. By being able to design an assignment, the students are excersising leadership skills. In doing so, the student can know what it's like to take charge and learn to be proactive in their own learning. Not only is designing a project a way to show leadership, it also shows students that learning isn't all about textbook's, and test's, and assignment's, but that learning could be a fun thing to do once anyone put's their mind to it. It's a way to show what really help's an individual turn something they don't know about into something fun and intersting. As a student, designing a project is agood way to express team work and building skills. Working with others on any given task allows for one to better prepare themselves for the workforce and develop proffesionalism around certain groups of people. Allowing students to take a leading role in their education is allowing them to take charge in their own future. It's showing them that this is all in their hearts and that with hardwork, determination, and leadership, any task can be accomplished.

Allowing students to design their own summer assignment is giving them a chance to learn real world leadership skills. It's best to teach students from their young adolescent stages to be a leader bevause it helps them develop a sense of confidence and trust in what they do or who they want to become. Students are still like sponges in these stages so it would be helpful to show them these real world skills. These assignments are a great way to excersize good learning techniques as well.

Student's can take this opportunity to learn new ways to make learning fun. Staring at a board, listening to a teacher talk all day won't help unless the student is able to actually see and do what they have been tought. When someone actually knows what they are doing wrong and a different way to improve, they can become better at the activity they are trying to complete. Allowing for students to work on their own assignement together is also helpful in their lives later on.

Giving student's a chance to work together and build a project is a good way to teach kids how to cooporate with others later on in life. Team work and building is a skill most jobs look for when hiring employees. When students are allowed to work together, they can learn ways to interact with others in an appropriate and proffesional manor that would be applauded in the workforce.

Though student's should have this be their own independent assignment, it's also good for a teacher to guide them in the right direction. Without teachers, the world wouldn't be a bright plave and it's important to listen to them and trust that they guide us to do the right thing when it comes to working with others and life in general.

Designing the summer assignment should be somethung the students handle because it is teaching them a plethera of skills and real world reasources like leadership, learning techniques, and team building strategies that will help better their understanding of professionalism in the workforce later on in life.