The electoral college must be replaced with popular vote because it's unfair to the people. The leaders are meant to be elected by the people and the electoral college elects electors to vote for you and they don't always vote for who you want. Most states have a "winner takes all system" in which the presidential candidate who recevies the most votes gets all the electoral votes from that state and even that isn't guranteed.

Some presidents have won popular vote but haven't won the election because of the electoral college. Some electors have even refused to vote for the candidate that they were elected to vote for. The worst case senario is that the election will be thrown to the House of Represntatives where the vote of millons of people now rests with less than a hundred. The electoral college is unfair to voters because of the "winner takes all" system. Candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't  get to see a single campaign add.

In source three it states that "The advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the Electoral College method is not democratic in a modern sense...it is the electors who elect the president, not the people." There is no certainty that if enough votes go to a certain presidential candidate that he/she will be elected. Presidents Richard Nixon, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in ther time, agreed on abolishing the electoral college. When it comes down to it, the founding fathers had good intentions in trying to make it so that the people elected a president but, instead electors elected by the people get to vote for the president. It is unfair to the popular vote when more people vote for a certain presidential candidate but, they don't get elected. The electoral college is unfair and should be replaced by the popular vote.    