Summer projects designed by teachers can boost students' minds over break. It can help assure that their minds still continue to learn while away from school. Teachers should decide the projects for students over summer break for three reason. Teachers have wider knowledge than students. They know what students need to learn over summer in order to produce better results as students go through each grade level. Teachers have increased experience than students. Designing projects by teachers will have a greater effect on students during summer than students designing the projects.

Teachers have already been through school and have deeper knowledge on how projects should be designed. They know how to make the ideal project for students to learn more. This will add on to what students know and help prepare them for the next year. If students created the projects, there would be no opportunity for achieving greater knowledge. Students would only apply what they have learned during the previous school year to project. Teachers are able to provide their academics from the times when they were in school. Having this knowledge from earlier school years can have an inclined effect on what the students learn over the break.

Teachers know what to expect for the students' next school year. They know how to design the projects to help prepare students. Student would not have the same knowledge as a teacher, which in return, will lower the chances of some students having straight A's. Teachers can help grow students' minds because they know what those students will learn in the coming years. Students would also try to make the projects easy on themselves if they had the ability to create the projects. They would make the work too simple. No student wants work over break, or willing to challenge themselves.

Being older and experienced can help students learn more. Teachers are continuously creating projects and assignments. Students do not have this ability. Projects would seem like an amateur made them if they were designed by students. Teachers know what the students need in order to expand their minds. However, the one thing students know how to do is make the projects fun. On the other hand, learning in a fun way can hinder how much the student learns. Teacher-designed projects are better for students' academics.

Students should not be allowed to design the projects assigned to them over summer. Teachers can provide a more inclined chance of being successful in school. Having more knowledge creates better projects. Teachers know what students need for next year. Being young can cause problems when creating projects. There is a better outcome from projects being designed by teachers. More academic success comes from those projects.  