Why do people ask multiple people for their opinion? Shouldn't they just trust one opinion? People sometimes ask for multiple opinions to help them with a tough decision. It can be difficult to make choices for yourself sometimes. You can give someone advice, but they would ask other people what they thought too. Seeking multiple opinions can be beneficial to a person making a decision because it gives them more options, multiple points of view, and helps them make the best decision.

The more options the better when it comes to making choices. When people ask for advice from multiple people,

they get more options of what they could do. Having more options is better for the person trying to make to choice. For example, if Generic_Name asks me for my advice on which running event she should do. I might say the two-hundred meter, but Generic_Name might say the one-hundred meter. After we both give her our opinion she has to choose. It it important to get more options before making choices. The more options people have the better choice they can make for them self.

When people have a decision they need to hear other peoples advice. If the person making the choice doesn't ask other people for advice they will follow what they think is right, even if it is wrong. The person making the choice would think it is right because that is their side of it, but if they ask other people they will see more than their side, and might not follow their own advice because they realized it was wrong. The person only realized they were wrong when they asked the other person for advice. Also when a person ask other people for advice they see what other people would think of them depending on the choice they make. When people see what other people would think of them sometimes it influence the decision that they make. When they ask for advice it shows them more points of view.

When people ask multiple people for advice they get more options and more points of view, but it also helps them make the best choice possible. When people ask for advice it shows them that their first choice might not have been the best. it also helps them get more options, so that they can make the wisest choice of what they should do. It can be difficult for a person the choose what they think is best for them, but the advice that is given to them really helps them make the best choice. People should always ask for multiple opinions before making a choice because it is very beneficial to them as they make the choice. Asking for multiple opinions will help the person make the best choice.

In conclusion, it is important for people to ask for advice before making a decision. Asking for multiple opinions is helpful for many reasons. The advice they are given will give them more options of what to do, show them more points of view, and it will help them make the choice that will benefit them the most. When someone asks you for advice try to give them advice that will benefit them the very most. It is important for them to get good advice to make the best possible decision. That is why people ask for multiple opinions as they try to make important decisions.       