Cars have been around for awile now and they seem to have developed into our everyday lifestykes. But for some countries there is no such thing. Having limited car usage can be great in some cases. It could really help the envirorment effectiviely, Provide less funds for people, and even challenge companies to pursue a bigger idea than just cars.

Our ecosystem is in dangered. All of the pollutio and waste that people put into the air needs to stop. The idea of having imited use of cars can provide a healthy and great looking earth. In the article by Robert Duffer ''Paris bans driving due to smog'' we see the understanding that paris can help support the idea for having limited usage of cars. ''After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city'' a sentence stated in the article. Paris typically has more smog than other european captials. ''Last week Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter (pm) per cubic meter comparied with 114 in brussles and 79.7 in london''. With nobody driving their cars for a day, they managed to clear up alot of smog and make the earth look healty again.

Having the idea for limiting car usage can also have a very big impacted on people financal funds. its common sense. Not having to pay for gas, car insurance, car payments, and even mechanical payments as well. And having not having to pay so much of those bills can provide person with a greater amount of cash in their pocket. But there can be a down side to not having a car also. Cars are made to get a person from one place to another and if there isnt any transportation how are you supposed to go to work or make some food stops. The solution is simple. Ride the bus, Walk, Bike, get some exercise for once, thats the biggest reason why america is  so lazy.

Car compaines such as Ford, Dodge, Toyota all compete with one another. But as the days go on by. Studies state that less and less people are buying cars. In the article ''The end of the car culture'' by Elisabeth Rosenthal states that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes on by. This has left researches pondering a fundamental question: Has america passes peak driving? My answer would simply be, No america has not passed peak driving, but how can you by a car and pay a buncg of bills with no money? Thats my question. People dream of cars everyday. Wishing they could drive a brand new converible Ferrari to school. But welcome to reality, were that really doesnt happen. And are economy does not help it one bit. ''at the Mobile Congress last uerar in Barcelona, Spain, Bill Ford, executive chairman of the Ford motor company, Laid out a business paln. Discussing things like trying to collab with the telecommunications industry''. This could be and opening for are future. It could save times around a city and ensure that its also safe at the same time.

In conclusion the advantages of limiting car usage can provide the earth, the earth, the people, and Finance to be nice, beautiful, and simple. But nothing can happen if we ont act now.                                                            