As the sound of the dismissal bell rings throughout the school, children exit their classrooms, but most of them aren't going home, they're going to an extracurricular activity. Why are they doing extracurricular activities outside of school? Well it can improve their performance in schools, teach them valuable lessons that might help them later, and be a fun thing to do with their friends. Our principal has recently announced that all students must participate in at lest one extracurricular activity, and I agree with that statement.

One important aspect of extracurricular activities is that it often helps students perform better in school. A good example of this is taking an engineering or math related activity. Students who partake in such activities can learn skills in math that they can use in school to do better in their math class. It could also reinforce thought processes that they have already learned and so they could get better at that. But what about extra curricular activities that don't involve math, like sports? Well sports require your brain to think about a problem that could happen later in the game, then prepare for that. Thinking ahead is also very important in a learning environment, and those who didn't think ahead will likely reach an obstacle that they weren't prepared for. However, students who take extracurricular activities will be more likely to find ways to overcome this obstacle and excel academically.

Extracurricular activities will often teach students lessons that will help them throughout their life. Doing almost any extracurricular activity involves working with other people which can teach students the value of teamwork which will be important when the students grow up and get jobs of their own. Students can also prepare for their future job from extracurricular activities because if a student has decided what job occupation they want, then that student could take an extracurricular thats related to that job and get experience that would help them succeed in that field. One such example of this would be a student who had decided that they want to be a teacher, so they took tutoring as an extracurricular activity which would help them find ways to teach to their liking and give them an idea of what it's like to be a teacher. By doing extracurricular activities Students learn information and skills that will allow them to excel later in their life.

Another great reason on why extracurricular activities are good is because it allows students to spend time with their friends outside of school. Most students don't live close to their friends from school and won't be able to see them much outside of school. But, if two or more friends decide that they all want to participate in an extracurricular activity, then they would get to see each other more often and get new friends from the extracurricular activity. After students graduate, they likely will very rarely see their friends from school, and might remorse on the time they wasted not spending time with their friends. That's why extracurricular activities are a great way to spend time with friends.

Extracurricular activities are very helpful, they help students excel in school, succeed when they grow up, and allow students to spend time with their friends. I hope everyone agrees with the principal's idea since I believe that it would benefit the school and everyone in it. We should at least give it chance to show us the good it can bring and let us ll have more opportunities for success.