While some students enter the new summer free from all things related to school, others do not. Some schools require students to complete a project during the summer to assure that they are still gaining knowledge. There are questions about if summer projects should be created by teachers or the students themselves. Some people believe that students should have the upper hand in designing because they deserve to have freedom with their own project. Their viewpoints fall a bit on the illogical side, because students would not be fully trusted to take up such a big responsibility. Teachers should be in charge of designing these summer projects, because they would be able to come up with firm ideas, students would not take responsibility, and it is convenient.

Teachers should be in charge of establishing a summer project because they would have firm ideas. The job of teachers require them to be able to brainstorm strong, central ideas, ones they can clearly present to their students. They would be more trusting to instruct certain elements of a project, as they have more knowledge than students. Their ideas would be neat, solid, and sensible. Students', on the other hand, thoughts would be more generalized. Rather their narrowing down their thoughts, they would be out of order and scattered. Teachers have the ability to go into depth and birth a subject for a project that is elaborate and specific. One would not have troubles understanding or completing the assignment that is presented to them.

Another reason for why it is better for teachers to be in charge of designing projects for the summer is because students would be irresponsible. Because of the arrival of summer, students would be more focused on their plans for their break, not an assignment for school. If designing the project was in their hands, they would most likely procrastinate, or would not take the time to think of it at all. In the eye of students, summer break is seen as a chance to escape from all things related to school. They would favor hanging out with friends and visiting entertaining attractions. Students would prefer having fun rather than sitting at home and attempting to boringly brain storm ideas for a school project. Because of their disinterest for completing work, students would ignore their duties and completely turn away from responsibility. The assignment that they are required to finish would be abandoned.

Teachers should instead create the idea for a project, because it is more convenient. Students rely on teachers to lead them. They are used to following their teachers' instruction. Allowing teachers to design the idea for a summer project would be sensible, because students would have something to go by. If the decision of the design was left up to a student, they would probably be stressing about what to create. It would be pressuring and hard for them to brainstorm good ideas of their own. If their teacher created a guide for their project, they would easily be able to follow it. Students would not be lost or anxious, but rather confident and on track. Their main duty would just be to get the project done.

The design of summer projects should be created by teachers, because they are able to come up with strong ideas, it makes sense for them to do so, and students would not be responsible enough to complete such a duty. Teachers have the ability of coming up with solid and specific ideas that one could easily comprehend. Students would not be able to do this job themselves. They would stray away from responsibility and instead distract themselves with all of the activities that summer has to offer. It is more convenient for teachers to instruct projects, because students would have something to go by. They would not be stuck and could complete their project without too many complications. With teachers being in charge of designing, students would have a better learning experience and an amazing summer project!