Throughout time, humans have sent numerous missions for astronauts or spacecraft to go into space and gather information on either the moon or our neighboring planets. Unfortunately, spacecraft has been destroyed within hours when landing on one of Earths neighboring planets, Venus. Venus is a desired place for us to be able to land on in the future or get really close to to study. Even though Venus pursuits some dangers, it is a worthy pursuit in the future because of its Earth-like structure, how close it is to earth, and the capability we have of getting up close and studying Venus.

As the author said, Venus is often referred to as Earth's twin. That is because Venus is closer than all the other planets to Earth in density and size and is sometimes the closest to Earth when the rotations of the planets meet up next to each other. A long time ago Venus was pretty much another planet Earth because it most likely had oceans and could support life forms and it had some of the same features that earth has like mountains, valleys, and craters. Scientists would love to be able to study the atmosphere of Venus and would want to know what happened to the oceans. They would also want to know the similarities and differences it has to the features of Earth.

Another reason the author says that we should pursuit studying Venus is how much closer it is to Earth than other planets besides Mars. We are so close sometimes that we have been able to send spacecraft over to the planet so we can investigate and see if we can find anything interesting about it. Also Venus can sometimes be the nearest option for a planetary visit which is strongly considered since the longevity of space travel.

The final reason we should look into pursuiting Venus is because of the tools, plans, and ideas we have to be able to get up close to Venus without becoming in danger. NASA has an idea where we can send humans to study Venus. The idea is we would have a blimp-like vehicle hovering above Venus from a very fat distance where everyone will be safe. The only setback of this idea is their is only limited sight through Venuses foggy, dense atmosphere so scientists might not be able to get clear pictures. Also their is no way of getting down close to the actual surface so no rock samples or gas samples can be taken. NASA is doing tests using silicon carbide and putting it through the same situation it would be in if it where on the surface of Venus. Another test is using mechanical computers which are used by levers and gears and are resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces.

Even though a trip to Venus sounds impossible, NASA and other departments are figuring out how to get through some of the dangers it presents to us. If we are able to discover and study Venus, it will lead to further studies about maybe different planets and we'll be able to study it's structure and we will make new discoveries.                                 