New technology and software can lead to great new things, but not in an educational environment. Facial Action Coding System is a new form of technology that can perceive feelings and weigh in different facial expressions of people. Something that would not help these schools and students, would be a computer in a classroom to read the emotional expressions of students. This would not be beneficial because the computer would disctrating to the students if they know they are being watched by a computer and the class would be less interested in the material. Also, the computer has no real way to connect with the students like a teacher could. That is why a computer to read emtions would not be beneficial to classrooms.

First, having a facial recognition system to detect your emotions in class would be too discrating to the students because they would have something monitoring their faces the whole class period. Not to mention, it would be in all of their classes. Evidence from the text to support this would be, "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." That would waste a lot of time to stop everytime one student gets confused of bored. Classes don't have enough time to do that and it would get them very behind.

Next, there would be no real interest in the class if they have something in the front of the room detecting them. A class should be informational and help a student learn, but also be fun and make them interested. Students get confused, that's what a teacher is for, to help them understand it when they get confused over something. Details from the passage to support this would be, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming cofused or bored". A student might understand the material, but it won't do much good if they hate the class because it's so dreaful, even if they might not show it.

Last, having a facial identification computer read emotions on a student is not valuable bc there is no real way for the teacher to connect with the students. A teacher is there for a reason, to help students learn. Being able to teach how they want and make it interesting in their own way is just a part of their job. Having a computer do most of their work is just as boring for them. Students and teachers can form real bonds, but not if they have a computer doing their job for them. Details to support this from the passage would be, "Empathy may happen because we unconsciously imitate another person's facial expressions." This same idea could go for teachers and school staff too.

To conclude, Facial Action Coding System is a great new thing, but not good for a classroom to read the emotional expressions of students. This would not be beneficial because the computer would not help students be more engaged if they know they are being watched by a computer and the class would be less interested in the material and it'd be no fun at all. Also, the computer has no real way to connect with the students like a teacher could and form a bond together. That is why a computer to read emtions would not be beneficial to classrooms. 