The people have a right to say what they want to happen in their community, state, and even as far as the country they live in. They should be able to decide whether they want a park built in their city or whether they want a specific up and coming President. Yes, popular vote at the moment seems favorable for the people, but it does not mean that the people don't vote in the the process of the Electoral College. They truly do vote for their president, just not in a way that they would like. Nonetheless, they do. That being said, the system of election should be kept to the Electoral College.

To begin with, the Electoral College, in a sense, is not democratic, as seen in modern times but it does not mean that it is not equal. Yes, they are voting for an elector in their state, trusting that they would vote for their chosen candidate. "But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)...," as shown by Richard A. Posner in "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President". This means that, even though the people are voting for an elector to pass on their message, they are still voting to make sure that the president they want to take the seat will get it. The electors so rarely betray the trust of the voters; it has happened one time in 2000, but again that was the first time since 1888. The most thoughtful voters will listen closely to the campaign, then choose which president they feel is fit. Which again, leads to the voters deciding, in the end. Furthermore, the larger states get more attention than the smaller states making it equal amongst those that have more population. For the most part, the Electoral College is equal.

However, others can argue against the Electoral College in favor of the popular vote. "Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always," said Bradford Plumer in "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong." That being said, sure they can't control that but the elector rarely betrays the trust of the voters, only happening twice in recorded history. The Electoral College is still less likely to cause a problem than popular vote would. If popular vote were to play in hand as a system of choosing the president, then things outside of even politics such as, riots, would get out of hand. "...in the Constitution as  comprimise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens,"as said by the Office of the Federal Register in "What Is the Electoral College?" Either way, voters do get popular vote, and vote for their elector to vote for their chosen President. It is a balanced idea of both a government and citizen based vote for the leader of the country.

Overall, the Electoral College by far is a balanced system than popular vote is. It is fair, in the sense, that everybody gets a vote and in total, their votes go to what they think is best for their country. Which in turn, does allow for them to decide.                    