The author states that Venus is a worthy pursuit to go for even though there are dangers present.

While there are some dangerous features on Venus, the author's suggestion might be actually worth pursuiting.

There are many reasons to look forward to see Venus.

For example it was shown that scientist studied that there was some form of life on Venus.

Even though Venus is dangerous, it is still worthwhile to study.

Venus does have many physcial dangers that are present.

The text states, "A thick atomsphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus.

Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atomsphere" (Para 3).

There are also mild temperatures on Venus's surface itself.

Text goes on to state, "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atomspheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet.

Also, notable, Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system" (Para 3).

This explains some dangers when pursuiting to see Venus.

But do not get caught up with the dangers of Venus.

There are still worthwhile things to look for when studying Venus.

The text states, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system.

The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters.

Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit..." (Para 4).

This explains the wonderful features that are worth it to see Venus.

There are as well other alternatives to exploring Venus if people do not want to be sent to Venus itself.

For example NASA has been working on other approaches to exploring Venus like making machines and computers.

The text states, "... some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested ina chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions" (Para 7).

Text goes on to state, "Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. ...but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all.

By comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces" (Para 7).

This shows how these alternatives of exploring Venus can still be pursuited.

Although Venus is a dangerous planet to visit, there are scientist out there that would sitll go and explore Venus because of features that are worth studying for and give an idea of what it is like for Venus.

There are also maybe a possiblity of some form of life there.

Even if it is too dangerous to explore there are still many other ways to explore Venus.

There is much insight to be gained for this planet.      