For decades, society has put a major emphasis on transportation in order to center themselves around cars and ways to upgrade them. However, it is this frame of that mind that has created issues for modern society. If there were limitations put on the usage of cars, then those rules would help maintain the environment, save car owners money, and create a feeling of bliss and serenity that has disappeared since the mass production of cars. So unless change is brought upon society, then people will be passing up on benefits that would better the whole world.

Scientist have long realized that cars are a major cause to the pollution brought into society. From the waste produced while turning precious oil into gasoline, to the engines in millions of cars simultaneously burning gas. It is for this reason that limiting the use of cars would assist in saving and maintaining the environment. According to Robert Duffer, the author of the article "Paris Bans Driving Due to Somg", "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intesifying smog." What is also noteworthy is that this experiment by France officials was only in place for a matter of days. So after having smog that repotedly rivaled Beijing, China, the smog capital of the world, the smog that inhabited France was more than cut in half. If this can work in such a large scale like France, then it isn't unreasonable to believe that this same process can be done in other major regions. Saving the environment has become a priority around the world in recent years, and the idea of limiting the usage of cars could help to achieve that goal.

Aside from the fact that the limitation of cars can save the environment, it can also save car owners money. When a person stops at a gas station to fill up their car, they can expect to spend between twenty and fifty dollars. However, if cars were to become less relevant, then this money can be used to fund other important aspects of a persons life. While this might seem far-fetched, according to Doug Short of Advisor Perspectives, "the number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter." This analysis helps to justify the fact that cars can eventually become less relevant and thus save people money. Also, money would be saved on not having to repair and maintain a car, or having to buy a car in general. This alone can save a car-owning household thousands of dollars each year.

Saving the environment and money are always an obvious choice when explaining the benefits of limiting car usage, but another benefit would be obtaining bliss and serenity around the globe. Since the mass producion of cars, cities are always filled with the irritating sounds of a lively road. This has left many people to enjoy their walks, not to the sounds of children laughing and people conversing, but to the beeping and screeching of cars. However, in a city in Germany called Vauban, officials have successfully created a peaceful city that relies on walking and public transportation instead of cars. According to Heiden Walter, a media trainer and citizen in Vauban, "When I had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way." This quote goes to show that the citizens don't feeled resticted, but released from their reliance on cars. So although it may seem difficult, putting limitations on cars can create a happier populants.

Putting a limitation on the use of cars would not be a punishment like some would see it, but a way to better society. This limitation would help save and maintain the environment, save car owners money, and create bliss and serenity amongst people. As modern society continues to push forward and develop the next wave of advancements, putting limitations on the use of cars should be seen as a serious inquiry to leaders around the world.    