Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home by choosing to take the distance learning option from certain schools. One reason they would benefit from this kind of learning is because they would be able to save more time. Another reason they might benefit from this is because they have less things to distract them from work. The final reason some students might not be comfortable with having many random people around them.

Driving to school in the morning causes students to wake up at earlier times so that they may make it to school on time the online classes however would be close to you at all times so the rested students would be ready for learning. Students wouldn't be spending time walking across one end of the school to the other just to get to their next class. Being at home will save them a lot more time and problems that a school might cause.

Being in a school classroom there are many things or people that might distract you from learning and understanding the work being given. While at home you can just focus on the things being taught from the online or video conferencing. For example, there might be some students that are loud and disruptive to you and others therefore distracting you from learning fully. Sometimes a school is full of too many distractions for a student.

Some students might not want to be around many people at school so this could be an alternative so that they can continue learning without any problems. For example, someone could have a phobia of some sort and that can lead to problems in their learning. For some it may be hard to speak to people they don't know. Too many people can cause uncomfortable situations for students that we don't want to happen.

In conclusion students that choose to take the distance learning option may benefit from attending class at home. Being away from things or people that can distract them can help improve their grades throughout the year. Students will have more time to spend on more educational and leisurely activities. Having online classes would be more beneficial for students that don't like to have things get in the way of their learning experience.        