I am strongly against the development of these cars . First , Whats the point in making a car thats functions by itself ? Cars were made to be driven by humans not by themselfs . Why spend so much money and time in trying to develop something , when theres no garrented that anybody will buy them or they will even function properly . Its just telling drunk drivers or high drivers to get behind the wheel of a car , Nothing bads going to happen your not driving so nothings your fault .

Second , Are traffic laws were made to keep pedestrains , drivers , and passengers safe . In this article " Driverless Cars Are Coming " They give you a question " who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer ? " . When anything bad happens on the road , I feel as if its the manufacturer falt . They basically say there is no need in watching the road when you drive now are cars will take car or everything ; Eat , talk , text , sleep , smoke , do as you please . They have flashing lights , entertainment , information systems that use heads-up display to warn a driver when he or she must take over . With knowing this drivers really wont pay attention now a lot horrible things can happen , The only thing that will improve is how one can drive perfectly in a straight line .

Thrid , How do we even know the driverless car works right ? How do we know it wont malfunction ? KIll us ? or even catch its ownself on fire ! We know nothing of this driverless car and what its truly capable of . Can it stop correctly at a stop light or a yeild sigh , Can it reprogram to drive itself at the right speed limit . Slow down when a pedestrian , dog , raccoon , or even a squirral has entered the road .

lastly ,

My question is why build something to out smart the system when the system is good already ? We already drive everywhere we need to go , If not driving we walk . The traffic laws are fine they prevent dangrous accidents already , Everybody follows then an know them ; and those who don't follow get a free trip the the police station . Why confuss people , switch , or even change some laws to protect the driverless car and its manufacturer . Im against the driverless car for many reason and I still have many questions about the development . You shouldn't take something so simple and make it into something so complicated ,

Just leave things how they were mean't to be . 