Everyone loves summer break. Students get a whole three to four months of no school, and relax from all the exams they throw at them near the end of second semester. A students nightmare would be schools assigning projects throughout that summer vacation. Unfourtunetly some schools are required to so to keep their memory in check.

Students would be much more motivated to do their work regularly if they played a role in the assignments they got; like deciding together as a class what work should be worked on. During summer, a time where students are supposed to catch a break from school, the least that could be done is having the students take part in what the summer project would be about, what you have to do, etc. Summer is a good time to clear ones mind from the exams taken near the end of second semester, and working on a project that peaks your interest, one that sounds like fun, doesn't seem that bad.

Friends i know always get giant packets of work during summer, or have to read a huge, uninteresting book. They can't find themselves to get motivated enough to complete their work until last second or not at all. I was known to never do summer projects because of the huge lack of intersted i had for them. If it were a project including one of my hobbies, a subject that i like, or a way of setting up the project that interests me, i surely would've done the work i owe. But the chances of getting that are little to zero.

The education system needs a lot of rework to do now that everything around us is changing and they're sticking to teaching technuiques used for completely different generations. Many things aren't the same anymore, and as time goes on scientific studies discover things about the human brain that the education system doesn't comply with, resulting in many negative outcomes; such as stress, dropping out at early ages, lack of sleep, and more. The list of changes that could be made to make the lives of students easier is endless, but at least have students get a say in what they should do in their free time if working on projects is a requirement.

Students may choose an alternative design for a summer project to weasel their way out of doing little to no work at all. However, during the first few days of school where the staff is busy setting everything up, teachers could take that opportunity to quickly revise a bit on where everyone left off before continuing with their new lessons; as well as assigning homework similar to last school year.

In conclusion, if projects need to be assigned over summer break let them be student-designed to make summer not less exciting, and have students return to school with a fresh mind and postitive attitude to do the best they can.