Working From Home

Should students be allowed to attend classes from home? I agree that attending classes while at home would be beneficial for many people and can actually help them work better. One reason is that it would be less stressful for the student and put a lot less pressure into getting the work done. Another reason is that it would give them more time to work, for example they could relax and take little breaks while working instead of having to cram all that work into one class session. My last reason is that it would help improve grades. If a student is allowed to work while being at home, it would allow their brain time to think more about their work and how they can improve it.

Attending classes from home would be less stressful and put a lot less pressure on the student. For example, one class session is an hour and thirty minutes. Teachers give a lot of work to students and expect them to get it done without any problem, but the problem is they can't because being forced to do a lot of work is not very fun and with very limited time can put a lot of stress on the teenage brain and also damage their mental health. Expectations now a days are really high for students but their mental health and state aren't taken into consideration.

Time is of the essence. Students need time to get their work done and whatever they aren't able to complete becomes homework. Having to do a lot of work without being able to take a break can really suck. Imagine if you had to do a bunch of work without being able to take a rest because whatever you don't complete you're gonna have to complete at home. If students could work from home, they'd have all the time they need to get their work done and they could take a break if they got too tired. At home students wouldn't have to worry about time because they could complete the work at their own pace.

Grades are important, and when a student gets a bad grade, it isn't exactly the best look. Working from home would allow students more time to think about their work, when in a classroom students can't spend a lot of time thinking because they don't have much time. On the other hand, being at home would give them all the time they could possibly need to complete their work and how they could improve it for a better grade. If students could improve their work they would get better grades, and there's no better place to do that then home, the place you're most comfortable with.

To sum it all up, students should be allowed to attend classes from home because it causes less stress and pressure which is better for their mental health, gives them more time to think and do their work, and helps improve their grades while in a place they're more comfortable with.