Dear Senator:

Over the years, people have been disputing over the Electoral College. Some people want it abolished while others want it to stay. The Electoral College is not working and and it needs to be abolished. For many reasons, the Electoral College has not worked. It is unfair to the voters, it causes voters to not vote, and it is unfair to the candidates.

The Electoral College is unfair to the voters. According to source 2, :"Voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." The whole point of voting is so that you, along with many people, can decide who will be the next president! Voting for people to elect a president is just not right. It causes voters to not vote because they know that their vote really won't matter. Source 2 also states that candidates don't spend time in small states, "focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing' states." That is causing smaller states like Rhode Island and South Carolina to have less knowledge on the candidates. If I didn't know too much about a candidate, I wouldn't vote at all! Even though people in those states did vote, they might not have known a lot about the candidates and voted for the wrong person.

The people running for office want to win. Source 3 says that someone could have a higher popular vote but lose the election. Is that fair to the candidate? Winning the popular vote but losing the election? No, it isn't. Winning the popular vote means that more people want you in office. If the majority of America wants a certain person to be the president of their country, that means that the winner of the election would be the majority vote. The Electoral College denys that basic right of Americans by not letting them choose their president. That alone is unfair to the candidates and to the voters.

Now you might be saying that the Electoral College has worked for a very long time and shouldn't be changed. Although the Electoral College has been working for a long time, that is the only thing that America has tried. If America used the popular vote, it could've changed elections. The Electoral College hasn't been working because it is causing more and more voters to stop voting and it is making it where only the majority vote doesn't matter. Citizens of America should have the right to chose the president by majority vote.

In conclusion, the Electoral College is unfair to the voters, it causes voters to not vote, and it is unfair to the candidates. As an American citizen, you have the right to vote. The Electoral College is taking that away and it needs to be stopped.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME   