Should students take online classes? Students can learn more by taking online classes? students have benefits for attend classes from home?.

On this paper I will argue about how students have benefits attend classes from home, and how improves skills for he future.

I think that students would have benefits for attend classes from home, because is a new opportunity for study more, and for improve more the skills more online classes for the future.

Teenagers that are attend classes from home I think will be more healthy, because that means that students will be more able to sleep , and will be have more time to rest the brain, and more time to do all the things at home, because a lot of students they do not sleep during the night the reason, because they work others that always talks with a friends and others that they use technology, and waking up at the early morning make the students brain tired, and makes the students do nothing at school for the rest of the day.

Students will be more organizing there time meaning that students will be able to have more time to have job, or do others activities during the day, or after taking classes online, because when they attend to school they do not manege very good the time they always doesn't care about time or do something important.

Students will be putting more attention to classes, because when teenagers attend to school most of the things that distract the students are the friends and the technology means that teenagers when are around friends distract the mind out of the class, and that causes that students don't pass the class, or the test, otherwise when are taking classes from home there is no body around that can distract and loss the attention of the students and will be more easy to do homework, projects, and study for test.

Some people say that the idea of students attend classes online from home will have more benefits is a bad idea, because they say,"Teenagers are lazy, and they will sleep more late at night".

Students taken classes online will be more smart, because there will more practice skills for the future where will be benefits of know how classes are doing online, and they where taking.

On the future students will be able to attend classes from home, and will have benefits for skills, and this will make the teachers more easy to turn any work or practice any class that they missed, and that way students can have more ideas how will things will change and compare between attend to school and take classed online.