Phones & Driving

Bologna and cheese! Pepperoni and pizza! Peanut butter and jelly! These are all things that go together. What doesn't go together it's texting and driving. Cell phones have become so commonplace that people don't see how much of a danger they can be. Cell phone use should not be permitted while driving. Cell phones should be stored away/out of reach while driving a vehicle. Some of the reasons cell phones shouldn't be allowed while driving include distraction for the driver, leading to increased deaths or increase accidents.

Distracted driving accounts for approximately "25%" of all motor vehicle fatalities according to the website Teensafe. com. Teens make up the largest group of distracted drivers. Because of their inexperience accidents involving teen could most likely involve in death. Cell phones are a major cause of distracted driving resulting in more than 400,000 injuries and 4,000 deaths each year according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (www. geotab. com) Drivers can also get distracted by eating or drinking, worrying about the radio, reading directions, talking/texting( anything that has to deal with cell phone use.)

Road rage also accumulates with cell phone use because being on the phone while not paying 100% to the road could lead to accidents which could lead to a road rage between drivers. 50% becomes aggressors due to the driving habits of others. Unsafe lane changing because of drivers being on their cell phones. People who text while driving are 6 times more likely to get into accidents than those who drive while intoxicated. More than half of drivers will experience road rage in their life.

There are those who will argue that cell phones aren't any better than any other distractions such as playing with the radio or looking for something in the car while on the road. Both distracted drivers and road rage are common to each other. Road rage is apart of cell phone use just like distractions during driving in an vehicle. Use of cell phone can take an individuals eye's off the road for anywhere from 30 secs to 1 minute whic can result in road rage from cars close by the driver who is distracted. Cell phone use is a part of distractions for drivers which can cause road rage and an conflict between drivers.

Cell phone use while driving is a major distraction which can result in road rage and/or an accident. For many reasons cell phones and driving do not go together. Drivers need to be focused and alert while on the road. Drivers lose focus when they are worried about answering their phone while on the road. Phones while driving are hazardous for everyone.   