Should students get class in bed? Some schools are offering distance learning. It would be better for students to be in a classroom setting rather than at home because, students will get in person learning opportunities, they will get life experiences, and won't have as many distractions.

The first thing students will experience, from the moment they walk into the classroom, is in person learning opportunities. Teacher can check on a student and help them better achieve their educational goals. Other students can also help by giving their own views and comments on the topics being taught. Fellow students can also help each other study and create ways to better learn the concepts. Other instructors can also be nice to have on hand, because they can dive deeper into a question that a student has, or might have answers to a concept the student can't seem to understand: an example of another instructor would be teachers assistant or a counselor.

Life experience is another reason why students should learn in a classroom setting. Students need to manage their time and they learn that by being on time to class and completing their homework. There is also a higher expectation for students in the classroom: complete their homework, have an understanding of the concepts, and and be respectful towards the teacher and other students. Students also get to interact with each other in a classroom setting, which helps them develop social circles and social skills.

In the classroom there are less distractions. Sometimes students may be louder than the teacher and distract a student from completing his or her work. However if students remain at home they mite: spend most of the class on another device, decide they want some food, and they may be tired and sleep through the hole class. If they attend in a classroom setting, a teacher can block some of those thing out.

It would be better for student to be in a classroom setting because, they get in person learning opportunities, life experience, and have less distractions.