Yes, today most the people have cellphones anything technological. But should we be able to operate cellphones while driving is the question everyone is concerned about. Everyone has different set of ideas about if people should be allowed to use their phones while driving. There are lots of advertising about phones and the cool things that they can do. And that you can test without having to stop looking at the road but those are all false advertising because you do. You must unlock your phone for you to be able to say the text just because we don't have to type it doesn't mean that is don't take our sight off the road. Some say it's wrong for you to text and drive and they are right it's wrong to do it because something can happen to us or more likely to someone else. It's easy for us to think that nothing can never happen to use if we text and drive at the same time, because it may have never happened to you but it doesn't mean that it hasn't happened to anyone else. Drivers should be more careful about what they do when they are driving it should not be legal to text and drive. No one should have to lose a family member for someone who was texting and driving and not being careful. Some want to get home to their families and can see them again.

Everyone has their own opinion and that fine, everyone has the rights. Texting and driving can cause your own life and someone's else for example A Fathers, mothers. Children's life. Cellphones are really use full to use and always will be useful. Because they help use in our everyday life to get to places talk to our families that don't live close to use. It helps use be able to work and have good jobs but it also hurts use not just that fact that lots of teens text when they drive but the fact that they can't be without their phones to be able to get safe where ever they are going. Inconclusion I think that it's wrong for anyone to text and drive you should play safe and just wait to answer a text message a call when you get to the place you need to be. Safe the fact that something can happen to you and your family will be upset and cry for you just because you couldn't wait to answer your phone.   