In the passage " The Challenge of Explorinng Venus ", the author belives that we should explore venus even if there are hazards. we should explore venus because it is the only planet that is a like twin,that we will gain insight on the planet,and that human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimadating endavors.

venus is one of planetary neighbors meanig that it is one of the closest planets to earth. Scientest often call venus our twin. In paragraph four,sentence 3 scientes also say that, " Venus was probaly covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." With this being said they could moniter venus and get it running like how it use to be if we can we can get up there and be there long enough. If we are able to do that Scientest could probaly move life over to Venus.

If insight is gained over Venus we could create new life or even move life over to Venus. With the right technology we could create a habitat that we can live on. If we did acomplish thus our life could change forever. We could reduce the amount of poultion, control the population, and if ever needed we could move to a diffrent planet. With posibiltes like this we could change our life and how we would live forever. This could embark ideads of us going to mars and trying the same thing.

If we did this it could show that we can make other planets an enviorment that we could live on. Such as mars and other palnets. Pepole would be inspired to colonize another planet. Mars also as earth like features you can grow props there and do many other things. With great minds on the project anything is posible.

in conclusion, with the thought of exploreing venus because it is the only planet that is a like twin,that we will gain insight on the planet,and that human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimadating endavors. Are all valid points because if all these things are posible than anything is posible within our planet and with outher planets.