Spring break is lots of fun for students that are in school. Students get one or more weeks of school off to do what they want to do. During spring break there still should be some learning going on in the students spring break. Whether that be essays, projects, or book reading, students should be doing work through break. Some schools require students to complete projects during spring break week. Students should design the project that kid wants to do so they can remember it better and learn from what that student is saying and doing in that specific subject.

First, students would benefit more from making their own projects from scratch. So many kids can not always comprehend what the teacher is teaching them so the kids try an put the knowledge into his or her own words. Teachers should not be responsible for how the students do the projects. Kids and teens that are in school can retain more information when him or her are doing the project based on what they think is right. Also, the students should be able to choose what the project that student is going to do because, the students are more likely to agree, be able to compare with that project, feel more connected with it, and interested.

Second, learning during break is a good thing for students to do for themselves without the teacher present. If the kids put his or her own effort into doing a project without the teachers outlines, the students will be way more successful in learning and retaining the information those students have just done in the project. In some cases, having a student make up his or her own projects is a gigantic help to the grade and to the teachers. Students would benefit more from making the project something that student loves to do or a special hobby that kid has.

Some may say that, a teacher designed project is better for the students. Students would be able to go back and reference what is supposed to be on the project that the teacher has given that person. However, student designed projects are better for the class. The kids will be willing and able to do a project that him or her want and desire to do.

In conclusion, kids should design the project so that him or her can remember what that student is learning in class. Some students have a hard time grasping what the teacher is teaching them. The kids tend to learn more and pay more attention at home or somewhere other then school. Projects over spring break should be student designed.          