Driverless cars are an exciting look into the future of technology. They will make transportation easier and help the enviroment with less fuel use. Google cofounder, Sergey Brin, stated that, "The cars he forsees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus". With more organizations like Google and General Motors creating technology for driverless cars they will become safer and be used everywhere.

Safety is a big concern with driverless cars but the safety is becoming a reality with these machines. The article says, "Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash" which shows that the self driving cars are becoming safe and efficent. Many states are worried if a driverless car will keep drivers, passengers, and pedestrains safe. The driver will always remain in the car and will be able to take control if anything does go wrong so cars will remain as safe as they were before. Once the techonolgy is more advanced and manufacturers are ready to release a driverless cars the safety features will be able to keep all road users safe. While safety is a big concern of lawmakers and all individuals, the technology of these cars will be able to keeps everyone safe and worry free.

The cars being developed today are not completly able to run on their own and require a human to remain at the wheel and ready to take control. The self-driving cars can do many things on their own. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake thenselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills". Driverless cars will make it easier for users but it is a necessity for the driver to make sure they can take over when needed. This need for the driver to be ready will continue to decrease as the technology increases. Different features in the cars make sure the driver is alerted to take over. These features include a vibrating seat, flashing lights, sensors in the sterring wheel, and other "heads-up displays". The driverless cars are constantly improving but for now the driver will have to stay engaged in the road, which is good thing for the safety of these machines. The technology in these machines could make it possible for handicapped people to drive. A solidier who lost a leg or a blind person could transport themselves with the benefit of a driverless cars.

Driverless cars present new posibilites with the technology and the ease of transportation. Safety is a large issue with the car driving instead of the human but the advanced technology will make that problem obsolete. Self-driving cars are an exciting new posibility that will make this world a better place with easier transportation.                