When children think about summer they normally think about all fun and no work. Although some schools make it mandatory for a summer project so the students do not forget everything they have learned. The only dilemma with this is who should come up with the assignment at hand. Students and teachers alike think they are the correct person to do this but the logical way to do this is for the teachers to design the assignment. By the teacher assigning the project it will help insure that the assignment will help the students learn, retain, and experience the information that will be or has been taught in the classroom.

First off, by having the teacher make the assignment it makes it easier on the students and their learning throughout the summer. The teacher knows exactly what the students need to learn or at least be introduced to by the beginning of the next school year. By having the teachers design the projects the students will learn all the materials needed for the next year as well as learn new materials that will be introduced. Staying on topic to the things the students have learned or will learn will increase the understanding and overall success in the classroom for the following year. It also insures that the students will actually learn something through the summer rather than sitting at home forgetting everything they had just learned. Another reason for the teachers to be in favor of designing the project would be that different subjects have different requirement. For example a Chemistry project will be entirely different than an English project. By having the teacher design to project it will insure that the students will learn something based on that specific subject instead of having a general topic for every subject, which would not benefit anyone.

Additionally, the summer project will help the student retain the information through the months of the summer. By doing this throughout the span of the summer the students, ideally, will work on it during that time. This will help them and keep them from not forgetting the information needed to complete the project. The information given will probably be really important in the following years to come and will be better if the students would just retain the information and learn from it, rather than just forgetting it and the information being retaught every single year. By having the teachers design the project it will aid the students in staying on task and continuing throughout the summer. There will be a heavier workload since it will span over several months and students will be retaining the information from the previous years. It would be smart of the students to spread their workload to help them retain the information, by doing this it will make sure they arent doing it all in the beginning of summer than forgetting or doing nothing until the end and forgetting everything before you even start the project.

In light of that, the teachers assigning the project will make sure that the students will be safe and have fun while doing it. To experience a well organized project as well as learning something and all together having a good time is a great learning experience for the students. However if the students were the ones creating the project it would be a disaster. But there could be some good reasons for it, though the bad does outweigh the good. For example if the students made the project it would make sense to the students and their understanding of the materials at hand. But it would have to go through trails to make sure the project is actually safe to do at home by their selves. Therefore in the long run it would be more work for the student and the teachers if the students came up with the summer project by themselves. A safer and better way to do things would to compromise the options for students,the teachers could come up with the project ideas and have the students vote on the one they would rather do. As well as having many options for students to pick from over the summer so they are not limited to or only have one option to chose from.

In conclusion, there is always a better way to do things that includes being logical about your decision and safe. This would be letting the summer project be designed by teachers. By taking this route the projects would help the students learn, retain, and experience the information that will be or has been taught in the classroom. Although there could be a compromise between the students and teachers by collaborating ideas between the two parties and coming up with options from that. But the teacher path would be the best route because it will insure the students safety as well as the material they learn throughout the summer.