Have you ever needed to ask someone for advice, but you werent sure if what they said would help? Well, I think I have the solution to your problem. You should always ask more than one person for help in a tough situation. Not everything can be handled on your own. Seeking multiple opinions when asking for advice is important because it gives you more options, determines different peoples point of view, and gives you more time to think.

First, it gives you more options. When you ask multiple people for their opinions, your more than likely going to get different responses. Your probably going to get a variety of the same answers, so whichever option was brought up the most is probably the best one. Then, you know how to go about the situation without worrying if what only one person told you would help. Lets say you have your softball championship game and your the only pitcher on your team, but its the same night as the night before your SOL. The championship is in Generic_City and you live in Generic_City. You ask your best friend if you should go to the game, or stay home and study. She says you should stay home and prepare for the test. Your team loses the game and you feel horrible the next day about letting them down and you can't even focus on the test and you dont pass. You tell your mom about it when you get home and she says you should've went to the game and studied on the ride home. See, if you would've asked her as well, you would've had more options and made the best choice.

Secondly, it helps you determine different peoples point of view. Not everyone thinks in the same way; everyone has their own opinions. So when you get different advice from people, you learn the way their brain works. Which is good considering the people you ask for advice are probably going to be your peers. It's a good thing to understand your peers and the way they think. Peers are people around your age group that you encounter on a daily. Getting to know their brain and thoughts is an easy way of getting to know them. So who knows, maybe this could even result in a life long friendship!

Lastly, this will give you more time to think. Usually when you ask one person for advice, you go ahead and do what they said without much thought. But, when you ask numerous people what they think you should do, you'll have more time to think about your options and feel more relaxed about your decision. For example, lets say your boyfriend gets mad at you for hanging out with your best friend instead of him. So he makes you choose between him and her. If you ask one person what you should do, what they say may not end up being the best choice. If you ask multiple people, it gives you more time to think about what you really want as well.

Asking for multiple opinions when looking for advice is important because it gives you more options, determine different people point of view, and gives you more time to think. Hopefully next time you need advice you'll ask multiple people instead of one. Its better to have a variety of choices to pick from then just one,but dont forget to think about yourself to and if you really thinks thats the right advice. I know this will help you make the best decision.