Studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger to pinpoint the difference between this and Earth, making heat and physical-resistant machines, and to find possible environment activity.

Earth and Venus may be twins, but that doesn't mean it share the same geographics. In paragraph 3, it says " The atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." Therefore, Venus is way hotter than Earth. While talking about Venus' geographic background, it also says "Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. This shows Venus carries more extreme pressure; Consequently, lots of powerful weather.

In this time, most companies make technology that can hold a certain measure of heat and physical conditions. This may also be a challenge to see how much the projects were built to reach its peak or observe downfalls to if it plays a significant role in human activites.. Back in the day technology was powerful to run very quickly, but doesn't have the ability to hold much temperature. In paragraph 2 its says, "Each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours." Also paragraph 7, "Modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditons." This could a starting point of why the making of better phones, computers, and powerful machines exist as generations go by.

To find human activites around Venus is not easy. Due to strong heat it covers, a human or certain machines can't survive not even under a minute. For example, paragraph 3 says " On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit" and "Such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals." Venus is almost impossible to squeeze through; Consequently, there could be no chance.

Venus is a powerful planet that it can require new inventions to be made while it need better and viewing research.