Imagine yourself in the driver seat of a car, jamming to music with no worry for the road. This can become a reality with a self-driving car. Self driving cars are needed for progress, for safty, and for pure entertainment on the road.

Smarter cars provide a new era in the age of technology. According to the article, " Google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS reciever, and an inertial motion sensor." All of these sensors require advanced technology that the world didn't have, nor a reason to have, before 2010. With the self-driving car paving the way to the future, the world needs to increase its dedication to progress and its concern for details to make sure accedents don't develope.

With the driverless cars undergoing recent development it is understandable as to why safety concerns for a driverless car are a major debate. According to the article "In 2013, BMW announced the development of 'traffic jam assistant.'" This development proclaims that even though the car can drive itself the driver must keep both hands on the wheel in case of emergancy. The car will also notify the driver through various methods ranging from a vibrating seat to flasing lights on the windshield. The manufactureing companies want to make sure that people can be safe while enjoy themselves in these robotic cars.

A big issue is whether the driver will get bored if they aren't driving but instead, they are just watching the road. Yes, the driver will evntually get bored. However, manufacturers have created a solution. According to the article, "Some manufacturers hope to do that by bringing in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays." This will eliminate the argument of getting bored by provide entertainment to a driver. Also, as technology advances, this can shut down when the driver needs to take over again so no accidents occure.

Overall, self driving cars are needed for progress, for safty, and for pure entertainment on the road. They will be the future of this world.