The majority of people use some sort of gas transportation such as a bus or a car. It is a good idea to limit the usage of gas tranportation to help save our enviroment, to help our own health and to save money. Cars are very popular now-a-day but are also bad for everyone and for the world we all live in. Limiting car use will be better for all of us.

Car usage is extremly bad for our enviroment. According to the first article in paragraph five a total of about 62 percent of gas emission in our enviroment iin Europe and the United States are because of cars. That is alot, and to think that limiting the usage of cars or eliminating it will help better the enviroment and world we live in. As stated in the fourth article in paragraph 29 that every year our enviroment betters due to less people buying cars and getiing licenses.

Health is a big issue everyone faces. The more cars our used the more contaminated the oxygen we breath gets. We can not afort to let the air we breath get contaminated. In the second article throughout the whole reading Robert Duffer the author  says that in paris smog is everywere. That fog absorbs all the gas that the cars release. Think about it, that poluted fog is n the air and you can not help breathing it. Once you breath that fog you are putting your health at risk.

Every car i money you have to waste out of your pocket. You waste money when you buy the car, when it breaks down, and even everytime the car is low on gas. If you put that all together you are wasting lost of money when you could be saving it and using on other things. In article one in paragraph two in the last sentence the author put how much money is wasted to be able to have a car which is about $40,000. Having a car means getting fines if you do something wrong or improperly as showed in paragraphs 11 and 21.

In conclusion, cars are not good for the enviroment, our health, or for our money. Use cars less or do not use them at all. Everyone needs to end car use. Make a change, it is all up to you.    