School is one of the most talked about and very differently viewed topics of today, some people like the idea of waking up early, going to school, and learning in tons of different ways. That's a select few people, but, most don't see a reason to coming to school and learning like that when you can learn the way you want too and have a school schedule that best fits you. Schooling online is great because it can be more relaxing and help with time management, it gives kids time to work on their own and pace themselves how they see fits best to their academic needs, and it allows freedom to express how they learn the best without fear of judgement from peers.

School from home can be more relaxing because kids don't have to worry about missing the bus or driving to school on time. Kids can get up and get a good amount of sleep without rushing to get ready within a certain amount of time. It allows kids to also practice and get a good grip on time management, if kids are running off to school and have an hour or so to get ready, it's just a daily routine. However if kids are waking up at a decent time and starting school when they want, while juggling other things during the day like a job, chores, or family/friend events it teaches them how to get done what needs to be done and still have enough time in the day for them to relax and rest.

School can sometimes be a fast paced enviornment for a majority of kids and most don't get a chance to work at a pace that they want and is most comfortable to them. Schooling from home, kids are able to work at the fast or slow pace that they prefer, it just depends on the person. Although, there could also be a downfall to this considering the fact that some kids could hold assignments off until the last minute and eventually fall behind, but, every action has a risk and the same situation happens in school everyday, so, it just depends on the person and how committed they are to doing well in school, getting good grades, and staying on task. Pacing yourself and actually having the ability to pace yourself goes a long way for some kids.

Kids in schools nowadays feel pressured to one; not be themselves because of how they'll be judged; but, also they feel the need to resist asking questions or asking for help because it makes them look dumb or stupid. Schooling from home you have the freedom to ask for help to get you to better understand what it is you're learning. You have the freedom to be yourself and wear what you wanna wear and act how you wanna act because you don't feel the need to please people because you're home. Freedom is important and it shouldn't be limited because someone thinks it makes you stupid when you ask questions to help further your knowledge and education. Kids needs to have freedom to help them grow and learn more about who they are. Although, schools encourage kids to be who they are and learn how they want, it doesn't always work like that.

So in conclusion, schooling from home has many great benefits and also some perks like it can be more relaxing and help with time management, it gives kids time to work on their own and pace themselves how they see fits best to their academic needs, and it allows freedom to express how they learn the best without fear of judgement from peers. School is always gonna be a topic everybody has a different views and opinions on, but, that's just how life is, if someone doesn't agree with you that's perfectly fine. School has so many different aspects, rules, systems, and processes depending on if you're homeschooled, attending a private school, or going to a public school, choose whichever works best for you because at the end of the day, that's all that really matters.               