The driverless car seems like it would be a really cool invention, but seems like it could have some issues. The car would be moving somewhat out of your control especially if used as a public transportation vehicle. This would make the older generations worry about their kids and grandkids since they realize it could break down anytime anywhere.

The vehicle could easily be labled as dangerous since the text states, "Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009. Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash" 500,000 miles is good but you have to be under certain conditions. How good would the car work if you can't or live to far away to drive under these special conditions? The car might malfunction or go crazy, it could just simply blow up. Due to these statements this car could be labled dangerous.

The car could also be labled dangerous for its inability to pull in and out of driveways. This could be a hazard for the young kids who are just learning how to drive and think the car can do everything for them like Google makes it look like it can. Backing out of a driveway can be a very dangerous action to accomplish because if there are obstacles blocking the view of the road you can not see cars going past you.

The car can also be a dangerous vehicle because if you are driving and get drowsy or something with nobody else in the car with you, you could run right through a construction site. This is obviously a big concern for a lot of people because a construction site can have many hazardous tools that could kill you instantly even with protection of a car. Its a dangerous car for you and also the people around yo. If someone else on the road wasn't in an automatic driverless car and made a mistake you wouldnt have the chance to dodge the other driver to save yourself you guys would both just crash.

Driverless cars can be very helpful, but overall i see them as death traps. They could take peoples lives over a simple mistake like a malfunction. I would not drive a driverless car or allow my kids to drive one due to safety concerns and lack of control. Afterall those movies with driverless cars often end bad any way.