Some claim that a picture of a natural landmark and a shadow is really a sign of alien lifeform or a civilization. Nasa a billion dollar company dissagrees and has proof that this is indeed a landmark with a shadow and not any sort of alien life. That has not stopped some conspiracy theorists from saying that this is a cover up.

Nasa as we all know is a company that is paid to fly unmanned and sometimes manned aircraft into the sky and most excitingly space. That is a positive thing for us humans who have no idea why we are here and how are we here. People don't like to know or believe the truth and sometimes make up lies or takes something the wrong way and make everyone from the news to the everyday household hear about something that didn't even turn out to be true. That is the same case here, Nasa released a photo of a mountain during a time of day that would have shadows, and Nasa being a public and government company is forced by law to release photos to the people. Which leads to more proof if Nasa took more photos that showed aliens or other inteligent lifeforms they would have to release it they can't just magicly hit erase.

Conspiracy theorist still do not believe Nasa so they demand more photos and still Nasa has even more proof that this "face'' is indeed a montain with shadows stratigicly placed to look like a human face. Theorist say that everything Nasa does is either faked or fixed to look like something it is not. In this case it went viral and many people still believe it was aliens that went there and did that but Nasa declines and this time Nasa has a little more proof.

Nasa would've got money to send a human or a robot to Cydonia if it were a human lifeform or an alien, and we all know the team that worked on it would've got some pretty heavy paychecks just by working on the case, just imagine that checks the team would make if it were a civilivation. But Nasa will not be sending over humans or a robot for a couple reasons, the best reason is that the already know that this is just a mountain, not a civiliation.

In conclusion Nasa knows this is a mountain and not a lifeform of any kind.

Nasa also knows that lifeforms like ours can not survive on the surface of any planet without an atmousphere like mars. So even if a lifeform can survive without oxygen unlike us that the proof of that area says otherwise.   