Many people believe that students should be given summer projects that are issued by their teachers. But others believe that students should be the ones to choose what they want to do for their summer projects, many reasons for this are because they will know what subjects they would need to work on over their summer brake.

Having the assignment designed and given to them by their teacher would give the student a chance improve in subject areas that they are struggling in. Studies show that many students have a subject area or class where they are struggling to do the assignments and worksheets given to them. The suumer project assigned to them by their teacher would help with fixing this issue and may even cause the student to become better at the same subject the followin school year.

This would also help prepare students for the next school year by giving students the opportunity to refresh their minds on the classes they took over the previous school year. Many times students come from summer break they completely forget what they have learnt the previos school year. This affects many teacher who have refresh their students memory on cetain topics they have been taught the previos school year. the time spent on refreshing students minds could be used to do smoething else like learning about a new topic in math, biologoy,health or chemistry class and giving more time to prepare for tests and SOLs. This would benifit both teachers and students in that more students would be understanding the topics they are being taught.

Giving students a summer assignment will also show the teacher what the student can accomplish on his/her's own. This how much progress the student has made on their own since the first moment they stepped in the teacher's class.

Teachers should be the ones whom design the summer projects to give students a chance to improve on certain subjects areas where they are struggling. Also giving them a refresher on the classes they took so that they can be ready for the next school year. Inturn this will also show what students can accomplish on their own.