Some schools offer students the choice of learning from home instead of being on-campus. This could be a result of a school not having enough space for all students, or a school with children in need of special care they can only access at home. While allowing students nationwide the choice of staying at home to learn would provide them with more freedom and accessibility, the sacrifice in quality of education made to do such a thing would not be worth it.

As of now, the only large scale educational institutions that allow a choice of staying home to learn are online or limited space colleges, those with a poor reputation in teaching their students. One of the largest reasons why this fail is the absence of interaction within students and teachers. Communication with others is a basic life skill and one that both students and teachers can benefit from. In a physical classroom, teachers are able to gauge how interested and how much struggle a student is going through, then point their attention at the student that needs help. Without a physical classroom unless lessons on one on one, students will have no direct way to ask questions to teachers. Even if students were to have a requirement of say one physical meeting per week, there is no way they would have retained all their knowledge from online conferences over the entire week to ask the questions they need answered, and students too shy or antisocial to ask questions would be left far behind.

After the drop in quality of education, offering online classes would also cut into a student's life skills. Schools often try to develop students skills useful in their out of school future but with no way for teaches to meet their students these skills would be dropped from the curriculum. The three "main" life skills: collaboration, communication and leadership, all are forged in person, they are gained over a child's education with things like group projects, in person presentations in front of a class, and class elected officials. With the choice of online class, none of these would be an option for those learning from distance and would put them far behind in-school students in terms of both education and life preparedness.

The only possible upsides of allowing students the choice of online school would be the safety and accessibility benefit, if schools were to allow students to learn online, they would be safe from physical dangers like bullying or mass shootings. Past dangers from other students, they would be far away from potential disease spread at school, one of the easiest place for viruses and sickness to spread due to sharing of learning materials and small closed classrooms. Specialization could also come with the choice of online school. Currently, students are put into schools based on their living location. This causes a large rift in the performance of schools, even in the same district. With online schools students would not be locked into a school next o them. Students could have the choice of taking math and science classes at a very STEM focused school, and a foreign language at another. This means that courses formerly to specific and uninteresting to most like oceanography or cryptography could be taught with a class size of all the students in a county interested in the specific field of work, allowing for more choice and diversity when choosing classes. While this may all sound good, The quality of the learning would still be far behind that of a normal school no matter how many specific classes there are and how safe the schools would be, students would still be distanced and their education would be mediocre at best.

Overall, while allowing students to attend classes online would likely have some small benefits like more class choice and easier accessibility, but the sharp drop in educational quality and lack of life skills for those without a willingness to learn would be too sharp of a sacrifice to justify allowing students the choice of taking their learning online.