As an American citizen, I am aware that cars are a big form of transportation. For me that is my way of getting everywhere. But I never really thought about the consequences of driving a car or even that there may be advantages to not driving one. Other countries have realized that their are advantages and are working on promoting citizens to use other types of transportation. Through out the world many countries are pushing for "car-free" areas and eventually "car-free" countries. Many of these countries are trying different strategies to accomplish this goal. Some examples would be Paris, where they only permit certain cars to drive each day depending on their license plate number, as found in source 2, parts of Germany are creating "car-free" communities and if you want to have a car you must pay 40,000 dollars in order to park in a parking garage in the front of the community, according to source 1, even Cities in Colombia promote what they call a Day Without Cars, as said in source 3. Even though here in the United States we haven't enforced any laws against driving, some citizens are choosing to not to drive. These countries are creating these new lifestyles in order to prevent air pollution, take away the stress of driving on the roads, and to bring the communities closer together.

As many people may already know, cars release greenhouse gasses that are harmful to our enviroment. As said in source 1, "Passenger cars are responsible for up to 12 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions into the enviroment." Parts of Germany are working to solve this issue by creating "car-free" communities. Some of these communities house up to 5500 residents. This change is getting a positive reaction, with more people moving into these commmunities than predicted. This is a movement called "smart planning" which is a trend that is growing and sreading into many parts of Europe, some parts of the United States and elsewhere.

Paris however is trying a different strategy that doesnt require people moving into completely new areas. They are now enforcing laws permitting certain cars to drive on their designated days. For example, on Mondays drivers who's cars have even-numbered license plates must leave their cars at home and find a different form of transportation for that day or else they will be fined 22-euros($31). So far 4,000 drivers have been fined. Paris's goal is also to cut down the emission of harmful gasses into the enviroment but mainly trying to reduce smog. Since deisel fuel is a large contributor and the majority of the vehicles in Paris run on diesel fuel they are cutting down the number days you are allowed to drive.

Colombia is also using Paris' strategy, but their "car-free" days are limited to once every year. Colombia has been using this stategy for 3 years and each year getting a better turnout of people participating. Violators who choose to drive on this day known as the Day Without Cars day, are fined $25. Their goal is to promote alternative transportation, interaction between citizens, limit individuals stress levels, and reduce smog. Heidrun Walter, a citizen in Colombia quoted, "When I drive my car I'm always tense. I'm much happier when I'm not behind the wheel." Haidrun is just one of many citizens who have expressed their interest in this new method.

After looking at the consequences of driving a car, and seeing the multiple advantages of not having one has changed my perspective on things. I know the feeling of being stressed when driving and I've always thought, if I could I would choose a different form of transportation. After seeing other countries promoting their citizens to choose alternative forms of transportation, I now hope the United States will enforce something similar. Not only do you help the enviroment but it is safer for yourself and everyone around you. Living a lifestyle with no air pollution, stress, or traffic jams will be safer and more efficient. Hopefully every other citizens perspective on this will change, if it hasn't already. I'm lookinf forward to seeing you walking next to me on the sidewalk.     