Dear TEACHER_NAME

I have been thinking about how you want us to do community service and I was going to say I have many things to do and that will take out most of my time for studying homework and many other things i need to do in my day. I disagree with doing community service on school days maybe on weekends or days we don't have school or during school. I just need more time in my day to study and do home work for school. I also need time for my social life not cleaning and helping other people.

I have to do my chores and homework before I can do anything after school so I can do good in school and the other day I got in trouble for doing community service and was late for dinner and got grounded and I didn't have any time to study so I got a very poor grade on the test. The community service was very hard and was way out of my level I was very upset when I couldn't even do what was told and got in trouble for it!

The best time to do community service is when you have the time to maybe on weekends a and days we don't have school. Also maybe having a choice of what we do in are community service last time I had community service I couldn't do it so I took longer and was late for dinner and got in lots of trouble. My parents don't even want me to do community service any more because it takes out to much of my time. That is why we should have community service on weekends when everybody has time to do community service.

I need to study a lot more than usual the state finals are near and I haven't even studied and if i fail my parents will hold me back and I don't want to repeat 8th grade again. the best thing for me is to have community service on weekends in the morning so I can hang out in the after noon with my friends. I have barely gotten any sleep for the past week staying up and studying. I really hope you will give all of the students a break with community service. I have heard kids in the hall crying cause they were so stressed and tired about finals.

That is why I am asking you to give us a break with community service.

All of the students are putting there thoughts into this paper and hoping we can stop community service I really want to get some sleep after I study and have a nice day with school and do good on my testing but it is nearly impossible with community service in the way.

Thank you sincerely STUDENT_NAME