Phones and Driving

Over time we've seen the consequences of phones and driving manifest itself in the form of negative impacts upon the world. Phones have negatively affected our people in ways that we have experienced so much pain through the increase in casualty rate. Although phones have had its positive advantages, phone have also had it's disadvantage. Over time the increase in technological devices has caused many distraction in more ways than science can explain. Moreso we see this change and distraction throughout out cars and times of travel. Because of the way we are so emotionally attached to our phones, we forget the importance of many different situations at hand. However, drivers should not be able to operate their technological devices while in a vehicle.

When the discussion is brought upon among the awareness of phones and driving, people get mad. They get frustrated in a manner that they feel the authority, police, and the people are in fact " doing too much". The vision that the people don't see is the value of their lives and the correlation between that idea and cellphones in use while operating a vehicle. Studies and different statistics have shown the causes of death from the use of cell phones while driving. Within this modern society, different policies and ordinances have been put into place to show the importance of abstaining from the use of cellphones in the vehicles. Not only does using your cellphones in the car out your life in danger, but also the people surrounding you.

The authority and the government needs to make this social issue more aware to the public. The use of cellphones in our vehicles should be prohibited. Too much death and pain has been caused by devices like our cell phones. It is imperative that we make the people more aware on this issue. If we don't take this matter seriously, we will continue to see the negative impact confide within our communitie, nation, and world as a whole. There should be no more talking about the issue and whether or not it should be prohibited. The answer is at hand. Drivers should not be on their devices while operating a vehicle.       