"Alright class now here is where you need to pay attention...," and the screen goes black, not to mention the only thing written in big, bold letters is the word Rebooting, planted right in the center of your once lit up screen. Online classes seem like fun at first, you get to stay home, relax and work at your own pace, until they're not. In fact online classes can bring many issues that can not only affect you majorly in the academic world but also in your mental world. The idea that students can benefit more from taking at home classes is invalid; due to students being at a bigger disadvantage than those at school and the fact that online classes can lead to overall mental health issues.

Although students taking classes at home are in a more comfortable environment than those at school, they're continuously put at a disadvantage from those who are able to receive more help at school. As understanding as it is, wanting to be in a comfortable position while tons of different information is shoved inside your brain, online students find themselves struggling to understand what is being taught to them at least 50% of the time. While students located in schools have the opportunity to ask for assistance in any subject needed by teachers, those at home are not as lucky to have teachers at home who take the time to slowly break down information for students until it fits their understanding. Struggles in comprehending subjects leads to overall, no further progress for online students who than must try and catch up to those already a subject ahead of them. Another disadvantage for students at home is the fact that they dont receive as much mental support as those in schools. For example, teachers motivate students to complete work continuously, or to do well in classes and tests all the time; students at home don't receive that support which means they dont feel motivated enough to pass tests or complete work, which than leads to failing grades and failure to turn in work. In my school my English teacher tells us a phrase that not only motivates me everyday, but encourages the idea that its okay to fail because you just have fight harder to pass in the next attempt. Or as she says," the first step of passing is to fail," thats the type of motivation that kids at home need. Though staying home while receiving an education sounds fantastic, understanding that a student will always be at a disadvantage from those at school is not, because wanting to be comfortable is not a good enough reason for falling behind.

Additionally, students taking at home classes can also be at risk of suffering through many mental health issues in the future. Normally,

when a student struggles to comprehend materials they tend to get very frustrated with not only themselves but with everything around them. Later on those frustrations turn into big ball of stress. The Stress of falling behind, stress of trying to catch up, and finally, stress of not being able to understand. Eventually, that frustration and that stress, just keep building up until, one day, one just can't take it anymore,and they pop. While being in that terrible phase the anxiety monster finds that moment of weakness as an opportunity and decides to take over the students subconscious, all because at home students, as previously stated, have harder times comprehending subjects than those at school. So, we have anxiety, we got frustration, and we have some stress going around,that should be it right? Wrong, because theres is one more mental health issue that at home students are at risk of getting that not only controls a small part of the body but at least the majority of it. Ladies and gentleman, please welcome Mr. Depression to the list of mental health issues to the table. Although depression seems unlikely for students at school to get, it is actually very possible for those students at home to obtain. In school many students go through many interactions daily; whether it be talking to friends at lunch, or talking to a teacher for help, even talking to the principle when your in trouble is a daily interaction that school students go through. on the other hand,

students at home dont have many interactions daily as those in school, they dont have friends to sit with at lunch or teachers to help them with work or even a principle to yell at them when they break dress code, it's just them. Eventually they will start feeling that emotion of isolation and once its there it wont go away, than that feeling of being alone well become permanent and the depression beings. Overall students at home are at bigger risk of going through many mental health issues than those in school.

However, objectors may argue that at home education encourages students to take on, and later gain, more responsibility. At home education allows students to do work at their own pace, but the student must be responsible enough to work as hard as ever to make progress. Another way students at home have more responsibility is because, if they dont understand subjects fully, it is up to them and only them to look up additional information to help them get that full comprehension. Additionally, they must stay on top of classes and work by their own will, because nobody will be there to push them to do their work besides themselves. Although at home classes can bring upon many issues for a student. they do have the opportunity to gain much responsibility, and eventually, mature.

In conclusion online classes may seem like a good idea at first, but can later be the worst decision you could ever make. online classes bring many disadvantages towards students both phiscally and mentally. They also bring on many mental health issues like stress and depression. Overall, the idea that students benefit more from taking online classes is false because, they bring students to a bigger disadvantage and the affect scholars with many mental health issues in later life.