Your friend's advice is helpful, but others can be too! It doesn't hurt to hear different thoughts from people. The more advice you have is better. Seeing that others have succeeded is people great to ask! You can make good choices than ever and be successful too. Seeking for multiple opinions is helpful because it can show stronger opinions, you can have multiple ideas, and find new advice.

Since you are hearing more than one opinion, you can see which option would be stronger. People may have shared the same ideas, but that can mean that others are using the same advice a lot too. It's probably the most helpful to use! Usually the more people that follow the advice, you can know that it's trustworthy. For example, I have a lot of friends that shared the same advice to me. My friends all have succeeded well. I now know the advice that they've given me is helpful, since they all were successful. Hearing same ideas from people can be a strong opinion that is useful.

Having more ideas is helpful. The less ideas you have, you can run out of thoughts easily. Running out of advice to use can lead your mind blank. You won't be able to focus well, due to you trying to think of a new idea. Let's say someone gave you an advice that isn't helpful. Well, you have plenty to follow if you had lots of advice given. The more advice you have, is better since you have many ideas on your head. You will be less able to lose your track of thoughts.

You can find new advice. You never head of it, but it's always good to try something new. Most of the times, new advice can be helpful. You can share the advice to others for them to follow. If it lead you to success, it can lead them too! It starts a repeating cycle of people sharing new advice to each other. I was once given an advice that no one else ever told me. I stated using the advice and I did well! I recommended it to others, and they did just as good as I did. Give it a try! Something that others didn't share, doesn't mean the person's advice for you is useless. It could be the most helpful advice given to you!

Hearing multiple opinions from each other is useful because it can show stronger opinions, having more than one idea, and you can find new helpful advice. It really helps for you to hear different perspectives from everyone. It shows what can lead them to success. The advice they gave you can end up you being successful too! You can share advice given for you to others as well. Everyone can make a good choice to be better in life if we help each other out!