When was the last time you drove a car? Studies have shown that the amount that people have driven over the last couple of years has gone down. There are lots of advantages to limiting car usage. Some of them include: less gas emmisions, emptier and safer streets, and new innovations to compensate for the reduction of car usage. Plenty of cities around the world have attempted limiting car usage.

To start off, if citizens limit their car usage, there would be less gas emissions. But, unfortunately there are still plenty of greenhouse gas emissions. Transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants. There are other options to do instead of driving, you could skate, bike, walk, or etc. The gas emissions are a huge problem in today's society and we have to change something about the way we live. For example, in Bogota, Columbia, they have a car-free day once a year.  This reduces the smog that is kept in the air from the gas emissions.

Continuing on, if citizens limit their car usage, we would have safer streets for sure. With less cars driving up and down the street, kids can feel free to play in the street without having to worry about a reckless driver coming down and mowing them all down. Even suburban planners in the US are trying to create "car reduced" communities. Instead of using cars, public transportation is becoming the new thing.

Lastly, with people not using cars to get everywhere, some innovations would be made. Side walks would be reconstructed, less rush-hour traffic, new restaraunts and shopping districts within walking distance, and parks and sport centers would blossom. In Bogota, all of those have blossomed since they have started it back in the mid-90s. With the end of car culture also, new innovations have to spring up.

To close out, cars are being used less and less. And they should be because they cause gas emissions, unsafe streets, and bad construction. But, we are slowly moving away from that culture and who knows what into!    