In the modern age, computers are becoming more and more common in a household. In order to adapt, schools are now offering "distance learning"; learning that is tailored to ones needs through the usage of video conferencing and online courses. I believe distance learning would benefit students immensely, as it allows the student to focus on their schoolwork in the comfort of their own home, it is a cheaper alternative for both the school and the student, and it would save valuable time for the student.

Distance learning, as the name suggests, is done from a distance. The student learns from the comfort of their home, and benefits from personalized time with a teacher. When at school, students are distracted with other items such as friends, activities, and perhaps even relationships. When in the comfort of their own home, however, they they can easily focus on their schoolwork with no distractions present. Since there are no other students present, students can benefit from personalized time with a teacher; the teacher has no other students except that one student. Video conferencing benefits the student immensely, because, when in the comfort of their home, they can converse with the teacher and have an easier learning experience.

Distance learning is also cheaper; rather than have the county spend money on gas for transportation for the student, or have the teachers spend money on books and other classroom items, schools can save that money with distance learning. It is a cheaper alternative, not just for the school, but for the student as well. The student would not have to spend money on textbooks; everything would be online. Distance learning is a cheaper alternative for everybody, and would benefit both parties; not just one. By attending classes from home, the student will be able to learn more effectively and for less money.

Distance learning saves time; rather than having to wake up at some cursed time, rushing to catch the bus, and hopping on at the last minute, you can hop out of bed and onto your computer. Distance learning saves time for the student, as it gets rid of the need to go the distance to learn; rather, distance learning offers the student the opportunity to learn from a distance, ensuring that distance should not have an effect on the student's learning. Distance learning also offers the teachers the chance to save time. The teachers, rather than going to school, can also stay at home and conference with the student. This eliminates the need to go to a physical place; it saves tons of time. Distance learning not only saves time for the student, but for the teachers as well.

It can be said, without a doubt, that distance learning is very beneficial to the student. Students get to learn from the comfort of their own home, they save money, and they save time. There are no needless distractions, nor is there any extra costs concerning them. Distance learning would benefit many students, as it allows them to have a personalized learning experience; a one-on-one with the teachers. In the future, distance learning should be offered at schools everywhere, as it will bring a new age in America that will ultimately benefit the youth of our nation. 