Distance learing is a great option for students. It benefits students who prefer to work from home when a physical public school is a difficult option for them. Its a great option for students who have a hard time staying focused in school enviroments, suffer with a disability, or students who overall want a 'stright to the point' education. Online education is a great option and should be offered at more school disticts.

Public school is a very distractive enviroment. Most students have a hard time staying focused with all the extra distractions like bullying, drama, and relationships. Thoughout my time in public school, I have often refused to go to school for a period of time because of these distractions. We are often getting told " You come to school to learn' or "dont care what your peers think". It is unrealistic to put children and teens in a building for almost 7 hours a day and expect them to focus stricly in school and not build friendships or drama with other children.

Online school is also a great option for students who stuffer with a disabiltiy. Not every child is fortunate enough to be going to school everyday for something beyond there control. Some children may have a serious disease that causes them to be in the hosbital or at home for a long period of time. Others might be suffering with depression, issues at home, or even a death in the family. Online school should be an open option for them because life is not fair to everyone. These events should not stop a student from reciving their education.

Lastly, Some students would want a "stright to the point education". We often have teachers who get of topic and waste a lot of time in a unit. Teachers always stop the lesson over a child who misbehaves and keeps the whole class behind. They often slow down or go to fast to keep everyone a the same pace. It would be more benefitial have an education that goes in our own pace and not of the other students. We all learn at different paces and not all students learn the same. 13 years is way to long to learn basic education. Much of the material we learn in school is basically the same thing but slightly more materal added. For example, My core classes except math has not really changed much since the 8th grade and we learn the same things every year. This is especialy true in my english classes because I havent noticed anything new in the rubic since middle school.

Overall distance school is a great option for students and has many benefits. It helps many students when public education is difficult for them. I hope that in the future, online schooling will be more accesable and a easier option for students.