Cars can have a really bad effect on society. It can cause stress, car accidents, and money issues. Limiting cars has alot of advantages, it's a stress reliever, no car accients or worrying about how your gonna have to pay your car insurance.

In Vauban, Germany residents are living without cars. One women Heidrun Walter, a mother of two, explains how she is much happier without her car.  57 percent of people have moved to the community when they heard about the community. It is said to be called smart planning. Cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50 percent in the U.S.. You don't have to worry about how your going to make it to your favorite store or market without a car because stores are places a walk away, on main street. The Enviormental Protection Agency is promoting car educed communities and legislators are starting to act.

Paris enforced a limiting driving ban to clear the air of the global city. Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France just after five days. France enacted a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline.

Bogota, Colombia created a program called the car-free day. Powerful people from other countries camre to Bogota to see the mindblowing event. Parks and sports center have been createdbecause of this event.

In the U.S. Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting feweer licenses as each year goes by. Rates of car ownership per household and per person strted to come down two to three years befpre the downturn. Teens are starting to organize their life around when they can walk, take public transportation or car-pool.

If we were to limit car usuage will the enviroment get better or stay the same? Nobody is saying to get rid of all cars, people are just saying that we can limit the amount of cars we use or the amount of time we  spend driving them. Limiting car usuage is a very big step in a revolutionary change and also has alot of advantages to them.                                    