Could the new technology called "Facial Action Coding System" enable computers to indentify human emotions? Yes, the new techonology could enable the computers ability to detect a haumans emotions to help in the school enviroment.

The professors Thomas Huang and nicu Sebe who are experts at developing better ways for humans and computers to communiacte are trying to find that a 3-D computer contructs how we feel. To help the professors Huang relies on a psychologist

Dr. Paul Eckman creates the system. Emotions that could be detected are the six basic emotions that are associated with each characteristic of movements in the facial muscles are happyiness,anger, surprise,disgust,fear, and sadness. All those emotions can make you have you face a certain way. For example when you are really surprised your mouth could drop wide open and your eyebrows could raise. With the new technology using

"video imagery" tracks the movement of a real or painted face by looking at the different units indentifying mixed emotions. By helping identify Huang observes that da Vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles to clearly state specific emotions. on the computer it stores similar anatomical info as a code (Da Vinci Code). If you were at school and so seem to be bored, confused, or excited and the computers webcam looking at you and it changes what you are doing, or it helps you all by the look on your face. That could help students get engaged into theri school work. For that to work the new technology Huang states that " Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication, So computers need to understand that, to." if the computer undersatnds how you feel without taling to it, it could help a lot on how student feel about their assignments.

In conclusion, new technology could have a positive feedback on how student perform on there school work. The professors and the psychologist could be making a great new technology to help the performance of students. Allowing a computer to have "Facial Action Cosing System" could help teachers and students out at school.  