Cars are very important to the life of a modern person. The car gets you where you need to go in the time that you want to go in. There are ways to limit car usage and still get your transportation to where you need to go. There are some advantages to not using cars all the time. One advantage is that if we stop using cars, then pollution will drop drastically. Another advantage to us not using cars is that we get plenty of excercise while we do other things than just sit in our cars.

Paris, France. Known for being the city of love, but doesn't have a certain love for cars. They banned car usage after days of near-record pollution(source 2 paragraph 10). In order to make sure that the residents don't use their cars still the placed a 22-euro fine ($31) for anyone still driving(source 2 paragraph 11). After only just  a few days, congestion was down almost 60 percent in the capital of France( source 2 paragraph 14). In the United States, most kids these days aren't driving as much as they used to. They are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses each year( source 4 paragraph 29). If this keeps up, then alot of sociologist think that this will have a huge effect on the environmet, which will lead to the end of pollution problems(source 4 paragraph 34). This advantage of having less car usage will not only help the earth, but it also will help the things on the earth including us humans and animals.

The final advantage that limiting car usage is that we will have plenty of excercise. A mother of two that had a car but the sold it in Germany said " When i had a car I was always tense, I'm much happier this way"(source 1 paragraph 3). She usually walks down the street to and from wherever she goes. Excercising is great for your health and you can just start by walking, biking, skating, roller blading and many more ways to get to where you need to go. In Bogota, Columbia millions of people hiked , biked, skated, or took buses to work (source 3 paragraph 20). "It's good oppurtunity to take away stress..." (source 3 paragraph 24) said businessman Carlos Artura Plaze when he was asked about the banning of cars for the third straight year in Germany( source 3 paragraph 24). Stress isn't good for your health and excercising is great on removing that stress from your body. Excersisng is a great advantage to limited car usage because you reduce stress, work out, and feel better all while you get to where you need to go at the same time.

The advantages that everyone gets from limited car usage is that the pollution will go down, and you get better excercise. If pollution goes down then you will have a better earth for everyone to enjoy, but you can't enjoy the earth if it's congested with polutted air. You also get great excercise when you walk, bike, skate to wherever you need to go instead of sitting in a car to go to your destination. These are only some of the advantages that you get when you choose to limit your car usage, but there are plenty more that you will experience as soon as you limit the usage of cars.    