Would students enjoy taking school from the comfort of their home? In many way this could help students, teachers, and parent. But there are some thing we need to set straight about this topic. Like, how would the the class setup would be? What time would class start? Would the schools provide students with a laptop if they didn't have one and their parent couldn't afford one.

Firstly, some way this could help is students could wake up later in the day. This could mean that students would have better test grades and we know that schools would love that. But this might always be the case. Students may have jobs and miss some of the classwork. Would there be a way student could go to a recorded video of the teachers lesson. this for students may become a necessary for passing the class,

Secondly, way teachers could use this online course is endless. Ways this can help teachers is grading the work of the students. Meaning that the teacher has more time to make better lesson for the weeks ahead. This can also give teachers more time to themselves and family. This means that teacher will be more relaxed and ready for the online class. In overall the teachers will have more subjected lesson on a core lessons for the class.

Thirdly, ways it could help parents is that they can have better overview of there child. Making sure the child does an passes. In the long run this will help the students as well as the parents. Other ways it can help parents is that they won't have to worry if the child caught the bus. Meaning that the parents can go to work and know that there child is getting his or her work done correctly. The parent can have peace of mind for the day.

Lastly, some ways it could be negative is that students may cheat. Others ways would be if it was a live chat and one of the students were to be eating. The teachers could not stop it if it was interrupting the lesson. If the students didn't have laptop or a tablet would the schools be able to buy them or rent them out to the students for use. Others problems for my school and others is if the students don't have wifi in the home would school have to buy this for the students aswell. So i ask you with all this information would students like online class? I'd say yes.