Many people have the debate on if students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Being able to attend classes from home can cause a lack of things needed for the outside world but can also give students an opportunity to learn in ways they can't at school. Attending classes at school can be distracting and not a great workplace for some students but can also open students to be more socializing and prepare them for the future. Both of these situations has reasons that are positive and negative. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they can get more rest, move at their own pace, and can focus better.

Students should be eligible to attend classes from home because they can get more rest. Students get up as early as 6 a. m. to make it to school in time, which deducts the time of sleeping and can cause your thinking to slow down. For example, Generic_School bell rings at 8:20 a. m., but students catch the bus around 7:30 a. m., meaning they will have to wake up earlier to make it. Not getting enough sleep can cause students to fall asleep in class. If that occurs, it can cause missing instruction time and affect final grades. Getting the right amount of sleep also affects your health. If students were able to take classes at home they could possibly complete it in the afternoon and have more time to rest in the morning. Getting the correct amount of sleep is one of the most important factors in order to be able to function through out the day.

If students could attend classes from home they could complete work at their own pace. Most assignments are to be completed in a class block, some students can't move that fast. Sometimes students turn in incomplete work because it had to be done within a short period of time and they end up with a bad grade. Everybody prefers a different way of learning or getting things done. With that being said, working at your own pace can help you discover your way of working. A lot of pressure can be put on students because they are being rushed to complete work. For example, my english teacher assigns more than one assignment at a time and they were due in the same day and if they weren't complete they would be automatic zeros, that caused us to hurry and complete the work before the block was over. Being able to work at your own pace can affect you positively in many ways.

Some people may argue that students wouldn't benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Not going to school can decrease your chance of adjusting to the public. If students are at home all day, they wont be used to being around strangers and you will have to get used to that in order to survive in the world. Going to school can also increase your social skills. In life your going to have to socialize a lot, without having those skills it may be hard for you to be successful. On the other hand, in school you dont really get a choice of where you can complete your work, and the class you're in can be distracting. So, taking classes at home can be an better environment for you to focus.

In conclusion, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they can get more rest, move at their own pace, and can focus better. Working at home can benefit you personally much more than working at school. Although their may be negative ways that it doesn't benefit you, it still is a good idea because of how many positive ways. Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes form home?