"Why Driveless Cars Are Not Safe?"

I believe that driveless cars should not be developed because these cars are not safe, they're not developed completely, and if the driver is not taking caution it can cause harm to other.

My first reason why I believe that driveless cars should not be developed is that they are not safe because sometimes it requires human skills when going through work zones or accidents. If the driver is not alert and is sleeping and the driveless cars notices a work zone or accident the driver is not going to know. Right now the traffic laws have written that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. Driveless cars are illegal in most states because of safety precautions. Even if they were legal the trafic laws would have to make new laws to cover liability in care of accidents.

My second reason why I believe that driveless cars should not be developed is that driveless cars are not developed completely. The car driveless car can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but alll driveless cars are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead of them requires human skills. Since they arent not developed completely the driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when they there is a situation that requires human skills. The cars can be driven more than half a million miles without crashing, but the Google cars are really driveless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or with complicated traffic issues.

Finally, my third reason why I believe that driveless cars should not be developed is that if the driver is not taking caution they could cause harm to other people. If the driver sleeping and not paying attention to the road even though it is a driveless car it could cause harm to the driver and other people. Since the driveless cars are not fully developed the driver has to make sure that they are staying alert. Even though it might have a sensor in the car what if it sensor fails then how will the driver be alert that a traffic situation is ahead. Right now the traffic laws say the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. Also driveless cars are illegal in most states and its also illegal even to test computer driven cars.

These are the reason why I believe that driveless cars are not to developed because they are not safe, they are not developed completely, and if the driver is not taking caution they could cause harm to other people.