The electoral college is a bad thing for the United States of America and should be taken down because the electoral college is done by electors instead of the people of America. This is a bad thing because basically the popular vote done by the citizens of America don't count for anything if the loser wins the electoral votes. In the year 2000 Al Gore won the popular vote against George Bush but even though the people wanted him to be the next president Bush won the electoral votes and became U.S. president instead of Gore.

Bradford Plumer wrote that, "Perhaps the most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown to the House of Represinitives, where state delegations vote on the president (The Sentate would choose the vice-president.) Because each state cast only one vote Wyoming, represinting 500,000 voters would have as much say as the 55 reprisinatives from California, who represent 35 million voters.  Given that that many voters vote one part for the president and another for Congress, the House's selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people. And if an electoral tie seems unlikely, consider this: In 1968, a shift of just 41,971 votes would have deadlocked the election;  in 1976, a tie would have occured if a mere 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 voters in Hawaii had voted the other way. The election is only a few swing votes away from catastrophe.

A counterclaim for the argument made by Bradford Plumer would by written by Richard A. Posner. Posner says, "It can be argued that the Electoral College method of selectiong the president may turn off potential voters for a canidate who has no hope of carrying their state -Democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California. Knowing that their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by the popular vote.... But of course no voter's vote swings the national election and in spite of that, about one-half of the eligible American population did vote in 2012's election. Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people think that a single vote may decide an election...."

This quote from Posner means that less and less people are voting because they know that their vote doesn't count for as much as it should.    