When people are seeking advice they usually ask more than one person for help. This can help you in many ways, for example, you might not like what the first person you ask tells you, or, for the best advice you can put all of the advice you got together. There are alot more reasons, but in my opinion, these are the most important.

In my opinion, one of the main reasons to ask more than one person for advice is to get more opinions. If you don't like what the first person you ask tells you, you can ask another person and get thier opinion. Let's say you ask your mom what color shirt you should get for the first day of school. She tells you she thinks a blue shirt would look good, but you aren't sure if you agree with her. So, you go and ask your dad, he says that he thinks an orange shirt would look good. You agree with him more. But if you didnt ask for more than one opinion you wouldn't have heard what your dad thinks. This can happen with little things like what color shirt to wear, or big things like where you should go for college.

Another reason asking multiple people for advice is helpful is, you can make the best decision for yourself, not just an ok, or good decision. For example, you don't know what you should be when you grow up, so you ask your friends and family. One of your friends tells you you should be a singer becasue you are good at it. Another friend tells you you should be a dancer because you are also good at dancing. So, now you don't know what to do. You go and ask your mom, and she says being a dancer would be good because you enjoy it so much. Then, your grandma tells you that being a dancer would have alot of job opportunities. Now, putting what your friend, mom, and grandma says together, you want to be a dancer. If you just thought about what they said individually then you might think about being a singer and not knowing what to pick. But since you thought of all of the opinions that you got, dancing is the best option.

When you ask someone for advice, you expect them to tell you what they think is the best for you. Well, not everyone will tell you the best thing to do. If you ask a random person in school for advice, they aren't going to care if you do the right or wrong thing, or if you do the best thing or the worst thing for you. They might even tell you something bad on purpose. Whereas, if you ask your bestfriend, they will tell you what they think is the best for you. They want what is best for you, and they will tell you the right thing. So, if the first person you asks tells you to do something wrong, you can go and ask a second person who will hopefully give you good advice.

Getting several peoples' opinion can help make a better choice because, you might agree with some more than others, you can put all the advice you get together, and some people might not always tell you what they think is the best option. In conclusion, asking more people for advice and getting more opinions is better than just asking on eperson for advice.