Have you ever come home from a rough day at school and just wished you had something to do that would take your mind off of your stress? Many students deal with this problem on a daily basis, and there's a way to fix it. Extracurriculars for students should be required in schools because they help reduce stress, improve time management, and look really impressive when applying for schools.

Extracurriculars are an amazing way to help reduce stress for students by taking their mind away from their problems. Students often get overloaded with schoolwork and it can cause many problems emotionally and mentally. Recent studies have shown that kids who don't take sports or music outside of school are more likely to get depression or anxiety. If extracurriculars in schools were mandatory, less kids would get overwhelmed by stress.

Not only do extracurriculars help reduce stress in students, but they also help improve time management skills. Time management is a very important skill for kids not only in school but also for their lives in the future, and extracurriculars are a great way to teach them. When students have school on top of sports and other activities, they have less time to get everything done during the day. This causes students to learn ways to get their work done as soon as possible and fit everything into a small amount of time. Students with good time management skills tend to perform better in school because they never procrastinate on studying or homework. Many studies have been done on students who take extracurriculars compared to students who don't, and the results have shown that most students with extracurriculars have higher grades. If more kids took extracurriculars outside of school, they would improve their grades as a result of improving their time management skills.

When applying for colleges there's one thing that's really appealing about an applicant, and that's their extracurriculars. When a student takes multiple extracurriculars outside of school, it makes them look very skilled compared to other applicants. This can boost up a student's possibility of getting accepted into the school they apply for. Studies on colleges and their acceptance rates have proven that kids who were involved in more activities were accepted over students who weren't. The more skills you have, the better you look compared to someone who doesn't have as many. If schools required their kids to take extracurriculars, larger amounts of their students would get accepted into colleges.

Obviously, it would be very beneficial for schools to require their students to be involved in extracurriculars. Students would be less stressed, better at managing their time, and have a higher chance of getting into college. Extracurriculars are a great way to improve a student's life, and every student should want to make their life as amazing as possible.               