Many people decide to take classes from home, in my opinion this should not be available for everyone. I believe that people should not be allowed to take their courses from home because they do not have much physical interaction with other people, and they do not have any type of influence ,they do not have the proper environment to study and focus at home, and people can also cheat if they are at home and giving their test.

When you are at home the whole day and are taking classes online you are not able to make any physical interaction with other people and when you are not interacting with other people you feel alone and you start to stress about things and you think that you do not have anyone to talk to about your issues which increases your stress level. By making physical interactions with people you are able to make bonds with other people and if you are in any type of situation you know that your friends will always have your back and that you can trust them, and also let them know that if they are in a situation in which they do not know what to do you are always there for them and will always try your best to help them. When you are at school you can also influence people in a good way and if you know that someone is doing something that they are not supposed to do, you can help them solve their issue or show them the right way to do the same thing and guide them to the right path. For example: If you know that someone in your group of friends vapes or smokes, you and your group of friends should tell him/her that it is not right to do that and tell them the consequences of doing that action. If all of you try hard to make that person stop doing something he/ she may listen. In this way you can influence people in a good way.

When you are at home and are taking courses online you do not have the proper environment to study and focus because when you are at home, which for most people is the place where you got to relax, your mind knows that that specific place is for you to rest so it will think that you need to rest and will not work the way it would work at school because at school you know that you went there to study and to learn something. On the other hand, when you are at home you have many types of distractions for example when you are at home your Dad calls you to help him with something or your mom calls you to tell you something or if one of your younger sibling needs help in their homework. You have to do your work but you also have to listen to your parents. So you are not able to stay focused and maybe after listening to everyone you forgot what you learned because you had to leave it half way and you were not able to learn the whole topic.

Another problem that I have heard about from several people is that when you are at home and are taking a test or an exam you can cheat. When you cheat you may get a good grade but you will not have the knowledge which in long term can harm your career. For example: You are giving a final test for Spanish. You have to speak the language and you search the translation and read it off Google. You cheated on the test and got a 90%, you passed the test but you do not know how to speak that language. Now you have a degree which says that you passed your language with 90%. You go to a collage and a teacher sees your high school degree and starts talking in Spanish, but you cheated and do not really know how to speak Spanish. Now you are speechless and have nothing to say and you get rejected from the collage. In this way it also armed your practical life.

Some people may say that there are also some people that are not able to come to school because of some specific reason or some people are influenced in a bad way at school. But that does not apply to everyone, everyone is not in bad influence and if you are good yourself you would not let anyone lead you to the wrong way. The people who say that some people are not able to come to school because of some specific reason, that does not apply on everyone. The school or the programs that provides home classes to students should take proof and solid reasoning for not coming to school and if they get proof that a student can not come to school only then allow them to take classes from home. 