I completely disagree that all students should have to participate in extracurricular activities. Students should always have the choice of whether or not they want to participate in school activities. Some students have other things to do, or may have something going on at home. Extracurricular activities take time away from students and teachers who have to organize them. Students should not have to participate in extracurricular activities, such activities bring stress to students, take time away from teachers and students, and if students were to stay for these activities they might not have transportation to and from the school.

Extracurricular activities bring unwanted stress to students, teachers, and their families. Students who have other activities, for example: sports, work, or being responsible for someone, etc..., these students don't have time for in school activities when they have out of school responsibilities. Students will then have to worry about doing in school activities, while trying to make time for out of school activities, this brings to much stress on students. Teachers also gain additional stress with these activities. Teachers who organize such activities will have to make plans and lessons, which will take away time from getting ready to teach required curriculum to your students. If a family has plans or an appointment, such plans could have to be rearranged because of extracurricular activities. Extracurricular activities bring to much stress on students, teachers, and their families.

Extracurricular activities take a lot of time away from teachers and students. Students have an enormous amount of things that go on in their day. Students barely have time away from school in a day. When a student comes home from school they have a list of things to do, for example: homework, study, eat dinner, out of school activities, and sleep. After a student were to do an extracurricular activity, he or she would be to tired to do anything else. These activities can take away from a students family time and social time. These activities also bring negatives to teachers. Teachers get to school very early and leave very late, they have to prepare the next lesson and attend to whatever else they have to do at home. Extracurricular activities are time consuming and have a negative affect on teachers and students.

Transportation, transportation is probably the most important reason why students should not have to do extracurricular activities. Transportation is key, this is how you arrive to the activity and depart from the activity. If a students normal way of getting to and back from school is the bus, then the student will not have a ride. This will force the student to carpool with a friend, go to daycare, or the students parent will have to cut work hours. These activities can cut into a parents jobs, which could cause the parent to lose the job or lose money. Transportation is not available for some students, which is why required extracurricular activities are a bad idea.

In conclusion I believe required extracurricular activities are a bad idea. These activities bring stress. They take time away from everyone involved. Most importantly they can cut in to your parents jobs, because of transportation. These activities cause more negatives, then positives. Required extracurricular activies are not a good addition to any school. My position is negative.