Fellow Citizens, there are many reasons why limiting car usgage has outstanding oppritunities and advantages.

For an example, If there aren't people out there spending their hard earned money that they worked for, for an expensive car that they are just going to use to get to someplace faster when they could just stop being lazy for once and walk or run, ride bikes, hike, or take a bus, instead of spending money after money to fill a car up to just waste gas, and to fill it up again. Running, riding bikes, hiking, etc. gives you a chance to experience reality. Being outside gives people a chance to see the earths real beauty, and to smell the fresh air. Limiting car usage helps people stay in shape and keeps them healthy if their not just sitting in a car for half a hour when they could be running or walking.

Residents in Vauban, Germany are permitted car ownership, but there are only two places to park : large garages at the edge of the development, where a car-owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home. About 70 percent of Vauban's families do not iwn cars, an about 57 percent sold a car to move there. Having a car makes peoples tense, and being in a place where there isnt alot of car usgae makes people much happier. People who live in places where cars arent used as oftn as other states, those towns place stores in walking distance, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway.

An amazing advantage that people can can from limiting the usage of cars is less drunk drivers, or even none. If there's less drunk drivers, there's less car crashes and less deaths. Everyone understands that you have to be 21 or older in most states to drink alcoholic beverages. The big adavntage out of this is, if older people were to get drunk, they would be forced to call a cab, or even walk home. Their not putting noone else's life in danger, and this would lower the crashes and death fatalities per year.

As as many cars that there is in the world, all the use of them would probably pollute the world. Paris enforce a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city after days of the near-record pollution.

Limiting car usage gives you the oppritunity to be with your family and friends and spend more time with them then you normally would having a car. You can walk and talk with them on the way to work, you can stop by the park and have some fun on your way to the grocery store. The best part about this is, you dont have to worry about the roads being busy. You ca walk, run, hike, and bike without having to hear the noisy streets, the honking, the screeching, etc.

What's the point in having a car that your just going to be wasting money on, when running, walking or riding a bike is free and even cheaper and safer than driving a car. What are you gonna do when your car breaks down? Are you gonna keep spending your money on when it keeps breaking? Why do that when you have two perfectly good and healthy legs and you can run or walk somewhere?

Just take a moment to think about the fines every single person breathing in the world has received? Alot of money wasted on something idiotic huh? just imagine if every state, continents, islands, and places we dont know about all stopped using cars, or even just limited the car usage. We'd be saving a whole ton of money, we'd basically all be middle classes.

This whole situation is a win-win, You get to be with your family 24/7, Running, walking, biking, hiking etc. is all an amazing way to keep people healthy. People dont have to worry about drunk drivers, or car crashes, or car fatalities. People can finally stop spending their hard earned money that they're just going keep spending and wasting on gasoline or to fix your car when its having problems and it breaks. Families can save the money that they would normally be spending on gasoline and start saving for a trip to take their family on to spend more time with them, or to take a trip for yourself.

There are plently more reasons and outstanding advantages that limiting car usage gives you, but these are some of the very best! Just remember, The only good advantages a car can give you is getting you somewhere faster, and keeping you comfortable and safe. But they are also the most danagerous, and expensive things out there. They can take your life or someone elses in an instant, and they can put you in debt quicker than you know! Limitng car usage is for you!    