There are lots of pros and cons when discussing teacher designed summer projects or student designed summer projects.

Some pros of teacher based summer projects would be, there's help whenever its needed, more motive to work harder since the teacher is pushing you.

On the other hand, the cons would be simply paying the teacher a lot of money to work with the student.

One could argue that the teacher would be willing to do it for free, however that is economically irrational we have to assume everyone is rational.

Although having a teacher based summer project would be very assisting to the students, the socially optimal route would be the student based summer project.

In today's society, there's lots of "hand holding" with students and they arent able to adjust to the real world lifestyle as easily as they could be.

Forcing students in the habit of being independent is beneficial because when these students have to go to college and get a real job later in life, they'll be familiar with the situation and they'll know how it feels so that way the amount of stress put on them is minimized.

Kids working student based will also help them not rely on getting help from a teacher all the time and they'll be able to learn material in class with less assistance.

These students will exit the project with more applicable skills that they will carry on for the rest of their lives.

In the aspect of economics, hypothetically if the program is teacher based, then these teachers will need to be compensated for their tutoring.

For every single student to have a teacher beside them would be a lot of money spent by the school.

The argument could be made that the teacher would do it for free, however that is unlikely since they're on summer vacation.

In the long run, the alternative of having the kids do these problems by themselves without teachers is the best route for them to develop in dependency and have the school save some money.

Detoxing and having time off is important for teachers too, not just students.

In the event that a student gets stuck on a question and doesnt know how to solve it, there are solutions.

The student can ask his/her parent to help them or, the teachers that are on summer vacation can make videos of how to solve the problems that are assigned on the project.

If one teacher makes one video that explains everything, then that saves everyone the time and money.

instead of every teacher being assigned to a student and have them work it out, one teacher can make a video that helps all without them even being there!

In conclusion, the student based project would be most beneficial to society in the aspect of economics and independence of the students.

While the students persevere and develop skills of independence, the teachers can enjoy their summer break free of distractions.

The summer assignments all students across America must complete are merely assignments to keep us ready for the school year, therefore teachers dont need to be involved in assignments that arent meant for students to accel in.

The students will return to the classroom far better off with the student based project as opposed to the teacher based project.       