From reading the article, Driverless Cars Are Coming, it is a good idea to have driverless cars. They can really help with the world. It is a great idea to use these new cars because they use less fuel than today's cars, it allows betters response and control than a human, and if there is a problem the car can notify the driver.

Everyday humans use up a lot of gas. The gas that is being use harms the earth and makes it dirty. Using the Driverless car would help the enviorment more in terms of keeping it a clean place to live. In the article it states," The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus." We can save more gas and the enviorment would be cleaner. Everyone wants to live in a clean and healthy enviorment so the driverless car would be a step in the right direction. It will also help with car accidents.

Another way that the smart cars would help out is by causing less accidents. There are far too many car accidents in the world from people who either cannot drive or they dont push the brakes in time. The driverless car controls that. In the article the authors says,"The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine,allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." If the driverless car could respond faster than a person than we should have the driverless cars. It would cause less accidents and more people would survive. The driver would still be in control of the car though.

Lastly, another reason there should be driverless cars is beacuse even if some of the stuff cannot be done by the car, the person driving it can do something too. For example lets saythe driver is driving in a work or school zone and they have to slow down, they can do that without the car doing it. In the article it says,"They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills,such as navigating through work zones and around accidents."

The driver would not have to let the car do all the work. In some cases the driver is going to have to do something and actually drive. The articles says that the car can run 90% on its own. Therefore the other 10% is the driver. The driver is going to have to stay alert and be ready when problems arise.

The driverless car is a fantastic idea and invention to have. The world needs more cars like them so that the world could be a better and more safe place to drive. Having a driverless car that can use less gas, have better response and control,and notify the driver in case of an emergency is a great car to have. The world could do a lot by having it.