The Electoral College makes it so that candidates have a just as fair a chance as the other candidates. In the artical

What is the Electoral College

, it says that, "The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A mojority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President"(1). Two hudrend seventy is over half of 538 therefore giving the candiate presidency. "Your state's entitled allotment of the electors equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation: one for each memebr in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators"(1). This being each state has the same number of senators and one represenative from the House. This seems pretty fair and it lines up with the Electoral College.

While it is true that the Electoral College seems unfair at the most basic level(2), the Electoral College still should not be removed because it keeps the ranks within the elections at peace. Although some may see the Electoral College as unfair, it is just about as fair as popular votes. If the Electoral College were to be abolished then Obama wouldn't have won the Election back in 2012 because the elctions would be based off of popularity and more people were against Obama and wanted a Republican, or Romney.  For example,Obama wouldn't have had as fair of a chance as he did in 2008 if the Elcetoral College would have been abolished within the next four years when he ran again. He probably would have lost in 2012 because he didn't win the popular vote and that is what the country would be going by if the were no more Electoral College. This causes people to think that the Electoral College is unfair because Obama won.

This debate is able to go either way because if winning was based on popularity then one candidate would win but the loosing candidates supporters blaim it on the Electoral College, but on the other hand, if Electoral Colleges were banned, then the another candicate would win and the loosing candidates supporters would blame it on elections being based on popularity vote. It is unfair in the loosing team's side so in other words elections are all unfair. For example, "Back in 1960, segregationist in the Louisiana legistlature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. (So that a popular vote would have not actually gone to Kennedy.)(2)." This shows that people where desperate for wins and were against popular vote.                  