Everyday, citizens drive their vehicles to get to their destination. No one really stops to think how limiting car usage could be good for the enviroment. If citizens limit the amount of times they drive their car, there would be less traffic. There would also be less pollution and less stress for citizens.

Traffic is a growing problem that tends to back up main streets, highways, and even back streets at times. In Bogota, Colombia they have a day devoted entirely to not driving a vehicle unless it is public transportation. "It leaves the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams," as stated in source 3. Limiting car usage could prevent heavy traffic, accidents, and serious collisions.

As fellow citizens, people should want to keep their enviroment pollution free. Pollution and vehicles go hand in hand when it comes to why limiting car usage is a good thing. Source 2 states, " Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five days of intense smog." Smog is just like fog but it is thicker, more dense, and is harder to see through. That comes from the bad fumes that comes from many cars crowding up the streets. Due to the pollution the vehicles caused, no one is able to drive during smog which is why there was no traffic. In Paris, just like Colombia, they have stopped people from driving all the time.

In Germany, many people have given up their cars. The citizens enjoy the stress free lifestyle of not having to drive a vehicle. "When I had a car I was always tense. Im much happier this way," as stated by a mother of two. Limiting your car usage can prevent many stressful things from happening during the day. Public transportion is another way someone can get to where they need to be.

Citizens drive their vehicles everyday without ever thinking of how good limiting car usage could be. The limitation of cars reduces traffic, pollution, and stress throughout the day. Not driving as much gives you a chance to actually stop and "smell the roses." Driving is not always a good idea for people or for the environment around them.                                            