Day after day you do the same thing, nothing new happens and all you do is participate in the classes you have to take.

Well now your your school is allowing you to decide what activities or clubs you want be a part of, they are letting you decide.

I believe students should participate in an extracurricular activity. It will allow students to try something new, expand their opportunities, and meet new people.

You can't live life doing one thing everyday, it's not healthy. If you really like something and you do it everyday that is great, but it just isn't good for your body.

It can affect you mentally and physically.

Everyone must try to exercise all parts of their body and not just one part.

Another reason is that students might be scared or predict they won't like it.

How do they know it will be bad?

I remember my mom made me take a Lego building class in third grade and I thought I was going to hate it, and I did at first.

The reason I did is because I went into that class with the wrong mindset.

I needed to go in with a happier attitude.

So the next time I did and it was actually really fun.

Taking that class help grow my love for engineering.

Now I take a robotics class and plan on pursuing my love of engineering all the way through high school.

Never judge a book by it's cover.

Give something new a try and maybe it will turn out great.

An extracurricular activity will help increase opportunities.

It is not good to just have one skill or practice.

It is cool that someone is really proficient in one area, but jobs want people to be proficient in a lot of areas.

They like people with a variety of skills.

Having that after school activity or even activities will help create new skills.

It is the school giving you a new set of skills.

Also, some people might think that they are going to pursue one topic, but realize they like something else.

My father told me that he wished his middle school had as many extracurricular activities as mine.

It took him all the way up to his junior year of high school to realize he like construction and civil engineering.

Our schools give us so may opportunities and ways to broaden our horizon, so why not take advantage of it.

Extracurricular activities are great ways to meet new people.

In my first year of middle school I participated in a running club.

I liked to run, but I had no idea who was in the club.

To me everyone was complete strangers.

We would do buddy running which is basically where you both run at the exact same pace and push each other to go faster.

My buddy was Generic_Name I didn't even know his name for the first week.

One day I decided to talk to him and we instantly became friends.

After that running became so much easier and we both improved are mile times by a lot.

If I didn't try to talk to Generic_Name that day I would be short one best friend right now.

I am positive that if any student participated in a club they would have to talk to someone new at least once.

And they might find that someone to be the funniest kid ever or the nicest.

They will never know until they join an after school activity.

Students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

It will help to find new career paths and hobbies, increase a persons opportunities, and make new relationships.

If a school is giving you a chance to have all of the thing I have listed, why wouldn't you participate in an after after school club.