You should not text while Driving

Should you be able to use your phone while driving? I say you shouldn't because it can cause some of the scariest moments that you'll ever dreamt of. It will put your life at risk and the passenger's life as well, and You will become a danger to those around while being addictive to your tech especially in the era.

Putting yourself in threat.... was it worth it just think about it? You are literally giving death an option. Regardless of how fast you think you can look at your phone without getting in a car accident, believe it or not it only takes less than five seconds for everything to change. One out of four cars get into an accident and you could be one of them. Over 330,000 accidents are caused by the driver using their phone while driving. I know you don't want to die like that or young when your life is ahead of you, think about your friends and family that care for you. Don't be selfish to them all because you wanted to text and drive because it will kill you.

Not only your putting yourself in harm but you're also placing the passenger life in danger, as matter of fact their lives are just as important as yours, so you shouldn't be careless. Over 37,000 people die in accidents, and which 20% of it were the other people in the car. I am sure that they didn't want to be a part of those database and being in the position to where their life could be end with a terrible outcome. It can cause them to be paralyzed to where they would rather had die in the accident because you the driver decided to not care about the other person in the car. By you not being responsible you took everything away from them. They will never be active how they were before the accident ever again.

Texting while driving has done a lot of damage, it's one of the most dangerous ways to die. Each year over 200,000 had been a car wreck, and that number is slowly inclining. Having teenagers on the road makes it even worse especially in the generation we live in today. Where it's a social media word and everyone is on it nonstop, you can't even leave your phone down for not even five mins. It must stop cause while we are in this era it will only take a huge downturn.

If we keep repeating current actions that makes it so treacherous to drive on the highway. The more people will die and double the accidents will transpire. All lives matter so put the phone down and keep your eye on the target.                 