Fellow citizens, cars have become a major role in our daily lives. They have their many excellent uses, however there are advantages of limiting that usage. To name a few are, that it's enviromentally healthier and it's less money you have to spend on them. Now let me explain why it's a smart choice to take advantage of limited usage of cars.

Paris recently (according to source two article "Paris bans driving due to smog" by Robert Duffer) came up with a brilliant idea of partial driving ban to clear the air of the city. They took days were only even or odd liscense plated cars would drive or they would suffer a fine. However public transit was free throughout the week. This promoted less congestion and smog which is much better for the enviorment by lowering the amount of pollution in the ozone layer. As well as a cheaper way to commute. "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog...rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world". This shows just how out of hand the smog had gotten but with limiting the amount of cars used they managed to clear over half of it! Making the world greener than before.

Meanwhile in places such as Vauban, Germany, the residents went as far as giving up there cars. (according to source one article "In German Suburb, life goes on without cars" By Elisabeth Rosenthal) About 70% of the residents no longer own cars because it's either too expensive to have one on the edge of town and it's generally forbidden in this experiment in the new distirct. They even go as far as to say that it's better without having one. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" said Heidrun Walter,a resident in Vauban according to the article. People in general, especially the younger generations don't use cars or have liscenes in comparison to older people who are more likely to retain their liscenses as the age was shown in research. People now don't care as much as what cars are driven but are more focused to get from point A to point B, it's simply a means of transportation. (In source 4 article "The end of car culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal).

When it comes down to it, cars are transportation, but there are plenty of other means of transport that are free or cheaper such as buses, trains, bikes or even car pooling. While at the same time creating less pollution and congestion, making it enviromentally healthier.                                            