Phones and Driving

Everyday people die because of using their cellphones while driving. According to many articles and actual news articles phones are the top reason that cause car crashes. Study shows that a cell phone puts drivers in a very high risk of a car accident. People tend to use phones while driving to prevent them from being bored and because they want to keep in contact with someone at all times. People need to avoid these habits and stop texting while driving or even putting their phones on a free hand phone stand. It can cause people to be distracted, and in a blink of an eye, anything can happen.

Unfortunately, people use their phone at the wrong time, while they are driving. It is very dangerous and can mess up your life in a blink of an eye. You may think "oh i'll be fine i'm aware of my surroundings" but you never know who is around you and what type of crazy drivers there are on the road. Using a phone makes it harder to focus on the road, according to articles pedestrians pass away because someone made the wrong decision now they will unfortunately have to live with it. A car is not a toy, we have to understand that there is a time a place to use our phones. Most accidents are caused by teens under the age of 21, last year there were about 5,000 accidents mostly caused by teens.

When people are using their phones it's mostly at a traffic stop, they don't end up paying attention so it holds everyone up then others get angry. Phones are a huge distraction it's a habit we all need to break. In this generation they are now making cars that have a screen in the front that looks like a big Ipad, and hand free cars. Just imagine the distraction that will cause and the amount of car accidents as well. Electronics are getting very serious and they tend to be distracted very easily.

Now that we get a clear understanding on what phones can do when we drive and what the effects are. We should start a no phones campaign to reduce the cellphone usage so it can reduce the amount of car accidents. We could give out information that shows people what could happen so they can think twice about texting and driving. And stricter laws should be in place for it. These types of things should be taken very seriously no matter the situation.

In conclusion, texting while driving is a big issue, we are doing it everyday and not realizing how much we are putting our lives in a danger and even the others on the road. Leave the phone alone while you are driving because a text is not worth a life, that text will be there when you get to your destination.   