Do you have a friend that asks questions to about five people and you are wondering why isn he asking just one. If so then these few paragraphs might explain why or most likely reasons why your friend is so interested in multiple peoples opinions. These people could be right to ask so many people because he could want to hear other peoples opinions, he could want to see which one is false and see if both of them certainly agree on one response or he could need help with certain subjects and all of the people specialize in different subjects.

Let us say we have a friend named Generic_Name and he needs support to see which doctor he should go to to get his legs fixed. He could ask one or ask a bunch of friends because they have more experience with those doctors than he does. If they argue that means they are settling their differences like a rainstorm it gets bumpy in the middle but after there is a rainbow. Should Generic_Name pit his friends against another the answer is yes so that you can have a agreed solution. If his friends cannot decide he will go to a unknown doctor so he can recommend his friends not to go or to go to that doctor.

Now Generic_Name is the son of Generic_Name and he needs help on his homework that combines science and math. His dad is great at math but terrible at science while his uncle is great at science but bad at math he could ask one or he could ask them all. He could ask his teachers to help him with his dad and uncle so they can come to an agreement and then tell the others what they think the answer is. There is also a mix between Science and History like the big bang theory or

Alexander Grambell where he used waves to send messages. There are mixes between subjects and just on person that is good at one could not be good enough for this two subject question.

Generic_Name is the son of Generic_Name now and he wants to make sure that his classwork is good he could ask the teacher or get eight people. Then once gathered they will discuss their answers and theories that they have discussed until they see an error. People make mistakes all the time and that is why we are humans we make errors and then settle our differences. Although it is not appropriate to do that in school or in a test but if it supposed to be in a group then I recommend you get in the group. Most jobs would like you to be correct so going around coworkers dorms and asking this is OK so you can be sure that is correct.

It is OK to ask for multiple people at a time if it is not a ridiculous question that a first grader can do alone without a doubt. Although if it is a question you are stump on then that is OK just remember the more the merrier so do it with a group. There are also focus groups and juries that have to settle their differences and make it a anonymous decision.