After reading the article "Unmasked the Face of Mars" I believe that these are just natural formed lanforms. One reason is because this face has many similar characteristics to landforms found in the west. Secondly, because the the pciture only show a natural land form after all. Lastly becuase because we have no affical proof that this was once a alien civilization.

One reason I believe that this is simply a natrual landform because of the many simularities it has with many of the landfroms in the west. In paragraph (12) it states that "What the picture actually show is the Martian equivalnt of a butte or mesa land forms common arounf the American west. Also it states in the same paragraph that " Thats a lava dome that takes the form of a isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on mars."

Another reason that this text has caused me to belive that all the face is , is natural landform because when many people obeserved tha photo many belived that is was a natrual landform after all. In paragraph (7) " Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting for when the image first appeared on JPLweb sie revealing ....... a natural lanform. There was no signifigance of an alien mounument after all. Also earlier in the article in paragrph (2) it state that "Sientists figured it was another martian mesa, common enough around Cyndonia. Only this one had unusal shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharoh.

The third and finale reason why I believe that this is just a natural land form is beause NASA has simply no proof that this could possibly that there could have been once a alien civilization one Mars (Cydonia). In paragraph ( 2 ) "Scientists figured out that is was only a common martian mesa, it was only the unusal shadow to make it look like a Egyptian Pharoh. Also on paragraphs (10) though(12) it states that the weather was clear and all they had found was that they had no signifagance to proof of an alien civilization on mars only to have simular characteristics of natural landforms quiet like the ones on earth.

On the other hand maybe its not a natural landform maybe some people may be right it could be some type of alien landform.

NASA could have done somthing to the pictures to mess with the hopefulls. In paragraph (8) states that " The camera on board the MGS had to peer through the whispy coulds to see that face. Perhaps, siad skeptics , alien markings were hidden by haze. But this has no relevance because on there clear weather second attempt of getting a photo , they figured out i was just a natural landform becuase of the fact that in this photo it clearly dipicked that it had many of the same characteristics of natural landforms in the American west. This proves even though that that could have been a civilization it shows that it was only a landform.

In conclusion, all the Face of Mars is a natural landform because they didnt have any proof that this was an alien civilization. It had many of the same characteristics of many natural landforms in the American West and that it much of the research they had still proved that it was a natural landfrom because of there findings.  