Sometimes things need to change but not in this case. Im in favor of keeping the Electoral College, normally in situations like this you have to choose one way or the other. Not with this, the electoral college is a compromise between election of the president by vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote as stated in Source one. I know that wasnt enough to convince you so let me explain my reasons why i think we should keep the electoral college. My reasons are certainty of outcome and it can avoid run-off elections.

To begin I think that we should keep the Electoral College because it gives us certainty of an outcome. One of the reasons why this is possible is because there is a total of five hundered and thirty eight votes and thats an even number so it can happen. Many people might say what are the chances of that happening. Well it actually happend a few years ago back in two-thousand. One of the reasons for this as stated in Source three paragraph eighteen is "that the winning candidates share of Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote." As an example from the article Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney, because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner takes all basis. I hope that this information has been able to push you to my side a little more but were still not done. This is one of my reasons why I think that we should keep the Electoral Vote.

Finally I think that we should keep the Electoral College because it can avoid any run off elections. This is good because it solves the problem of elections in which no canadite recevies a majority of the votes cast. Some people might try to convince you and ask you what are the chances of this happening and has it ever occured before? Well I can answer both yes it can happen and it has twice, ounce in nineteen sixty eight with Nixon and a second time in nineten ninty two with Clinton. Both had a forty three percent pluarity of the popular votes, while winning a majority of the Electoral College. Also some people might argue that the Electoral college might turn down potential voters. But knowing the vote isnt going to effect anything, such as Republicans in Texas or Democrats in California they have less incentive to pay attention to a campaign then to care if there president were to be picked. As stated in Source three paragraph twenty three "this is why voters in Presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote can decide an election. Hopefully this has convinced you to keep the Electoral College. This is my final reason why I think that we should keep the Electoral College.

I think that we should keep the Electoral College because it gives us a certainty of an outcome and also it avoids run off elections. I know there are alot of decisions to be made and many things to consider but without this Electoral College we are in big trouble and more problems than you can fathom are going to happen. But in the end this is your decison hopefully you make the right one.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            