The advancing of technology is unstoppable. When the driverless car is fully driverless, it will be revolutionary. That's why I believe that driverless cars are a great thing that will be fully added to our world one day. The driverless car could benefit the people of this world in many ways, it conserves gas, it's more safe than other ways of transportation, and it would cost less.

One very important thing about the driverless car is that it conserves gas. The world is already in a mild gas problem as oil is a nonrenewable resource. This is because the people of the world use way too much gas every day for driving. These cars would use half the fuel that cars today use. That would make the price of gas go down and it would help our gas problem and make gas last for many more years.

Driverless cars will be extermently safer than the cars we have today. I say this because it would cause less accidents. Let's say that someone had a little bit too much to drink but he or she is still alert enough to drive. Instead of taking the risk of crashing, he or she can get into the driverless car and only control it at a few moments. There would be a way less chance of he or she crashing and would make the roads way safer for every one else.

The driverless car will save many families a ton of money. Instead of families buying their own car, they can call a Google driverless taxi when they need to go somewhere and not have to worry about the cost of gas. They also wouldn't have to worry about the price of buying a new car. The only places that would be losing money out of this is car dealerships. When the driverless cars become mainstream there wont be much need for car dealerships or even man driven cars.

Driverless cars are going to be one of the biggest inventions in human history once they break their way into the mainstream. They would help out the world in many ways by conserving gas, making the world a safer place, and it would save familes a ton of money. When driverless cars are finally released to the public, the lives of almost every body in the world will be improved. 