Imagine walking into an ice cream shop with your friends and not being able to ask their opinions on the different flavors. Asking what flavors your friends like would make the decision much easier. Asking for multiple opinions can help make a better and easier choice. My three favorite things about getting multiple opinions are that you can get multiple viewpoints, the person that you ask could know more about the topic than you, and it can relieve someones stress. Getting multiple opinions is very important.

One reason getting multiple opinions is important is because you can get different viewpoints. For example, when I was deciding if I should play baseball I asked multiple people so I could get different viewpoints. It helped me make my decision easier. Getting different viewpoints help makes better decisions. Asking multiple people their opinions is always important when making a decision.

Another reason getting different opinions is important is because the person that you ask could know more than you about the topic. One time I was having making a certain shot, so I asked my coach and he helped me start making that shot. Asking him to help me helped me improve my shot. People often know more than me when is comes to sports, so I always make sure to ask for other peoples opinions. My coach always helps me perfect my skills.

A very important reason asking multiple people for their opinions is good is because it helps relieve stress. When I have to make a stressful decision getting different opinions often helps relieve that stress. For example, when I was deciding what kind of gaming computer to get asking my friends for their opinions helped relieve my stress. I believe that stress relief is one of the best parts of getting multiple opinions.

Finally, getting multiple opinions is an important thing to do because it helps make decisions better and easier. I always try to ask for different peoples opinions before I make a choice. Everyone should try to get multiple opinions when making a choice. I believe this is the most important part in decision making.