Distance learning is becoming more common as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. By doing this, individuals will be gaining an education without being in a public or private school environment. People have a variety of different opinions on distance learning through distinguishing pros and cons. I think students will not benefit from distance learning because students are less likely to be motivated, lose social skills, and lose preparation for college life.

Students are more motivated when having a teacher right in front of them to do what they are supposed to do. If students were to learn through distance learning, students can easily lose focus on their school work and put it aside without a teacher pushing them in the right direction. When there is a reason for me to stay home from school, I am never motivated to start my schoolwork. Students need guidance from a teacher that is physically in front of them rather than online or video conferencing. Without this, students lose their motivation and could fall behind in their academics. It is much easier for students to fall behind more instead of catching up when there is no motivation there to keep going. Also, students are all different and learn in different ways. I am someone who learns better when someone is directly in person. I am able to ask questions easier and more efficiently when a teacher is there to answer. Although distance learning can benefit students who learn better this way, there are still students who could use this excuse as a way to stay home and abandon their schoolwork. Students are less likely to be motivated in their academics which will not benefit them in the future.

Students who use distance learning can lose their social skills attained during public and private schools. Students go to school for their education, but there is also a social aspect with peers all around them. Social skills are taught through a student's individual self when placed in a social environment. Social skills can be beneficial to an individual's future because they are needed in almost any career. When students are older, social skills are used to gain a career because an individual must be able to have basic conversations and be social with customers, clients, patients, and other employees. Distance learning can take away social skills since it is also taking away the social aspect of school. Students who are distance learning lose the ability to communicate with unknown peers and solely rely on the internet for learning. School is also a way for students to create long lasting friendships when going to school. If social skills are not learned, it is much harder for students to create friendships. Although some people believe that friendships are not needed in life, but being able to have a friend who can be there to help during hard times can help an individual significantly. When I am struggling, not only with school, but with other personal issues, friends are a very good option to go to. With distance learning, students will lose the opportunity to obtain friendships and could lose their social skills.

Students can lose preparation for college life since college is usually in person and away from home. In today's society, most students who graduate high school will most likely go on to further their education in college. With long distance learning, students will have a harder time being away from home since their educational environment is their own home. If students attend school, they are already used to being in a public or private school environment that has similarities to college life. School prepares students for attending classes, waking up on time, and being able to manage their time. From experience, I would not have been able to learn to do this without school in person. In college, students will have to do the same types of things, but students who distance learn have to get used to the college lifestyle. Students who do public or private schooling already obtained these skills. However, with distance learning, students do not have a structured schedule for what their day will be like. Although some people believe that attending classes from home is more beneficial, students will have a harder time transitioning to college. Since distance learning is very different from how life will be like in college, students will not be as prepared as someone who goes to a public or private school. This means that students can lose the ability to prepare for college life through distance learning.

The cons outweigh the pros for distance learning. Students who choose distance learning will most likely have to struggle more in the future. Students are less likely to be motivated, will lose social skills, and will lose preparation for college life through distance learning which means it will not be beneficial to students. 