The summer projects should be student designed due to the fact that students have the ability to connect well with their peers, it will help with gaining a sense of responsibility, and the fun of runninh their own project in order to make the summer projects more enjoyable

Although, it would be fundamental to have a teacher in charge of the summer projects, it wouldnt be beneficial for the students. Making the environment feel more like summer rather than a regular school day.

Having an idea of what connects the students to each other they are given the opportunity to create plans and project ideas around how others learn, with them being students themselves and having a sense of how their peers work it makes it easier to come up with these project ideas. This allows them to gain social skills, get a better understanding of the project, and how to properly execute the task at hand.

Also, allowing them to design the project gives them a sense of responsibility, the chance to show how to be a leader and to show their maturity level as well as how well they work when it comes to group or individual activities especially projects. This helps to build character toward a students leadership skills that can be used in the future and whether their work ethic is applied more in groups or individually.

Lastly, the overall fun of leading and designing a project for your classmates and getting to know what each other like and dislike within a project and picking topics that everyone can either relate to or just find excitement in. Since students usually understand what each other enjoy about projects they can rule out the difficulties of planning and have fun doing the project while balancing work with enjoyment. This allows Students to do the project with enthusiasm instead of being bored and miserable from getting a project topic they never wanted and without executing it in a way that would add their uniqueness to it.

Summer Projects should be put in the hands of students because if they are the ones doing the projects why not give them the responsibility of running the projects and have them be done how they want to make the summer more enjoyable.