Do students have more interest in having a project designed by them or a teacher?

some schools requiere students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during break. students should be able to learn freely and In this case students most often find that designing their own work other then the teacher designing the work for them is much more interesting,that they'd have more knowledge on the topic, and it would increase the probibility of students completeing the assignment.

Many students rather have a student designed poject although some may argue that having a teacher designed project is way more easier because they have a more clear idea of what to do by having the instructions and directions given to them. But with a student designed project it is much more insteresting for the student since they may want to do something they've never done before for example; if its a project related to science students love to be hands on and curious and may want to expierence exploding something like having a type of soda and puting mint inside causing it to explode and splash everywhere. It may be a mess but it still gets they're attention.

secondly students would have more kowledge on the topic giving them the advantage to be able to finish faster and if the project is being graded it would garantee them a good grade. and since they have backround knowledge on the topic it would help them because everything is always easier when you have some sort of idea on what is actually happening for example; when someone is taking a test they always do better when they have payed attention through out the lesson and know exactly what steps to take or things they should know in order to get the answer and with that it lets them complete the test way faster and easier compared to someone that has no type of knowledge on what they are being tested on which they will struggle.

thirdly having a student designed project would increase the probibility of students actually completing the assignmet and with that being said they will also be learning because they will have to do reasearch or they will be expieriening the project and even if you think the topic is boring or fun, or you think you know alot about a topic they're is always something new and interesting to learn. for example ; if they are reasearching on how to make pizza they will learn how its really made and probably want to be hand on and do it.

In conclusion some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during break so i strongly eurge you to let students design their own work/project so they will be able to enjoy what they are learning and keep that knowledge.