Why do scientists want to persue going to Venus? Is it the curiosity? Is it that they think they have found a possible substitute to Earth? In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author claims that even thoug it may be dangerous to do, visiting venus is a worthy persuit. The reasons that the author states in the article are: Astronomers are fascinated by the planet, human curiosity, and because NASA is already planning it.

The first reason why the author said that the mission to Venus should be looked at is because astronomers are fascinated by Venus. They are fascinated because they believe that Venus is the closes thing to Earth, not only by distance but also because they are very similar. In paragraph 4 it is stated that "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth". So they want to discover and see if Venus still has the Earth like qualities to it.

Furthermore, the other reason the author gave as to why scientists are so interested in persuing the visiting to Venus is because humans are ery curious and because they think that the curiosity will lead to many things. On paragraph 8, the author explains that "human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally untimidating endeavors" meaning that might as well trying it since we are going to try far worse stuff in the future.

Lastly, NASA already is planning to send people to research Venus, of course, they are taking many precautions and they are simulating the things that astronauts might face when they get there or near there. "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow to float abov the fray" as stated on paragraph 5, it would still be hot but they would be able to handle it. As they describe it "Not easy conditions, but survuvable for humans"

In conclusion, the author gave some strong points as to why they think that the studying of Venus should be persuaded. They also gave a lot of information and supporting details to their claims. 