Extra Curricular activities can help students in more ways than one. It can help students focus better on their work. It can help engage the students when their in school. The students will have more energy through out the day. The result of students taking extra curricular activities are that it can help students focus better on their work,it can help engage the students when their in school, and the students grades will improve as they are in school.

First of, Students who play in sports can have a greater advantage in school. For example students who play sports have a higher chance of being less tired during school than other students who don't participate in sports. Sports can highly improve the speed, and focus of the brain. Another example, playing sports can help improve the functions in the brain at a faster rate. Sports can help reduce bad test scores. For example, it can help improve the students grades by helping the students have better memory when they study, so that they can get better grades.

Secondly, students who participate in more curricular activities can help improve their social skills. For example, students can be more open to other people; this can improve their ability to talk to new people. Extra curricular activities can help with talking in front of large numbers of people. Another example, it can help people not get nervous when they are speaking in front of a big crowd of people. People who participate in curricular activities can have a better chance of opportunities in jobs. They can increase their chance of being picked in jobs by having the advantage of participating in these activities.

Third extra curricular activities can affect the students functions in school work and health. For example, if you play sports you have higher chance of being in good health. Playing sports can help with lowering your risks of illnesses. For example, playing sports can help you have a lower risk of having diseases by helping the body fight off pathogens. One more example is, if you participate in curricular activities you have a less chance of failing school. Extra curricular activities can help you have better grades in some areas that you did not do very good in before.

In result, being in extra curricular activities can help you in a lot of ways. Sports can help you with being less tired. Curricular activities can help engage students in their school work. Curricular activities can help with having better grades. Extra curricular activities can help with brain focus in the students work. Extra curricular activities are very helpful and can help improve students in many ways.     