Students face many challenges while in school. These challenges might be a test, a quiz, or a sport that they play for the school. However, one of the biggest problems that students face that is not often talked about is catching up on work after missing many days of school. It is stressful, difficult, and time consuming to try and complete all of this missing work from not being at school. This could be easily changed with the formation of a distance learning program. Distance learning would be very beneficial to students because it would allow students to learn while at home sick, learn while traveling, and it would let people who would prefer to learn from home still get the proper education needed to be successful.

The first reason as to why distance learning would benefit students is for when a student is sick and does not feel good enough to make it to school. Most of the time when a student gets sick, they do not go to school because they do not feel good. That being said, there are also many students who will still go to school despite being sick because they don't want to miss anything and get behind on work. If distance learning was offered, students would not feel the need to attend school when they are not feeling well and could just learn all of the material from at home. Of course, there are some circumstances where a student is just too sick to do anything and will not be able to focus or learn, but the majority of students absent on a daily basis is because of sickness. Also, implementing distance learning would not only help the student who is sick, but the students and teachers all around him or her. That means that this distance learning program would not only benefit students who are missing school, but also the students who are still in school. The teachers would also be sick less often, and it would make things easier for them since they won't have to worry about getting their students all caught up to date. Implementing a distance learning program would certainly help students who are out with sickness.

Another reason why distance learning would be a benefit is because it allows students who are on vacation or out of town to learn. The second leading reason as to why students miss days of school is because they are out of town. This could be for sports, a family reunion, vacation, and so many other reasons. One specific example that relates to many students are sports. Many students miss games due to tournaments that are far away, and require a hotel for an overnight stay wherever this tournament or game is located. If distance learning was an option, students would be less stressed about the work that they are about to receive when getting back to school and can just do it when not playing. Another big reason for students missing school is vacation. This is where distance learning would benefit students the most. A student could be across the world traveling and learning about new places while still learning about the material necessary in school. This would allow for students to learn more about the world. This will make students going forward smarter. Distance learning would be beneficial for students who are traveling so they can learn from afar.

The last reason why distance learning would be beneficial is because it would allow students who would rather school from home get a good education. There are many reasons as to why a student would prefer to learn from at home. Some people may have social anxiety, and others may just not want to learn in a school environment. Offering distance learning would help these students learn while in their home. This would make students more comfortable, and usually when a student isn't stressed and comfortable, they perform better. This would increase test scores across the country and increase the knowledge of students across the country. Students would benefit from distance learning if they prefer to learn from at home.

Students face a lot of adversity throughout their time in school. Not only are students trying to maintain good grades and a good grade point average, but there are many distractions. Offering distance learning would just make it easier for students to complete their work on time and not have any overload of work. Students would benefit from distance learning because they can learn while they are at home sick, out of town, or simply just prefer to learn from at home.