I think the states should have a vote on what the people want, either popular vote or electoral college. Popular vote would be the way to go for me because if it is electoral college you as a citizen arent actually voting you are picking certain people to vote for you. By popular vote it means you get to have your say, or one of your powers for being a citizen.

Electoral College is for the people that depend one higher level people to make the right decision for them instead of doing it themselfes. If you are a small state you dont have that much people going in for what your states want, like Rhode Island for example they only get around eleven through fourteen electoral votes for them. For a big state Like California they get fifthy-five electoral votes. Big difference right? Since the state of Florida a big we get twenty nine votes, Not that much right. Now if we do the popular vote way it only depends on how many people vote, if Rhode Island has 200,000 that vote they have a lot more say in the presidental election. What would you take?

Now since presidents only go to states they know they will win in, so if your state is small the better way to go is electoral since it doesnt matter. The state of Florida does matter because we are big so both presidents will try to win us over. In the end I think it would be a good idea if the state has a poll on which one will they choose, but it all depends on the state and the people.

We would all think that the state want to hear our opinion, but some arent like that. Now if a tie breaks out, which is slim, now that isnt in the hands of the people but the hands of the people in the House of Representives. The chance of having a tie is unusual but it can and will happen some time soon. If that happens the HOR must try to be far and not only pick in there bias but for the better for the community.

As the state of Florida it would be a better solution of we go to the Popular vote method, because we are a large state and we would have a lot of votes the election    