Do you ask for advice from multiple people? People ask for advice a lot because they have a hard time making a choice. When people seeks for advice from multiple people there most likely asking because, people might have different opinions about the subject,people might have the same opinion about it,and/or making sure they are making a good decision.

People Also seeks for advice from multiple people because,some people have different advice. Some people don't have the same advice like other people. The person that needs the advice sometimes want different advice so they can have different opinions to choose from. They would want different opinions to choose from because if she dont like the one that one person gave her she can pick another one. Also, having different opinions help because, having the same opinions doesn't all ways help.

Also,people ask multiple people for advice because, some people might also have the same advice as other people So some people might havethe same ideas and advice as others so you have to ask another person with an different opinion as that person. Then if they all have the same advice you don't have to but it's best to choose that decision. Also,when mulitple people give you the same advie thats means it's best to do what the advice that is giving.

Last but not least, people seeks for a for advice from multiple people because,they are are making sure they are they are making the right decison. If you ask one person for advice and the tell you the wrong thing to do and you do it, you would making the wrong decision. Making the right decision is hard tho make by yout self sometimes. Then if you make the wrong decision you will need help again with another advice.

When I need advice, I ask multiple people for advice because, some people have the different opinions,other people might have the same advice, and/or making sure i make the right decision. Most people give you the best advice because either they been through it before and somebody gave them the same advice or the seen it happen have seen it happen to someone before.          