Cars. A large leap for man into technology. But what else could we do with these huge machines for transportation. Google has some ideas. And many other companies think that these ideas from Google could work. They're even eploring them too. But what faults could happen if we put all of our eggs in this basket?

The article talks about how these automaton cars aren't totally driverless. They still need a human for tricky situations but then what about the rest of the time? The article explains that there would be a very big fraction of time where the "Driver" would be bored or just sitting there waiting to be needed. But then you lose all the fun in driving. No one wants to sit somewhere for hours on end waiting to be needed. We all wanna be involved in the adventure of where we're going!

Then there's the idea of what happens when a fault in the system gets someone hurt or even killed? Who gets the blame? I mean the driver has no control if the car is driving. So who goes to court the maufacturer or the "Driver". I know the article already talked in detail fo this much but it's a great topic to speak on because that's a part of driving cars everyday. Accidents happen. But these driverless cars they aren't people, they're just computers running a program.

Cars aren't always safe. But many people strive to make the the safest thing they can be. And yes sometimes there are "crazy" taxi and bus drivers but most of the time they aren't. What do we do then? When we start replacing these people's jobs? I mean yeah they are still going to have jobs but what if these people's favortite part was the driving aspect of it? Not the sitting on your butt all day idea. What do we do then? What do we do when people who don't know how to drive very well start getting those jobs because the computer can do most of the work. But then they're put in a situation that they have ot drive and can't. What then?

I personally don't like the ideas of automaton cars. They aren't totally driverless which means someone has to sit in that car the whole drive with nothing to do or they have something to do and get caught up with that activity; and when needed to drive they can't because they're too involved. This leads to my next conclusion. They won't always be safe and will have malfunctions that could be deadly in the end. And they downright do not put our job economy in a good position. These cars aren't a "safety" feature. They're a lazy feature. A way for people to stop doing things for themselves and let the machine use it's program to do it all. But why do we continue to think that the more we don't do the better everything gets?