Some people think it is important to get more than one idea when trying to come up with something. So I am going to list the pros and cons to that. Do you think that getting more than one idea is important.

One pro is that you get lots of other ideas from asking people. So for example if you ask 15 people to help you with making a decision then you have many other ideas. You can also use all of the information they gave you to make one bigger idea. And they you can all get together and all come up with one idea.

But the con to that is that you have a bigger decision to make. For example if you get 15 different peoples ideas and there nothing alike your going to have to decide whos ideas gets thrown out. If some ideas are just bad then that make that easy but most of the ideas are probably going to be pretty good. So your just sat there with most likely around 12 or 13 ideas and you dont know whos to pick.

But the second pro is that all the time doctors use this strategy to narrow down a sickness/injury someone has. And most the time it works out and they get rid of a view possibility. And when they do use this it lets them find it out faster and get to work right away sometimes it just takes five minutes and they get the idea and its right and they save them. For example one time my brother was in the hospital and they didnt know what was wrong with him but thought shearing ideas they found out what was wrong with him.

But the con to that is sometimes that just throws them off. For example one time there was just someone at the hospital normal and doctors are trying to find out whats wrong but because they disagreed so much they got in a argument. Another example is that one doctor might think its the flu and the other could think its the corona virus and they might start screaming at each other. Or a final example is that they think is two different things and instead of getting mad trying to prove there point they just sit there confused.

I think that sometimes shearing ideas with others can help but other times it cant. If its something personal then just keep it to your self. But if its like what the doctors do then you should ask for help. And if someone ask you for help then dont be rude you probably should help them out and make there day better.