I am for the devlopment of these cars . Why , because in the articele it says that the cars a being created to be more smarter . Such as having senors to tell people and when not to stop and go . Or when they turn at the wrong time it sensors them to stop . They are becoming more safer , as a car . Also for the people driving the car .

Aslo . it says that Google has had cars that could drive independently , under specific conditions since the year 2009 . Cars have driven mopre than half a million miles , without crashing as it states in parapgraph two . The google cars aren't techinally driverless . But,

they still alert the driver when to pull out the drive way or dealing with any trafic issues , like roadworks or other car accients or accidents periods .

Since they had no option for smarter roads , they turned to smarter cars as it states in paragraph two . In paragraph two it also says that they used sensors and other technology such as : sensors on the left rear wheel , a roatatinf sensor on the roof , a video camera mounted near the rerview , and etc . With all of those pieces of technology the driverless car can mimic the skill of a human at the wheel .

Senors are nothing new to the world of course . In the 80s it states in paragraph 5 that , " auntomakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation on antilock brakes " . Over the years the sensors for cars just got more ,and more advanced . As they got more advanced within the 10 years , they have been used to dectect and respond to the danger and out on control skids and rollovers . In paragraph 5 it says that if they're futher more improvements in the sensors and computer hardware and software for making driving safer then there will be leading cars that can handle more and more driving task on their own .

In conclusion , i agree with the devolpment for cars . There is so much information that I've seen in the article .It tells me how safe cars have been and will be in the future if they make any more improvents for the sensors on the cars and etc . They have more techinally other than the senosor , for the car to be more safe . It says in the article that their have been fewer accidents since the senor has been improved .       