For me it's good to have a grade B average. Most students would say no because that's what they like to do play sports they don't care about school or anything but most do. If you would let them play with a grade C average they would probably think they have the chance to play and still have a bad grade. They would not try hard in school. If you don't let them play when they have a grade C average and they love the sport they are playing just for the sport they will try hard at school even they might get ti up to an A. Many students say they don't like any classes but they just can't wait to get to gym that's all they like to do probably for some is the only grade the have an A in. That just tells you that they will try hard in sport but not in school so if you want well any student to go to collage you might want to keep that policy. Many students when they grow up want to be professional football players but I don't think any college would accept a student with all A in only sports but not in social studies, science, math and language arts. What would the student be when he grows up. What if they accept him as a professional football player and he's career is then done. He might have money but if he then want' s to work he wont have somewhere to work he was good at what he did but he is done. So if I was the principal i would keep that policy. You're students might have a better chance of being a professional football player and when hid career is done he will have another career to lean to.

Also what about the parents that would be a big problem for you. They will get there report card and always see an A in sport and all C in the other classes. They will call you and say what is going on with my kid. All you will sat is that the policy is to still play sport even if they have a C but is the students problem if he doesn't have an A in his classes. Before you know the kid will be in another school with all A and you with one less kid in you're school. You might want to keep all you're students. What if when you're student grow up to be someone important the will probably grow up to be someone important and they tell the whole world and you will be honored who knows. You probably get my point to not change the policy because you probably don't care what happens but you will be proud to know you made good students. You made them grow up to be successful students with all good grades. You will make the student work hard to even get a B and then play sport. You will make them work hard but at the same time they will get to play what they love the most. So you better keep the B aver