As some may disagree, online/video conferencing classes will tremendously improve the way a student would think. The guarantee of anyone else not breathing behind you neck, not having to feel ashamed or embarrassed is the key to soulful relief. What any parent would want for their child is for them to learn and be happy, but how may a student learn when they are not happy?

I have a couple of friends at Generic_School who are depressed or you can say sad, and it's always difficult finding out what it is that is making them feel this certain way. As I look deeper into my friends and swim through their thoughts, I locate the general issue and it always goes back to their education. The world is controlled by money, and to get money you must be educated, therefore education is very critical to a students peace of mind as they look at themselves 5 years from now. I have helped as best as I could to most of my friends, and most of them have made great improvement, but some are still stuck on insecurities that I cannot change. Those insecurities come from school. I've heard quite a lot, but theres an extent of my energy I can give because I suffer from these tragedies, alone.

This prompt is way more interesting than my education because I've always been looking for an alternative for public schools, but it's just not affordable for my family and I. I feel very uncomfortable in a classroom filled with students. I start to sweat a lot but I always make sure I look like I am keeping my cool externally. Internally my anxiety goes out the roof and I end up not doing any of my work. When all that work gets piled up my anxiety kicks back in again heavily when I would have class soon. I get really nervous thinking about facing my teacher knowing I did not complete any of my work, therefore I end up going home. I've always felt this way since freshman year, as I am a junior now. It wasnt as bad before, but it just kept getting worse. I've thought of millions of ways to change, to improve myself, and for my well being but I've only came to one conclusion and it is, online classing. I have considered dropping out plenty of times. Anxiety is a real thing, and it should be taken seriously.

I am not the only one suffering from anxiety relating to education, Many students would say the same but deny it to any sort of official/authority. My anxiety does make me happy, therefore I cannot learn. So as I go into my senior year I will be doing whatever it takes, whatever the cost, to take online classes instead of being stuck in school. Feeling judged 24/7, targeted, thinking I don't have what it takes, and thinking that all my questions are useless and stupid etc., is tormenting. This issue resides with many people, online classing will save lives. This is how public schools make me feel.