In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System. He goes on the explain that this system enables computers to identify human emotions and that in can be valuable in the classrom. This system is not valuable in the classroom because, it is an invasion of privacy, computers aren't always right, and it will cost the school corporation a lot of money.

This system is not valuable in the classrom because it is an invasion of privacy. In the article it states that, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored". That sounds good, but what the article is saying is that a computer is always analyzing the students face, and it does not say where the data goes. Also the computer could not be very well protected and a hacker looking to steal data could hack into the computer camera and steal the students idenitiy. Finally, what if the student doesn't like the system? Is he forced to use it or does he get a choice, the article does not state on whether or not there is any consent to this.

This system is not valuable in the classroom because computers aren't always right. Computers are not human, you can not program a computer to have empathy or any human emotion. So you can not program a computer to read a humans face and accurately tell them their emotion. Also computer programs tend to have a lot of bugs in them, so this system could have a few hidden bugs that could make the system broken and unusable. Finally, the article states that, "Your home PC can't handle the complex algorithms...", so what kind of computers are students going to use that are capable to run the system?

This system is not valuable in the classroom because it will cost the school corporation a lot of money. Like in the last paragraph, the school would need advance computers to run this system. The article does not state if this system will cost money or not, but if it does it will most likely be a ton of money. Most school corporations can barely afford new computers to keep up with present programs, so what makes this high-tech program any different? The school corporations would have to set up a lot of fundraisers and make a bunch of cuts in their annual budget. In the end they might have to let a few teachers go because they could not afford them anymore.

This system is not valuable in the classroom because. it is an invasion of privacy, computers aren't always right, and it will cost the school corporation a lot of money. Most people like what is coming up in the future, but we have to start thinking about if what we are doing and creating will help us better, or hurt us.   