Imagine you are looking for some advice and you need someone to talk to you, that's where your friends and family come in. There are lots of people to give you advice in life or school such as your teachers, family, friends, etc. Seeking multiple opinions from different people can help someone make a better choice because they give you facts and more choices for you to choose from.

When the people you care for give you their opinions of advice to choose from, one of those opinions could be the right one. Sometimes life can be difficult and confusing, that is why you have people around you to guide you through the right way. Let's say one day you want to commit a crime and your family finds out, they will give you the right advice and talk you out of it. Every one of your friends will need advice someday, whether it's at school or at your house, and you will be the one to give them good opinions to help them make a better choice. For example, you have a friend who needs a way to study better and she thinks the best way is to cheat, well, you need to talk some sense into her and tell her to get a study buddy or hire a tutor. Cheating is never the answer, there is always a way to help someone make a better choice before they regret doing something that could get them in trouble. When people ask for advice and you give them multiple opinions to help them make a good choice, those opinions also make them better people. However, there are some people in the world who will convince you to do the wrong thing, and you can't let them fool you into making a bad decision, this is why you ask more than one person because there is someone who will tell you the correct thing to do. A good example would be that your friend encourages, convinces, and influences you into stealing a $5,000 car and if you didn't do it, they would never talk to you again, even though you know what you're doing is wrong and illegal. Finally, your best friend tells you not to do it because you know what the consequences will be if you do steal the car, and your opinion made her realize that she is choosing the best choice which is not stealing the car. Your friends and family will always be there to give you great opinions to make better choices.

Everyone you go to for advice will not only give you their opinion, they will give you the facts, as well. The facts are the most important part to making a better choice because opinions are just what people feel you should do, the facts tell you what is gonna happen if you do the wrong thing and what'll happen if you do the right thing. For example, lets say that you want to say mean things to your teacher because she didn't answer your question, but if you do say mean things to her you know that you'll either get in school restriction, suspension, or you'll get expelled, so since you know these facts, you know that it is wrong to say those things and you will not do it. If anyone ever needed advice, you'd have to give them facts, too, not just opinions because letting people know how you feel may not stop how they feel they should handle stuff. Lets say that I really want to buy a new video game but neither of my parents let me, so I steal cash from a wallet that fell on the floor and use it to by myself the video game. Then, my mom sees me steal money from the wallet and tells me what she thinks I should do, but I don't care what she feels, so I buy the video game with the $20 I stole. Since she didn't give me the facts of what would happen, which is going to jail or to court, I bought a video game with stolen money. When you do something that is bad, you always regret it, and look back to the facts your friends/family told you, and wish you had listened to them. Another example would be you needed to make some money, so you're selling a concert ticket you found in your moms purse, which is illegal and you've been warned not to do it again, and you got caught by the police again. The policeman takes you to jail, then your parents bail you out, and after all that, you wish you had listened to the police the first time, and when your mother warned you to stop doing it. This is why facts are super important when it comes to making a better choice because you look back and wish you had made a best choice.

In conclusion, I say that seeking multiple opinions will help someone make a better choice because if you ask a lot of people they will make sure that you make the right decision and it will also make you a better person. Remember, if someone asks you for advice, you have to give them the facts about what'll happen if you make the wrong decision, and lots of ideas on what to do. There is always someone to help you, and like I said before, lead your friends and family down and through the correct path.