People ask for advice for any reason, especially when they can't decide. So why ask for multiple opinions? If I were to ask for advice I would go to multiple people and ask for their opinions. The reason why people ask for advice is to help come up with better inspiration or better ideas. Why they ask multiple people is to get better advice and different opinions on what they should do so they don't have to pick one certain idea.

Why should asking multiple people help with your decision? When you ask yourself for advice your brain may not be as open as other people. When I say that it means that all people think differently, for example many people have different beliefs and different ideas. Sometimes when asking different people you can come up with better advice or sometimes it can lead you to better advice. When you have multiple opinions it all could connect and you have your then you have really powerful and really good advice or it could just lead you to different places. But when you ask different people you realize the differences and different opinions that could help with your decision or take away from your decision. Certain people make good decisions and bad decisions but it's all up to that person to make one whether it is good or bad. If multiple people have enough evidence to support their advice, then that person would most likely choose their advice or add on to it.

What could help someone make a better choice? When someone makes a choice it could be good or bad depending on what they tell themselves or what other people tell them. When people ask for advice it would be really good to have evidence to support you advice. Asking multiple people would also make an impact because they all have different ideas and opinions on different things. But, when you ask certain people there could be a difference. For example, you could ask a really good friend for advice and then ask enemies that's what would make the difference because a friend would try to help you with good advice but when you ask enemies they wouldn't most likely do that. Another reason why asking certain people, is that you could be hanging around people who don't make good decisions and ask them for advice that wouldn't help you in a good way but, asking people that make good decisions would most likely give you good advice.

What is good advice? A lot of people ask for advice whether it's a friend, a relative, or a celebrity. When asking someone you know for advice doesn't mean it's good advice even though you have seen them on TV, you see them everyday,or you have seen them all your life. Good advice is when it benefits you in some way emotionally or physically. When someone gives you good advice it should be meaningful to you but, that doesn't always happen. When asking multiple people it sometimes builds up to make this really good piece of advice that could help you and other people in the world. People ask for advice for any reason and when they ask multiple people it helps them get different opinions of what to do and what not to do. When people do get good advice they seem to be a better person and understand how to give others really good advice.

Having good advice is really helpful from multiple people even though they aren't all the same. That's why people ask for advice is to help come up with better inspiration or better ideas. Also because they ask multiple people is to get better advice and different opinions on what they should do so they don't have to pick one certain idea that doesn't help them as much as getting other good advice ad using them all. So what's the purpose of asking multiple people? It's just to help support and give better advice.