Have you ever been given a really boring project that had a ton of requirements and restrictions on it? How were you able to do your best when most of your creative freedom was taken away? The truth is, is that those grueling projects limit you. Limitation on projects gets in the way of obtaining valuable knowledge and reaching your full potential. Teachers should allow students to create their own projects. Letting students design their projects will ensure students receive a better understanding of material, are more involved with their work, and will make them more willing to finish their work.

As a fellow student myself, I have done many summer assignments designed by teachers and summer assignments designed by myself. For my own project, I chose something that interested me and even though it was over three years ago, I still remember the results I got and what I had learned from that project, Did you know tomato plants grow better with green tea than water because I did, after my project. On the other hand I had recently had a summer project that had me do a bunch of unnecessary information searching on the web, even though it was so recent I honestly couldn't tell you one thing I learn from it. I dont even remember what it was about. Having created my own project, with a topic that interested me, made my learning experience far superior than that of a project designed by a teacher. Not only was I able to obtain knowledge that my teacher intended for me to have but I also had a fun time doing so because I wanted to know more about my topic of interest. I also wanted to finish my project and make it turn out really nice since I had a sense of pride knowing I created this project.

Greater involvement in a project tends to create better results. Having students be more involved with their projects is beneficial not only to students but teachers as well. For students it encourages them to be creative and enables them to have more freedom to do what they want with their project, I mean isn't it fair? Their the ones working on their break. Giving them creative freedom is a small but generous favor that will innate better work. For example if a teacher were to design the project it would have a lot of unnecessary requirements and restrictions that limit their students from reaching their full potential causing students to get more upset about the project and less willing to put in the work for it. Teachers benefit in the way that they know their students will try to learn and discover something knew in these projects and that they aren't just wasting their time. Teacher designed projects tend to makes projects similar to everyone else's project as well as less interesting to work on.

Picking a topic that is interesting for all students has always been a teachers downfall, but not anymore, leave that problem up to the students. Sometimes the best way to solve a problem is leaving it to someone else. Picking a topic that interest you not only makes you want to put in the work but it makes you want to finish it and look at the final product. Its common knowledge that if people are more interested in something they are more liking going to want to get more involved with it. Teachers often face many unnecessary problems like weather or not they will complete it, if they followed all the rules, and weather or not they learned something from it. Theres just as many problems on the student side like stress, unwillingness to do, and lack of purpose found in doing all that work. The answer to all those problems is simple; let students design their projects the way they want to. Some people may argue students will make their project super simple so they don't have to do that much work, but even if the project is simple that student might still learn something from it, and its better than receiving no project at all.

Teachers whole purpose for these projects are to get their students to learn yet they make it so much more difficult for them to retain the knowledge. Students are force to give up valuable time to work on a project that they gain nothing from instead of making it worth their time by letting them design it themselves. Student designed projects make Students more proud of their work since it is their own ideas going into it and solve a lot of problems for teachers and students. Take off the limitation and allow students the freedom to create their own projects, projects are like art and should be encouraging the students to get involved and try their best. When teachers design them students do the work for a grade not for the discovery of more knowledge; which shouldn't be a projects purpose. 