Imagine you get a letter from the principal of the school. It says that students must participate in extracurricular activities. You think to yourself my kids should do that they need to get out of the house. You say "oh man my kids need to get a life." We should have students participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they learn about the activity the're doing and how it will affect them getting jobs, they learn to work in teams, and they can make friends.

If we have students participate in extracurricular activities they will get an idea of what it's like to work in that kind of job. An example if you're helping make the year book you get to learn how to use editing software. kids wouldn't get this opportunity if they never wanted to do it in the first place. But, if it's mandatory you wouldn't need to worry about this because the school would do you a favor. If your kid doesn't want to do it the activities eventually get better and more fun so it'll rope them into it.

If your kid is shy nothing is better than getting them some experience with talking. They'll be doing a lot more talking when they join an activity they'll never wanna leave. They get to work in teams and talk to each other and have fun. whenever they get into the real world they'll need to know how to work with people. It may be hard for them to listen to that much talking but it builds their endurance to withstand that amount of talking.

Did i mention they can also make friends if schools don't make you do those activities most kids won't have friends. It's really hard to make friends but if you're seeing the same people everyday during those activities you form a bond. If you don't want your kid to have friends you can always tell them to not make any friends. But, whats the harm in making friends. They can make friends if you want them to and it'll be a lot easier to because you're close to other people.

we should have students participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they get experience in the activity the're doing, they learn to work in teams, and they can make friends. Extracurricular activities help kids get an idea of the job they want. It's a good place to learn how to work in teams and communicate with each other. You can make a lot of friends there by working with your team. Would you want to join an extracurricular activity if it was mandatory?