"Glad I can cheat on this test." Many would have this same thought if given the opportunity to take classes from home. Moreover, cheating would not be the only the negative outcome from taking classes at home. Classes at home have no real advantage over classes at school. The idea that students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home is invalid; furthermore, students would only receive negative effects from classes at home such as social anxiety and lack of concentration.

First and foremost, classes at school offer a better learning experience overall. A school building is a physical location that students go to specifically for learning. Therefore, students associate entering school as entering a place where concentration is needed to learn. In contrast, staying at home to take classes does not trigger the concentration switch in most students. Staying at home means students are remaining in the same place they eat, sleep, and enjoy free time. This means students feel less of a need to concentrate and try their hardest since they are casually sitting at home.

Secondly, classes at school lead to better social skills. When students go to school they interact and socialize with other students. This interaction helps build their social skills that they will need when they go out into the real world. If students were to stay home they would not receive much social interaction. This lack of interaction will make them uneasy when they are forced to socialize. In fact, they are more likely to try and avoid social interaction all together since they are not very accustomed to it.

Although many may argue that classes from home are in fact beneficial as they lead to lack of social anxiety. This is actually incorrect as classes from home do the exact opposite in the grand scheme of life. Staying at home offers temporary satisfaction to those who do not like social interaction. But, in the long run those students are only hurting themselves as they are slowly being less acclimated to social interaction. The more exposure a student gets to socialization the more they build on those already existing social skills. Classes from home would only mess with those social skills.

Overall, classes from home have no real benefit to students. Students that go to school are the ones that receive the actual benefit. Plus, going to school is an activity that has always happened and it works. So why fix something that is not broken? Therefore, students have nothing to lose by going to school, but a lot to lose by staying home. Classes from home do not benefit students at all.