Phones & Driving

One of the most controversial arguments is that of texting or talking on the phone while driving. This controversial argument is debated all of the world and why or why not it's wrong. Regardless of opinions, there are statistics and facts on using your phone and driving. The facts say that it's not the right thing to do for a number of reasons such as accidents. The fact is that using your phone and driving is wrong for a lot and here's the reason why.

Approximately 660,000 drivers attempt to use their phones behind the wheel of a car every day. Smartphones have made it easy for us to stay connected at all times. But that can create serious risks if someone decides to check their phone when they're behind the wheel. Risks such as car crashes. The National Safety Council reports that people who use their cell phone while driving causes 1.6 million crashes each year. One out of every four accidents that take place in the US are due to cell phone usage and almost 390,000 injuries happen each year caused by texting and driving.

Texting and driving being dangerous enough, people also tend to talk on the cell phone while driving, which some people think is less dangerous than texting and driving but, there is still a number of safety hazards to worry about when talking on the phone and driving. One of the obvious rules to follow when driving is to keep both hands on the steering wheel while driving. Specifically ten and two, which they tell you when you go to get your driver's license. This action can't be achieved if one hand is holding the phone to your ear. There are some exceptions to talking on the phone and driving such as having speaking on the phone and connecting it to the car via, bluetooth. This is hand free and therefor not dangerous.

Due to the number of crashes and accident that are related to making calls on the phone and texting while driving, some states have made it illegal to use the phone completely while driving. Cell phone use has also become a leading cause of vehicle crashes over the last two decades. While talking on the phone or texting, drivers are distracted decreasing the driver's awareness while they are on the road, which lead to a number of crashes. Drivers who text that are behind the wheel are twenty-three times more likely to have a crash.

In conclusion, texting or talking on the phone while driving is not safe for anyone. It will more than likely cause an accident and people can wait to make that one phone call or that last text. Risking your life is not worth it. Driving while using cell phones should be a thing of the past. Texting and driving should not be done anymore and nobody should suffer from crashes or accidents due to a driver using their phone while behind the wheel.   