When seeking advice, many people ask multiple people for help instead of asking one person. Sometimes you might get by with only one persons opinion, but that does not happen very often. It is better to seek advice form multiple sources. Many people get advice from multiple people, because multiple opinions can provide better, more accurate advice, greater options, and no one person knows everything.

When someone gets caught doing wrong by the police, the cops do not just ask one person what had happened, they ask multiple witnesses. They do this because if they were to ask one person what had happened then they would most likely be missing information. No one person knows everything. The person that they ask could have missed part of what happened, or forgot a key detail that another person might remember. So if you were to go ask one person for advice, you would need to be careful because the person that you ask could have forgotten an important detail.

People also seek advice from multiple people, because it gives them a variety of options, and information. If you seek advice from one person they are likley to only give you there opinion, but if if you ask multiple sources then you can choose what advice sounds the best, or try out multiple strategies. Once when I was in second grade I did not know how to spell a word, so I asked my peers. Instead of asking one person I asked multiple people. This way I was able to find out the correct way to spell the word, because multiple people had given me the same answer.

When you ask one person a question, you are running the risk of getting the wrong answer, because you only have one source. If you ask many people the question you are still running the risk of getting the wrong answer, but you are at a lesser chance because there are multiple sources. A few years ago I was struggling with keeping my grades up, so I decided to ask my sister for help. She gave me some tips and pointers on how to study hard but that did not make much of a difference. When I asked my dad for help what he had told me made a big difference, because he had provided more details and what he said worked. By asking my second source I was able to do better in school, because I had gotten better and more accurate advice.

By getting more people to give me advice, I am able to cancel out all of the bad advice and learn from the good tips that I received. If I were to never ask multiple people for advice then there would be so many tips, details, other things that I would miss because I would be limiting myself. But because I ask multiple people for advice, I am getting Better, more accurate advice, multiple options and more information then what only one person could tell me.