The world is making considerable advancements in the area of technology. Today there are even smartphones and smartwatches. Recently, there have been rumors circling the world of the newest advancement: driverless cars. There are many pros and cons to smartcars. Driverless cars, if used properly, have the potential to be a revolutionary technological advancement.

First, driverless cars can almost entirely eliminate the looming threat of human error. The cars can forsee danger and exercise the proper actions to aviod the threat of an accident. Soon, they wil even be able to respond to skidding and even rolling over. However, these driverless cars are not completely hands-off. When greeted with the obstacle of road contruction or an accident, the human in the car must take over. The human has more skills in this area, so, naturally, the he or she will take over. With the combination of the human's skills and the car's advanced programming, the car will become more safe and more effiecient than ever.

Next, the driverless cars have the potential to completely overtake all the transportation that we use today. Smartcars are safer, faster, and more efficient. There won't be any more lost pedestrians because the smartcar knows where to take the passenger. There will be more flexibility with schedule because the car's sole responsibilty is transporting people from one place to another. Plus, driverless cars use half of the amount of fuel that a standard car would use today.

Finally, the smartcar can eliminate the stress of driving altogether. Yes, you may have to get behind the wheel for a short period to help your car through traffic, but then the work would be done. Driverless cars give the action of driving an element of relaxation that cannot be achieved through driving a standard car.

In conclusion, driverless cars have the potential to become a great technological achievement, but there can be an immeasureable amount of controversy. If laws around the United States can be passed to allow smartcars, then the door for technology can be opened. But what if an accident occurs? Whose fault is it? These are questions that can only be answered in time. But, if given the chance, driverless cars have the potential to be a great advancement if use properly.    