Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I do not think you should allow cell-phones at school due to the fact that the students may use them in class, use them in free periods instead of doing necessary things, and it helps create more drama and bullying come to our school.

If cell-phones are allowed at school, the students would most definitely use them in class. Having them around school would tempt them to bring them into class. The children would text each other so they don't have to listen in class, and not learn. Or even worse, cheat on tests using their phones that are allowed in school. That could end in a worse situation that no one wants to happen. Everyone says they will get caught, but the reality is they won't, and if they do it may be too late.

In free periods the smart thing to do is to get work off of the students hands, and do things that they need to. But if they have a cell-phone near it may detracted them from doing anything needed. If students can't get some work done before school ends they would have a lot to do at home, which may result in a bad night sleep.

As a result of bad sleep, the children are not able and open to learning as much. All of that is caused by a simple cell-phone during a free period.

When cell-phones are around, news spreads fast. Phones are being used for bullying a lot these days and if something bad happens, it stirs up and even worse situation.

Bullying can affect school work and how someone thinks of school in general. Also, bullying can just plain make the person upset and scared. In a school you don't want that kind of environment. Having phones around makes it easier for people to communicate to each other and tell what ever anyone wants. Bullying is something we all need to try and stop, not make bigger.

To conclude, i think have cell-phones at school is a bad idea because students wouldn't be able to get their work done and it would make a bigger case of bullying. Most importantly, the students may use their phones in class. Although it makes sense that you would think if kids get to use it at all they would know the boundaries, but in reality they don't.

Cell-phones would be a bad idea to allow in school.