Imagine your school principal announcing that all students must participate in at least one after school activity. Would you agree with him. I would agree with him,because I think after school activities are beneficial. They benefit students because they can find new passions or hobbies and it can help students do better in school.

To start off it can help students find new passions or hobbies. Some do not have a passion or something they want to be better at. So extracurricular activities like sports,writing,gaming,etc can help them find a passion. Also extracurricular activities can help shape your dream job or something you want to be when you grow up. As a kid you always want to have a dream job or something you want to be when you grow up so you know what choices to and schools to choose to get to or qualify for that job. Certain groups after school can be beneficial in the future also. Some groups can go on you resume and can get you a certain job or get you into a school. Students always need a hobby or passion so they can stay challenged and distracted.

After school activities can help kids do better in school. Extracurricular activities can help your grades. There are book clubs and homework clubs that you can participate in to get a better understanding of a subject. You can also find new friends .Students can find people that have the same interest as them. Students that play sports also do good in school. When students play sports they tend to do better in school and completing their homework that when they are not active. After school activities benefit grades positively and students.

But some people will probably say that kids need freedom and should not be forced to do extracurricular activity. But kids with to much freedom get lazy and distracted. Students can easily get distracted by the television,video game,or phone so much that they will forget about homework or submitting that paper in and end up having failing grades. Students then sit in the house all day and do not do anything productive. And sitting around in the house all day is bad for your health. Students having free time is not a very good thing and can positive and negative at the same time.

I agree that extracurricular activities are a must because they can help students find new hobbies,passions,and help students do better in school. Do you think extracurricular activities are must?                       