In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" it states many reasons why, how and when these cars are coming. My position or point of view on this matter is that it is a negitive thing. There are many reasons stated on how it can be positive, such as fuel and less time consuming, or negitive, such as safety and money. I will tell you many of these reason and why i find it a negitive solution in the next few paragraphs.

The positive ideas stated in the paragragh are less fuel, safer, and you dont have to completely manualy drive a car yourself. In this article one of the many reasons why driveless cars would be safer is they can steer, accelerate, brake themselves, and they notifie the driver when the need to take over the controls for certain situations. Safety is a be concern to modern drivers, the article states manufactures want to bring entertainment to the cars while you enjoy your trip. These displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over. In this way, the in-car system is actually a safety feature.

The reasons why these cars have not been made yet isn't because we don't know how to make them or even manufacture them. Which leads us to our negitive effects, It's because of the law and expense of redesighing a mass restruction of all the roads. According to the article, Lawmakers focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and safety is best acheived by this if the drivers are alert. Another concern is what happens if there is an accident? Who is to blame the driver or the manufacturer? The article says that these smart cars will have to use the binary code. These smart-road systems worked well, but required massive upgrades to existing roads, somthing to expensive.

My position on the article is that driveless cars is not the way to go because of money, safety, and the need for future generations to know how to manualy drive a car. Its not safe in some aspects such as what if the driver isnt fully alert to perdict when they need to take over. Yes the fuel is half as much as it use to be but the road construction op front is way to expensive for us to do for the cars to be as safe as possible. Future generationd will not know how to fully drive a car and if something were to happen where they would need to, they wouldnt be able to. That's why my position on this argument is that it is a negitive idea and we should just stay the way we are.

In this article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" it gives us many good facts aon why cars driveing themselves should be a thing and why not. My position on the matter is that cars should be incontrol most the time. But there are many postitive ideas on the subject and if the laws change may help us to be safer in, on, and out side the car.       