People go to multiple opinions for advice so they can really find the right decision to make.

So they don't just go off the top of their head.

Like you say you are going to do something then you ask your friends if you should do it and they all say no you shouldnt do that you're most likely arent going to do it anymore. Not asking for adive could lead to bad decions made.

You can also go to multiple opinions to see how you can change something like your jumpshot or your position you play in football. You ask people how you can change so to see how you can get better at your sport or whatever it is you are trying to improve. Advice is really good in sports because you can learn how to get faster, stronger ex. That gives that of step ahead of all the other poeple playing the sport you are playing. Say im asking for advice on how to get faster and all the other people on your team are just doing the same thing at practice asking no questions and your the on trying to get better, it gives you that extra step ahed of them.

Multiple opinions to see which person gives you the best advice and is reliable. You go to a friend for advice but you dont really like what they are saying you got to another people but they say the same thing. So you start asking a buch of people trying find that one person that gives you really good advice and is realible and trustworthy. That one person that you can go to for anything and they know exactly what to say everytime. That person tells what to say to a girl you are trying to get a girl, tells you how to cope with stress and a lot more things.

You have a presentation coming up and your really nervous and you havent even thought of what your going to say. So you go to your friends for some advice and They give you tips on how to destress and they help you think you what to say. The day comes and you are very anxious and stressed so you use the techinques you friends tought you and you end up doing very well on you speech and it was all thanks to my friends. Thats an example why prople go to a group for adive not just one person sometimes.    