Cars have been a huge advancement in technology in the past 100 years. Although they make traveling much easier, cars are a big reason for economical displeasure. Limiting car usage can help us in many ways. It will reduce pollution, more building space, and death rates will decrease.

Initially, limited car usage can play a major factor in pollution for the world. In "Paris Bans driving due to smog," it says that 147 micrograms of particulated matter was fount in London. This is causing sickness and illness in alot of countries. If we would reduce car usage there would be alot less smog and greenhouse gases in the air that we breathe every day. Who wants to live in a cloud of dust?

More so, cars are congesting the roads and towns of almost every city. In France they had a day where they didnt allow you to drive your vehicle a certain day, and the congestion rate was down 60%. With less vehicles on the road, it gives more space for buildings to be built. Parks and sport centers will be built, giving more kids the chance to grown up being healthy and fit. As you can see limiting car usage can help in more ways than you thought. Also the less cars being bought and made, the more money we can have to better the lives of the sick and poor in the world. to use the money for events in the world aswell. The jobs that would become available to people for building more bicycles and sidewalks would increase tremendously.

Therefore, the limitation of car usage will drastically change the rate of death in America and throughout the world. A study shows that driving by young people has decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. If there are less people on the road then there will be less devastating fatalities on the road. The road is a path to your next door, not soppose to be the last path that you take. I dont want to be remembered as a statistic in this world, so less people driving and more people living is a great thing. Maybe we can see more good news than bad news whenever we turn the television on on sunday mornings after all.

In conclusion, The reduced limitation on car usage in the world can drastically improve our pollution problem, help with more buildings, and the death rate. Now let me ask you, if you had to choose wheither to drive that Mustang or to walk. After reading this passage, which would you choose? Like i said, i dont want to be remembered as a statistic.     