Summer projects have usually been designed by teachers, but it would be better if the students were the ones who designed? Most summer projects have been designed by teachers to help students keep learning throughout the summer. Students should be able to choose what they want to research with more freedom so they can enjoy what they're writing. Student-designed summer projects is a chance for students to enjoy and have freedom in the topic of their choosing.

Students should be able to enjoy the project they are doing over the summer. Summer projects are so students are still learning throughout the summer. One example of someone doing a research that they could enjoy is, if that person loves nature and hiking they could make a project on wildlife or the growth of plant species in a mountain or forest. During the summer everyone is trying to have fun and a summer project on a topic a student does not like will cause them to feel bored or burnt out. For that to not happen they also need more freedom in the topics that they choose.

Student freedom in a project is one of the most important parts of a student-designed summer projects. Freedom of choosing what the topic would be has a couple benefits. Students are more likely to enjoy what they are researching, students will be able to debate topic that they couldn't have based on restrictions that a teacher might have placed, and Students would feel more motivated to do the project. Many students do not enjoy their summer projects based on how restrictive it can be, so they can meet their teacher's rubric and expectations. A student's motivation is key to how the project will result in and having more freedom will allow them to explore topics that they never could.

Student-designed summer projects is a way for a student to enjoy and have freedom in a topic of their choosing. Students with freedom will tend to enjoy their research and will be more lilekly to produce a wonderful assignment. Teacher-designed summer projects are a thing of the past and should allow the student to design a project that will let them enjoy their vacation and find something educational along the way.