The best choice. When I was younger I never bothered to ask for other opinions. It was only because I thought that I was always right. When I was around the age of eight it was around my Birthday. So my grandpa asked me what I wanted because he was gonna take me to get something after school. During school as soon as I walked in I asked my friends what I should get it was between an xbox or a guitar. Multiple people came upon me during the day saying ''xbox get the xbox''. Later in the school day I had someone else tell me to get the guitar because a guitar is long lasting not a stupid xbox so i agreed. When I got home I told my grandpa that I wanted a guitar. Three minutes after me telling him what I wanted he got ready and we went to the music store. I got a black and white electric guitar with an amplifier and a case.

Getting peoples opinion on something is good for anything. Opinions might not be a fact but it can still help. Its helpful because when your getting a new car wouldnt you want someone else s perspective on the car you intended on buying. Majority of the time when people buy cars or a house someone or something might change your mind. My mom was gonna buy a ford when I was like eight but the sales man told my mom that the Volks wagon is a way safer family car, and was cheaper. So my mom obviously used the workers opinion and didnt go with the ford we came out with a foreign 2014 Volks Wagon.

Opinions are commonly used around schools. Like when your having a debate lesson you need other opinions. If your going to court you need others opinions on what they think you did wrong so called the jury. If we didnt have opinions we'd all be knee deep in chaos. Opinions is what keeps the right and wrong balanced if you dont think about others opinion you are just self considerate. You dont like to here what others have to say i'm not saying its a bad thing its just not a good thing. Opinions are what make up the bad things every time we get a new elected president somebody has to bring up something bad about them. For instance Donald. J.Trump. they would always be on his case because he married to somebody whos fifth teen years older then her. They always say bad stuff about the Iranian incident but they never think of any one else's opinion.

Getting others opinions on something can lead to something better because, some people like when theres a better answer or something. Like for instance when I asked for my school mates opinion on weither I get a guitar or an xbox it turned out great I went with everyone opinion and got the one everyone else liked. I still have the guitar to this day and its been what six or seven years so far. If I got the Xbox It would've probably been old and dusty by now but the guitar is clean no lint, no dirt,

and no dust. Its sitting on the guitar stand I asked my mom for on my birthday. Ever since my Grandpa passed away and my grandma the guitar is the last true thing I have to remember them by. I look at it everyday when I get out of bed just sitting on the guitar stand like its a dog in a dog bed. Overtime I look at it I see my grandma and grandpa. Every time he called he would ask if I learned any new songs and I told him I was writing a song that he never got to hear. It just amazing on how opinions can help you solve many things.

Opinions helped me deal with the passing of my grandparents. I always wanted to cry and die but my friends told me their opinion on why I should'nt now I have to live with the satisfaction that I have people that care for me. Thats is why opinion is a great thing its helped me make many great choices in life and I wont forget them. Opinions can help you make a great decision because you have people who support your decision, you have many great thing that can come from that one opinion or multiple, You'll have complete satisfaction after you did what you been wanting.