Dear Florida State senator,

I am in favor of changing the election by popular vote for the president of the united states. Changing the election by popular vote is more efficient than the electoral college process. Inputing this into the political voting system would enhance the voting process making it less difficult to deal with, get rid of the electoral college and its faults, and get the U.S citizens opinion on who the president should be and not just the electors voting for the president.

As you are already of aware of, the electoral college is the process where it consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and the Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. By the explanation of what the electoral college is, you and I and many others can conclude that this process takes too much work;much more work than really does need to be put into place. Even though most Americans aren't aware of that when they are electing for their choice of the president they comprimise with the most, they are really voting for electors to vote who the next president will be. It's not fair and it's not right.

While reading an article about the electoral college(by Brad Plumer), I noticed that the electoral college system has numerous instances of it that make it wrong. While in place Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, and the U.S. chamber of commerce all agreed on abolishing the electoral college; And I compromise with this agreement because it is completely accurate and make sense as to why these political figures wanted to rid of the electoral college. This is called a "Disaster Factor" according to paragraph 11 in the article "The Indefinsible Electoral College" meaning that the state legislatures are literally responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people. How wrong is this? Also given that so many voter vote for one party for president and another for congress, the House of Representatives' selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people.

In source 3 of the article, it was very precise on as to why the electoral college should no take place. Our country has both republicans and democrats. Not all democrats have the same opinions as republicans, and not all republicans have the same thoughts as democrats. According to paragraph 15, the Electoral college is widely regarded as anachronism, which is a non-democratic method of selecting a president that should be overruled by declaring the candidate who recieves the most popular votes is the winner. This is not fair to people who are democrats. The electoral system is obviously based off of mostly and strictly Republican beliefs. The voting process should be based on just republican bias, but also democrat bias. It's as if the democrats thoughts mean nothing. Paragraph 19 made a claim that Republican bias is baed strictly off of the region in which on lives, because majority of Reoublicans live in the southern states of the U.S. This makes other people(No party, Democrats, etc.) that are inhabited in othe regoins of the U.S. feel disenfranchised and feel as if their votes do not count, that the new president will have no regard for their intrests, and that this person is not really their president.

The article gave me an outlook of what the electoral college really is and how it works. The electoral college is not a fair process at all, and it is way the complicated for the people involved in some political job that is involved with the president, it is hard on the citizens that live in this country that have an idea of what president they want to vote for, and it is hard on us as a nation. The election process should be changed by the process of popular vote of the country's citizens. The  electoral college is unfair, outdated and irrational. The electoral college needs to be abolished as soon as possible. Please take this into high consideration.

From,

PROPER_NAME

01-26-15                    