The more people you ask the more it will help you as a person. When getting advice, I believe the more opinions you get the better. It is good to ask many people because, you can get better advice, you can also get different points of view, and you can decide on what the best decision is. I agree with asking multiple people for advice because, it only benefits you, and there are almost no cons. When you are in need, and desperate for help, asking many people for advice is the best thing to do.

The more people you ask for advice, the better answers you will get, and you will be able choose what's best for you. It is good to get the best advice you can because, it will help you and the situation you're in. Once you know who gives the best advice, if you have a problem down the road, then you can ask that same person for advice. When you get good advice, you will be able to adapt to those kind of situations, and you will know what to do in future situations. It is definantly worth it to just ask a few more people of their opinion.

When you are asking many people for advice you are guaranteed to get different points of view. When you get different points of view, you will be able to look at your situation in a different way. When you see things from a different point of view you will be able to see what is happening on your side of the situation, and the other side of the situation. When you can see all sides of the situation you may realize that some people have it worse than you do, and you should be grateful for what you have. When someone gives you a different way to look at things, it can really change who you are as a person.

When you ask many people for advice and you know what is best, and how to look at the situation, you will come to realize what the best decision is to make in your circumstances. Although what you may have to do is hard, it will help you in the long run. By making only one decision, it could lead you to success in the future. Once you have been able to figure out what decision is best, eventually you will be a good decision maker and may not need advice from others. Make sure when everything is going through your head, that you believe the decision you made was best.

In conclusion, asking multiple people for advice can help you tremendously. Not only will it help you in the present, but it will also help you in the future. Just asking a few more people will help you get better advice, teach you how to look at things with a different point of view, and to become a good decision maker. It will help you and lead to success in many ways you dont expect. Asking those few extra people for their opinion is so worth it.