Students should participate in one extra curricular activity because it gives the students a chance to experience something new to experience or gives them an opportunity by following their interests.

For example, if a student has never played a sport before because he did not feel like it, how would the student know that he likes or dislikes the sport.

Students participating in extra curricular activities allows them to explore their interests and something new by themselves.

Allowing them to find their interests on their own allows them to have independence which the students will need in the future.

For example when the students move out of their parents home they will have to find a job on their own and do other things by themselves like paying their taxes.

An example of the benefits and the of the students follow their interests is that they will most likely want to do something great like become a NBA star like Michel Jordan because the parents and people around them let the students follow their dreams. Also will not be forced to do something they dont want to do like work at McDonalds because the parents said what they want their child to do something else instead of letting the students follow their dreams, and intrests.

Giving the students something new to experience could change their mindsets completely.

Changing the students mindsets could change what the students want to do in life or make them strive for their goals.

For example, if the student does a sport that involves everyone to work hard like football, where the coaches make you work hard to do well on the team.

The sport itself makes the anybody work hard that makes the student playing the sport work hard constantly.

If you do something constantly you will create a different mindset for that activity. In this case it would cause the student to have a hard working mindset in whatever he wants to accomplish.

These extra curricular activities are not just giving the students independence, new mindsets,new experiences and letting them follow their interests.

It is also about giving them a chance to change who they are or changing their emotions to what them to be like.

For example if there is a student who's parents just divorced and he is upset and takes his anger out on other students these extra curricular activities could change the student.

If he joins the school soccer team he could get that energy out of him and anger on the soccer team.

He might even make new friends to support him.

This would cause the student to not be as angry and upset because of this extra curricular activity he is participating in.

Overall the students benefit from the extra curricular activities in so many different ways.

Students should always have the option to do extra curricular activities due to how much the students benefit from them.                