Dear Principal,

The policy that I think that policy 1 is better is because if you ban phones from school then students will just bring them anyway. If they bring them to school they will use them because they will feel like they are just breaking the rules and that they are cool. Also students don't use their phones put side of class (like in the hallway) so much so they do during class.

Some reasons that would use them during of class is because they think that they are cool of they text during class. But the reality is if they could use them during lunch and free time then they are less likely to use them during class. If they can't bring them to school then they will use them even more during class. I see it every day in our school since we are not aloud to bring them people trying to hid the fact that they are texting during class, but then they get their phone taken away then they blame they teacher.

If you let students use their phones in the hallway then maybe their would be less fights. The reason I think that is because they would be so focused on their phones that yes they have a bigger possibly of being late but they won't notice the other students as much. But the down side of that is that if they are planing it then they can text people and say "come watch us fight" or something like that. But if people know about the fight then maybe they can try and stop it before it happens.

They can maybe show a teacher and have them separate them before it happens.

The last part I have to say is please pick policy 1. This way the students can feel more mature because they can have their phones and don't really have to hide it. We really want to use our phones during lunch and we are not aloud to and we are really tired of it. So I say policy 1, I can get a lot of students that are behind me on that one. The teachers don't have to wonder if we are texting because if we are aloud to during lunch then we won't during class. We can get a lot of texts in during lunch, so if we text in the hall and during lunch then we can probably wait and not text during class unless it is an emergency.

If you do choose policy 2 then you are going to have a lot more people that text during class and get their phones taken. If that happens then more parents are going to come and then you will have to deal with them. I know I have gotten my phone taken because it feel out of my pocket. I had it because it was the only way my mom would know when to pick me up after the football game. I was supposed to call her, but could I now? No, it had fallen out and then I didn't get it back so I had to miss the game.

So in conclusion, policy 1 is the better choice.

So I really hope you will chose this one, you will get more students that like this one then policy 2.

Thank you for reading this,

STUDENT_NAME