Teachers exclusivley should design summer assignments to apply tools and characteristcs nessicary to reveiw or learn in the upcoming year. This will not only educate students what they need to reivew, but also the new expectations and allow them a preveiw on the types of assignments the individual teacher assigns. Summer asignments should be teacher designed to educate sutudents on what is to be expected in the following year.

Over the summer, students have a tendency to forget informantion they learned in the past year(s). Summer assignments allow for students to still have time off from school, but also insure they are still learning and not loosing information needed in their next school year. By making the project teacher designed, the educator can make sure the project is outlining previously taught tools, information, and possibly new skills they will need in their class in the fall; something that may potentially be missed or not fully appied if student design their own projects.

Expectations and types of assignments/projects vary from teacher and year. The purpose of summer assignments should be not only to make sure students are still learning and retaining information, but to also give the student a preveiw of the teachers teaching/assignment style, level of diffeculty of the class, and grading rubric. This way, it benifits the student in more way than one and completely prepares them for the class expectations of the following year. Therefore, it is essential the teacher themselves designs the project for the benifit of the student in all such elements.

Some may disagree that the individual student should design their own summer project because it insures the student is learning while getting some enjoment and individuality. However, if the students themselves design the project, it is not garanteed they will apply information and tools vital for next year. Even if they are given a rubric specifically outlining the nessicary elements needed within the project, the assignment will still be lacking an example of the types of projects the teacher is likely to assign in the future, the teachers educating style, and will not exibit the true difficulty of the class. The student will still be able to show their personality through their work within the teacher designed project, so it will still display individuality; but at the same time preparing them for the teachers class specifically.

Summer projects are helpful in the fact it assures students are still learning over break, but if exclusively the teacher designs it can similtaniously also be very helpful in outlining previously taught tools/ information they need in the following year, teacher and class expectaitions, as well as displaying both teacher and student personality. Summer asignments should be teacher designed to educate sutudents on what is to be expected in the following year.      