A lot of people like to have advise from others because it gives he/she some ideas on what choice they want to make. He/she can have a better perspective on the situation after hearing about what other people have to say. Almost everyone has to make a decision in there life. While making that decision, it is good to hear from multiple people and their opinions. This can help someone make better choices. Having multiple people sharing their opinions to someone can have a impact on that persons choice. Advise from multiple people can help someone make a better choice because it gives he/she more than one idea on what to do, it gives them a better perspective on the situation, and he/she can decide if they like their own opinion,or another person's opinion, on what to do.

First, advise from multiple people can help someone make a better choice because it gives he/she more than one idea on what to do. Having more than one idea on what choice to make is good because it gives multiple options. Multiple options is good to have when making a decision because it gives the ability to think of the decision and figure out what choice is best to make. Another reason why it is good to have more than one idea on what choice to make is because it is good to have not just your own opinion. Having someone else's opinion can help he/she make the absolute best choice. It can be an overload of the ton of options and opinions of the best choice, but it is really good to have!

Second, advise from multiple people can help someone make a better choice because it gives he/she a better perspective on the situation, in which they have to make a choice. Having a better perspective on the situation can help them understand why they need to make a good choice. It is important, when making a choice about something, he/she understands why they are making that choice. A better perspective on the situation can also be good because it helps that person, making the choice, understand how that choice is the best one. It is good to understand why that choice is the best because if he/she has the opinions from multiple people, they have to choose which opinion is best.

Lastly, advice from multiple people can help someone make a better choice because he/she can decide if they like their own opinion, or another person's opinion, on what to choose. This is good because they will have the choice to choose out of multiple opinions. Having multiple good choices to choose from is good because then he/she does not have to worry about the only choice they have being a bad choice. It is good to have plenty choices to choose from. Another advantage of getting to decide what choice to use is, he/she can decide which ever choice they think is the best.

In conclusion, advice from multiple people can help someone make a better choice because it gives he/she more than one idea on what to do, it gives them a better perspective on the situation, and he/she can decide if they like their opinion, or another person's opinion, on what to choice. Seeking multiple opinions is a good thing to do. Getting advise on good choices is a amazing thing to do as well. When having those multiple opinions on good choices can be a big help. It can save someone from making a bad choice!                                                       