Phones and driving

2.35 million injuries are from car accidents every year. Of that 2.35 million, 330,000 of these injuries are a result of drivers being on the phone. There are a lot of pedestrians who are hit by cars just because people can't stay off from there cell phone. Some people have families and just want to make it home so they can see their loved ones. You can get seriously hurt from a car accident so please stay off your phones.

Being on cell phones have cost many people life changing injuries or even worse. While you are in the driver's seat you shouldn't even have your phone in sight. Don't put your phone on your lap or any place where it can be easily accessed. Just having your phone in arm reach would make you want to pick it up. When you are on the road you should give the road your full attention and do not look at your phone, you might think that it's okay to look at your phone for a second but that one second could make the difference of life or death.

People get scars from being in a wreck both mentaliy and physically. Some may not walk again some do walk but with the help of therapy. This can all be simply avoided if we all just stay off our phones. Nobody wants to be crippled for life because they were on their phone. I don't mean to sound repetitive but please stay off your phones, it does nobody no good by being on your phone.

Not only are you a danger to yourself by being on your phone but you are also a danger to the people surrounding you. Pedestrians are people who are walking on foot. Our bones are stronger than concrete but that don't matter to a car going 40 miles per hour. When you are in the car driving you must not only think about yourself. You could end somebody's life if you are not careful.

Every time you get into that car and you are driving you have two choices to make. You can put the phone down and drive safe or you can be an irresponsible person who care not for the lives of other. People lives are put in danger every day because of car accidents. Do not add to the accidents by making a simple mistake. Put your phone away while you are in the car so everybody can have a safe ride. Humans are fragile and our lives a very precious and should be cherished with every second we, don't let your's end because of a simple device         