After the reserch I have done I think that changeing the system would be a good idea because of the following reasons, its not really fair because your not actually voteing for the president, but for a slate of electors, also becuse of the candidates are more focused on the bigg states, and the swing states.

The first reason that changing the system is a good idea is that lots of people think that it is unfair. Like in source 2 by Brandford Plumer, "If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for John kerry, You'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry." but if the electors dont win the statewide election he wouldnt get the votes, so its like your vote didn't even count. The winner take all system is unfair because your actualy not choosing your own president.

The next problem are the big staes. The candidates dont spend many time is the small state because they now that those votes won't really help them win so the go to the bigger states where they now they will get more votes. In source 3 by Richard A. Posner says " a large state gets more attention form presidential candidates in a campain than a small state dose." For example in 2012 obama won the votes from florida, get got 29 electoral votes. But if he were to go to a small state and won he would only get a few votes, so its not fair for the smaller states and it's not equal.

The finall issue are the swing states. Candidates focus more on the toss-up states. In these states they spend more time and give out more information because in these states the people really pay colse attention to the campain. The candidates dont spend any time int the staes they now they no chances for winning, that why durind the 2000 campain, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all!

In response, based from the followin informatom given I think that The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational. It should not be the elecotal votes that matter it should be the peoples votes. Also some states dojnt even hear from the candidates because they are busy with the big staes and trying to win over the swing states. If you do change the system you will make lots of people happy and I think that it will work out well for the U.S and everything will be equal.    