ALL OPINIONS MATTER

Im not sure about you but when I want someones opinion on something then I prefer to have multiple options and opinions rather than just having one. The reason for that is, everyone thinks in a different way and that is a good thing. Sometimes we dont like the way people think or how they feel about something so we try to find someone who thinks the exact same way as us.

A lot of times we feel that since someone see's things in a different way or has a different opinion then us that they are wrong and we are right but the truth is, its hard for us to soak in the fact that people wont always see eye to eye with us. It feels helpful to have everybody's support on things and to feel right but just because someone thinks different does not mean that they're opinion is not just as as helpful as the other person. Both ways have a good effect and the reason for that is because you can practice how to respect what someone else thinks and that is important to know how to do as you get older. Maybe their opinions and facts behind their opinion will change the way you feel.

Another reason why asking more people for their opinion on something can be helpful is because it can cause a more interesting argument and and more and better reasons on why that person feels that way about a certain topic. Another reason that I would want more opinions is because I feel like people want their opinions to be heard and I know that I would so it is always nice to ask someone what they think. It is always nice to have a bit of an argument between what someone thinks is right and what someone thinks is wrong but you should always respect how someone feels.

I know that it is hard to accept the fact that we are not right but everybody's opinions matter and they are all helpful is many different ways, even though it feels like that person is out to get us just because we dont feel the same, It is nice to have different options and many different facts for that topic. Just remember that next time you need help or are confused you can always ask a friend or family member for help. 