Should drivers be able to use a phone in any capacity while operating a vehicle or should drivers not be able to use their phones while operating a vehicle? Using a phone while driving could be helpful in various ways and also could be used in harmful ways. Cell phones can take the attention of a driver causing a risk of danger.

A cell phone helps drivers with immediate roadside assistance, in case of a serious car accident. Cell phone's allow drivers to get directions turn by turn with the helping of GPS technology. Phone cameras are very important in a case of a hit and run accident, it allows a person to take a picture of the license plate. Some insurance companies may require a picture of an accident. Traffic reports update on a phone in minutes, accidents, highway closings and also an estimated travel time to their destination.

An activity that grabs the attention from a driver is Distracted Driving. Being distracted on the road causes fatal crashes. Many jurisdictions worldwide have made calling an illegal act.

However lots of vehicles have hands-free devices, some may say that hands-free activities are not safe. Hands-free still drags away the attention from a driver on the road "Distracted Driving". Currently, cell phones are the leading cause of distracted driving. When operating a cell phone while driving increases hospitalization rate four-times higher. Texting increases the rate to 23%

more likely to have a car accident.

Personally, I think cellphones should not be used in any capacity while operating a vehicle. There are many accidents caused by the use of a cell phone. A person who operates a cell phone while driving is not only putting his or herself in danger but also others on the road and pedestrians. Using a cell phone while operating a vehicle is selfish because the lack of control a person has on the road.

My essay provided arguments from both stand points whether drivers should or should not be able to use cell phones while operating a vehicle. On the facts provided throughout my essay, despite the many ways of communication cell phones while driving raise many safety issues. In conclude the bad outweighed the good.         