Students should not be forced to participate in extracurricular activities. They should have a choice weather or not to do the school's activities. Not everyone has the time or the want to stay after school. Students may want to have a break from school, but they will not be able to to do that. The principal should not make decisions for the students. He or she does not know what we do outside of school; extra activities may interfere with our outside lives. Students should be allowed the option to participate.

The students should get to help the principal make a decision. If the principal chooses for the students, then the students may not feel like their opinion is valid. they be unhappy and think that school is a chore rather than a fun learning environment. Students should have a voice in what they do so that school will be more enjoyable. when they get to make decisions, they will be more enthusiastic about their contribution.

extracurricular activities should be a choice. Not everyone likes the provided options. Some students may not want to take yearbook or student council. when their options are limited, students may think that they're being forced into doing something they dont want to do. if they had a choice, they would be more motivated to do the activities they want to. Students would not want to come to school if they are being force to do something that doesnt seem right for them. every student is an individual and if they're pushed to all do activities without a choice they will loose a lot of their uniqueness. choices are better than being forced

Students dont have enough time to do other activities. The principal does not know what we do outside of the classroom. students have to do a ton of homework and may also have to go to things like church or sports. if we are required to do extracurricular activities, then we will have to cut back on after school free time. school activities are for students with less homework and more free time. there will not be enough time for homework or leisurely activities. enough time is already spent in school. Students dont need to be there even longer. sometimes we just want to go home and relax, but if we are stuck doing extracurricular activities we can not do that. just like home and work are separate for adults, school and home should be separate for students. adults do not want to stay extra hours after work. they want to leave their office. Students feel the same way. time is not always available for extracurricular activities.

When students are not given a choice, they are miserable. we want to leave at the end of the day so we can do home work and relax. It is not a good idea to force us into doing extracurricular activities that Students do not want. school and home should be separated. We should have freedom about what we do after school. People may not have the time they need to participate in the school activities the want to. in those situations, they will be required to do an activity they dont want to do. the principal should not get make the decision for the students. it is unfair to people who have other after school activities to commit to. Students do not need to do extracurricular activities