When it comes to education, there are various ways that one can receive it. Many people automatically assume that going to a physical school is the only option or at least the best one because that is what the majority of people do. At a young age, we learn that we must go to school to be successful and we learn to deal with waking up early, getting on a school bus, and attending school for seven hours a day. We have school to thank for all that we know up until this point and what we will become in the future. However, there are other options that students can take to receive just as good of an education that a school in a building can provide. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it allows them to learn at their own pace and resolves many issues that they may have faced at a physical school.

Following the pace of a teacher can be difficult at times, especially when you don't understand something. Teachers can't always stop lessons to tend to one individual students' needs because it delays the learning of the other students in the classroom. Or, something may be very easy for you but you aren't able to move on to the next thing because students around you aren't as comfortable with that specific topic, so the teacher has to spend more time on it. Also, learning in a space where there are many other people around you doesn't work for everyone because we all process learning differently. With online school, one is able to move as slowly or fast as they like to make sure they understand something to its entirety. Since you are learning virtually, you aren't pressured to hurry and you can be relaxed with knowing that no one is waiting on you. Additionally, you aren't faced with distractions that a classroom is bound to have. Whether it be by students who just aren't focused or by any other inevitable distraction, it isn't fair that you can't be fully focused on doing your work because of other situations that are out of your control. However, going fully home schooled isn't the only way to take online classes. Even if you are able to take a few of your classes online and the rest at school, it can still be very beneficial. Those classes taken online will allow you to stay home until it's necessary to go to school. With online classes, one is able to complete their work in the comfort of their own home with their undivided attention.

Although going to school can be a positive experience and is a good way to create fun memories, it's not like that for everyone. Bullying is a huge issue in schools and when a student is bullied, it can really affect their overall life which includes their attitude on learning. Bullying is a very serious issue and isn't always addressed because some people are afraid to stand up for themselves in fear of what will happen. The point of going to school is to get an education while the other things that school entails are just bonuses such as making friends. However, when a distraction such as getting bullied occurs in a students life, it becomes extremely difficult to keep yourself focused on the important things. School isn't something you should dread to go to everyday so it comes to a point where you have to look at your options and see what the best way for you to get your education is. So, a student and their parents may decide to resort to online classes because that is what's best for the student and the situation they are in.

Some people may say that taking online classes is overall, not beneficial to students because it isolates them from other people their age and doesn't allow them to have the best education possible. However, this is not true because taking online classes isn't an attempt to isolate oneself, but is done because it is what's best for that person. Just because someone takes classes from home doesn't mean they don't have friends or a social life. There are other opportunities and places to make friends so that shouldn't be the ultimate factor for someone deciding if they should switch over to online classes or not. The argument that online school doesn't provide the best education isn't valid because some of the most successful people in the world have completed online classes and have publicly credited them to be a great way to learn. The programs that these classes are provided by make sure that the classes are well taught and teach everything that the student needs to know. People who take online classes are learning the same things that someone in a regular classroom is learning; the difference is the setting in which they are learning the content in.

Taking online classes can be very beneficial for students who choose to do so because it gives them another way to learn that will work better than going to a tangible school. By taking online classes, it gives a wide array of options and you can figure out what works best for you. Students are able to have one-on-one interactions with their instructors which allows them to gain knowledge in a more effective way. In conclusion, if students feel like online education would be the most beneficial way for them due to issues faced at physical school, they should have the opportunity to explore their options. 