The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", most likely suggests that Venus is worthy of studying, because of the comparisons he or she makes in paragraph four. The author goes on in paragraphs 5-7, by discussing various ways that scientists are trying, or have tried studying Venus from space. In the first couple paragraphs they explain the different dangers that come with space missions to explore Venus.

The author of this text refers to Venus in paragraph two as "Earth's 'twin'".

He begins to elaberate more by given facts about how the two planets are alike. "Venus is the closet planet to Earth in terms of density and size", the author says. Venus is sometimes the closet planet to Earth, thus being the reason why humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on, as the author calls it, a "cloud-draped world". Every mission to Venus, hasn't in the lamest terms, been successful. The spacecrafts sent there have only lasted for a couple of hours, and this is why every mission has been unmanned.

There are numerous factors that contribute to humans having many chanlleges to to study a planets with a reputation like Venus. As the author explains, "a thick atmosphere of almost 97 carbon dioxide blankets Venus". In paragraph three of the text the author goes more in depth about the harshness of Venus's atmosphere. Temperatures on Venus average about 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure exceeds those 90 times greater than what we experience here on Earth. These types of conditions could crush a submerine made to travel to the deepest parts of our oceans. Depite just the atmospheric conditions Venus has an array of erupting volcanoes and powerful earthquakes, to name a few, that occur on its surface.

Paragraph four is where the author begins to make more comparisons between Earth and its dangerous sister planet Venus. The author explains or hypothsizes that Venus was once like Earth. They belive Venus at one time had oceans, and could support many forms life, like Earth. Venus has many analogous features similar our planet. Venus has valleys, moutains, and craters. The author also says that returning to Venus is almost indisputable, and how could they make it safer and efficent for scientists.

In the next couple paragraphs the authors goes over the possible NASA and it's scientists are trying to make travel to Venus better. They believe that if man would go on a mission to Venus they would have to travel almost 30 miles above the firery planet. At that distance tempertures would still be above 150 degrss Fahrenheit, but the pressure would have gone down the that of sea levels on Earth. Later in paragraphs 6-8 the author trys to give details on the different ways these scientists are trying to devlop metals and other materials that could last longer than just a couple of hours. The author, in the last paragraph says that the exploration of Venus has much value, not being of the planet itself, but because human curiosty will likely lead humans into many eaqually intimidating endeavors. 