Is distance learning such as, online learning or video conferencing more benefical than traditional learning?. In my opinion, I believe that most students that take online classes have a higher risk of failing. Therefore, they have a higher change of getting distracted. Studies confirmed that young adults are more likely to get distracted than adults since, their minds are not fully develop. I also believe that, every human being has a different way of learning and goes on their own pace.

There is positive's and negaitive's reasons about person-to-person learning and online learning. Person-to-Person learning helps the students gain more knowledge and interaction. While being in a traditional classes, you can ask questions anytime and gain a relationship with one another. The negaitives of tradtional learning is that, students attend to skip class, not listen to the teacher, and sleep during teaching. Students attend to do these negative actions because they might be force to go to school or they can not go on their own pace.

Online classes are not benefical but you can go on your own pace. Another reason is that, techonolgy is popular in this generation that students rather be in a device. Online classes have a positive side to them because there is many options online in what you want to learn about, but keep in mind that visual is harder than interacting. Visual is diffcult to understand because there is no instuctor or a teacher helping you in person. I believe that everybody is different and we all learn in different ways and different pace.

Some Students would not be able to attend at home classes because of personal problems such as, not having food to feed themselves, some do not have a roof over their heads, or they do not have access to a device. For an example, there are some students at Generic_School that do not have food at their home and all they eat is school lunch. It hurts to see Children that are not able to afford things in life that are in need such as, education. Education is in all of our life's and I hope traditional schools can still be popular as online schools. In this generation techonology is taking over students!.

In conclusion, I support my reasons and my opinions about, traditional learning is a better way to learn than online learning. They both have Pros and Cons but Traditional learning has been in our lives for so many years and techonology and devices are taking over students. Distraction is what young adults have trouble with, Online classes is not a great idea to pursued. There are many reasons and studies, why students should keep attending traditional schools. I also believe everyone works and learns in their own pace and that is why Person-to-person is way to pursued.                        