Will the introduction of distance learning benefit students or encourage laziness? Some schools are now offering distance learning programs, the ability to attend classes online, as an option for students. Distance learning is a new program that is being introduced to help students attend classes when they are unable to. Some people may say that distance learning encourages laziness by allowing students to stay home where they can get distracted, but in reality it encourages productivity by giving students more flexibility to attend and complete assignments when they are unable to attend school.

The implementation of distance learning programs can prevent students from falling behind in school. There have been many instances of students having to leave the country or state to attend to important family emergencies and as a result fell behind in school. The distance learning program allows students to attend their classes while they are out of state. Since the internet is widely available students will be able to access their lessons and assignments from almost anywhere in the world.

Many people are unable to attend college because they have to work to provide for their family. The flexibility Distance learning provides allows these people to further their education and pursue their dream career while they work. Another example of how distance learning can benefit students is how currently many schools are closed due to fear of the corona virus. Distance learning will allow the students of the affected areas to attend online lectures and complete assignments without going to school.

Lastly, There are some people who believe that online learning will negatively affect students by allowing them to stay home where there are many distractions. While it may be true that students can be more easily distracted at home, Distance learning is meant for students who are serious about their education. The distance learning program provided by some schools were intended to promote productivity out of school in case students are unable to attend.