The Mona Lisa is a very iconic painting by Leonardo Da Vinci; however, no one pays attention to how her smile was constructed. According to the new computer software, Facial Action Coding System or FACS, she's 83 percent happy, nine percent disgusted, six percent fearful and two percent angry. This software is very useful and can help push technology ahead.

The process begins with a computer constructing a 3-D model of the face and all 44 major muscles must move like a human face. These movements are called action units. Dr. Paul Eckman, creator of FACS, classified the six basic emotions of facial expressions; happiness, sadness, surprise, anger, disgust, and fear, and implied them to facial muscles. The software can even track mixed emotions. For example, the Mona Lisa as she has four different emotions in her picture.

The Mona Lisa demonstration is intended to bring a smile to people's faces., while it shows just how much a computer can do. Dr. Huang predicts, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored". He continues to go on about how it could modify a lesson like a human instructor. This can be very useful for children and teenagers who are homeschooled and take online courses. The same technology can make computer-animated faced more expressive for video games or surgery.

This FACS machine isnt very necessary for daily life, but can help in the classroom. It is very cool and interesting, and can help teachers know when students are struggling. This software is going to help humans in the future and will only become more advanced. Dr. Huang notes, "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication". He is correct with that statement.

In conclusion, Dr. Huang and his colleague did a terrific job in creating such an advanced piece of technology. This will help teachers and schools in the future. The only problem is the cost of the item, because it will most likely be pretty expensive. Making faces could reveal so much about the science of emotions.