Summer projects are a means by which schools are able to ensure that students are, in some way, continuing to persue an apprehension of knowledge and a greater understanding over the course of the summer. Schols assign students summer work to not only ensure that they continue to lern but to prepare them for the next step in their academic carrer. It is in the students best interest for their summer project to be designed by their teacher, wno inherintley has more knowledge and experience in diserning what is best for the them in their persuit of higher knowledge. Although many individuals believe that student designed summer projects are more beneficial to the development of a childs path towards gaining knowledge, teacher designed summer projects better surve in the childs best interest because teachers have the ability to tailor various summer projects in away that will prepare students for the next step in their academic career and, because of the inherent lazines of most students.

Teacher designed projects are more beneificial to a childs academic development because they have the ability to tailor projects in a way that will prepare students for the next step in their academic career. Teachers posses the unique ability and experience that provides them with the ability to introduce concepts to students through summer projects that they will need to be familiar with for their future classes. For example, in the summer prior to my sophmore year I was told to write a research paper on John Locke. This research paper introduced me to a person I had never heard of before which inturn better prepred me for my Humane letters class which discussed a variety of his ideas.

Without this teacher assigned project, I would have never received any form of introduction to this vital aspect of my class. Teachers also have the ability and knowledge to reintroduce both review and preequasite work that many students neglect to remeber as they enter in the next stage of their academic development. Before entering honors calculus, my algebra II/Trig teacher provided us with a packet that included all o the prerequasite concepts we would need to be familiar with to be successful in the class. I had forgotten many of the concepts that would be neccesary to pass the class, but, with the help of my teacher, over the summer I was able to become prepared which enabled me to be sccessful in the class. Through prepration, the learning process becaomes much less daunting and much more managable.

Teacher desinged summer projects are more benificial to a student learning because students are inherently lazy. Many students fail to realize the value of knowledge and instead, only seek short term staisfaction. Many students would rather watch tv then attempt to learn something new. Thus, many students when given the oppurtunity to desighn their own summer projects, will pick something that is inherently simplicitic and quick to complete. Often, what students fail to realize is that when something is inherently simplistic and easy to complete their is often litte to be gained from its complesion. Many students, myself included, often spend hours a day on social media looking at images or videos which are inherintly meaningless. Rather than reading a book or learning something new, we indulge ourselves, and seek out short term satisfaction. However, when a student is assigned a summer project designed by a teacher, they are forced to work hard to complete an assignment which is often desighned to challenge them. As an artist, when I am given specific peramideters and deadlness concerning a new project I am much more modivated to complete my work in a timely manner. This greatly parallels my behavior concerning my self assigned work which I often put off completing. Teacher designed projects force us to push past our limits which inturn forces us to think in creative ways ad learn something new. Teacher designed projects motivate students to achieve a greater undestanding.

Although many individuals believe that compared to teacher designed work, student designed work allows students to have more freedom regarding their own learning and eduation, this is untrue. Student designed projects only give student freedom to learn about certain subjects to a point. Students are limited by their resources and overall, often only attempt to learn about something through the means of the internet. Teachers however, have sent years studying the subjects within their perspective feilds and often have decades of experience and resources at their disposal. Students simply lack the means to be able to guide their own education and acquisition of konwledge. Teachers on the other hand, can provide support and resources when designing various projects that a student wouldnt have acess to

Overall teacher designed summer projects are more beneficial to a students growth and devlopment over the course of the summer. Students are limited by their laziness and lack of experience/resources and thus dont have the ability to adequatley guide thier own lerning. Teacher designed summer projects are more beneficial to a childs learning because teachers have the ability to tailor various summer projects in away that will prepare students for the next step in their academic career and, because of the inherent lazines of most students.            