If schools allowed your child to be taught at home, it will improve their ability to be more focused, more self-disciplined, and more independent about leaning their curriculum. The student will feel more relaxed in their adjustable environment. There wont be any distractions that may occur in a typical school class. A handful of students would feel more safe being around at an everyday house. If the school allowed the children to learn at home, it would not just benefit that single child, but it will benefit the most of the school workers and the parents safety about their child.

The students would feel more satisfied being isolated at there safe house. Attending class form home would allow you to adjust your surroundings to make the student feel more comfortable rather than having school adjust the environment for their standards. People that are shy, such as myself, would prefer to attend class at home rather than go out to school where tons of kids attend to. However, shy people should go to school to help them improve their social skills, and be more outgoing. All students would be more comfortable attending class at home, but people that are shy would not improve their social skills.

Students tend to get distracted easily in class, that disrupts the flow and rhythm of the class. These classes often get off task from students that are trying to make the class more enjoyable, by being the class clown; the class clown usually makes jokes that will lead the entire class laughing, even the teacher may have a laugh, which ends up taking time away from the traditional class. If the children do attend class form home, the parents or guardian may monitor there behavior during the child class expiereance. Consequently if the children arent being monitored they could easily get distracted by doing anything they want like playing video games or even fall asleep in the middle of a lesson. The children being ignored may have a tough time staying on topic, while the children being monitored will highly stay focused on their lesson instead of being distracted from anything.

The children would feel more safe being isolated in their bedrooms rather than going on an unpredictable adventure to school. From the past few years, school shootings are happening more often, these shootings mostly involve mentally ill kids. One most know shooting was the "Columbine school shooting," the crime involved two kids that were getting bullied throughout their school years to cause this; bullying should be a topic to discuss with kids,

but it may seem as a difficult topic to discuss with children, as they will feel left out from their peers. If they attend class form home they could avoid being bullied and feel more safe being at their protected house; the problem is that the children acting as the bully,often has a problem at home that makes them take their frustrations out on other people. Many children would benefit learning at home, while several children may have family problems that disrupt their safety needs.

The benefits of attending class from home would not just benefit the student, but also the people that care about him. The students would gain more freedom and confidence, while attending class at home. The students would not be able to distract each other from learning, but may make the class seem more boring than usual. The safety of the students would be chosen by their parents actions instead of the schools actions. Overall the benefits of attending class from home, out ways the benefits of attending class from school.      