Things are not always as they appear. This phrase means that you can't always take the first opinion off of something, and rely on it to be correct. This can relate on multiple things. The main one being that you shouldn't take one opinion for something. You should take multiple opinions on the topic. This is so you can get the full range of information out. The pros and cons of this concept.

This is almost as if you were planning on going sky diving. You are unsure so you go and ask someone. They have no sky diving experience, and are afraid of heights, but you do not know that. So you ask them a few questions about it and they say you should not go. So you take there opinion and don't go.

Then if you were to take multiple opinions on a certain task, you could get different perspectives. If you wanted to go sky diving, you would take multiple opinions. This is so you can get the full understanding of what you are getting yourself into. One person could say that they have not gone, and that it would be a terrible idea to go. So instead of just taking that one opinion, you go around and ask other people as well. These people say that they have gone sky diving before and that they had one of the best times of their lives. So you take the majority of opinions and go sky diving. This just goes to show that things are not always as they appear, and that you should take multiple opinions on almost everything.

For another example, you want to go and explore a new cave on your on. The problem is, you have no cave exploration experience or knowledge. You go and ask just one person if it would be a good idea. Now exploring a new cave on your own would sound amazing to anyone. This person that you ask however, has cave exploring experience. They say that it is never a good idea to go by yourself, so you take their advice and do not go.

If you were to try the same thing, but instead of asking just one person, you ask multiple people. You could get a different response. However, it is also possible to get the same response. Say instead of going and asking one person, you ask multiple people. All of the people you ask say they have cave exploring experience and knowledge. When in reality, they do not. You ask everyone and then write down all of the information, and a majority says you should go. The thing is, you wanted to do this on your own. So you do not tell anyone where you are going. You get to the cave and look around. You believe that is is safe so you start exploring. When you are only 20 feet in, the roof closes behind you and traps you inside

The thing is, opinions do not always have to be on a mass amount of people. What also comes into effect is how much you trust this person. If you would ask someone you have never met, or if you would ask someone that you have known your whole life. Most people would choose to ask someone they have known, because they have a strong trust and belief that this person will help you make the right desicion.

For example, say you want to try a new sport or occupation, like football. You go to the medical office and ask if it would be a good idea to play football. The doctors say that it would not end up being smart in the long run because, you have a condition that makes your bones extremely fragile. Even the weakest hit on you could end up breaking all of your bones and leaving you paralyzed for the rest of your life.

So instead of listening to the doctors, you go and survey someone to see if you should play. The thing is, you don't mention your condition. Since this person doesn't know you, they do not know about your conditon. Now this person you survey is a football maniac, and they say you should play. You take their advice and play football. On the first play of the game, you get hit and are paralyzed. The doctors say you are paralyzed from the shoulders down, and will never be able to walk again.

Say instead of surveying someone you have never met, you survey someone that you have know for your whole life. You ask them some questions on if you should play football, not mentioning your condition. Since this person knows you very well, they already know about your condition and say you should not play. You could get extremely hurt and maybe even paralyzed. So you take their advice and you don't play. Then in the next week you get an email from your doctor. It reads as if they had found a cure for your condition and if you take medicine, in the next month, you will be back to normal.

For my conclusion, you should take multiple opinions on people you trust. Even if you think there is a chance someone or something is wrong, you are most likely correct. If you even ask just three people instead of one. You can get the full gist of the concept and make the right choice. This one little choice, could end up being something big. So when you ask multiple people for opinions, you are protecting your self from the dangers that are ahead in life.