When you ask for advice, do you go to one person and get only one opinion, or do you go to multiple people, and get multiple opinions? I believe that when it comes to getting advice you need to, keep an open mind, get multiple opinions, and think about everything logically when getting your advice.

When it comes to people needing advice I think that the first thing that people need to do is have an open mind. If you need help with something and you don't have an open mind about things you're never going to get anywhere. For example, lets say that you are in a fight with your friend, and you go to one of your other friends for advice on what to do. Are you going to go to your other friend needing advice an not having an open mind on what they may or may not have to say to you? No of course not because you can't really solve anything that way.

In addition, to keeping and open mind you also need to get multiple opinions, because you can't solve a problem just by getting only one persons opinion on the matter. That would be like going up to a group of your friends and saying, "I want to go get ice cream. How about you Generic_Name?" Then deciding on whether you go get ice cream or not just depending on her answer and her answer only, when there is a whole group of people who also have opinions on the situation as well.

Finally, after you have had an open mind and gotten multiple opinions, then you can start to make your decision, but you still have to think about it logically. Lets say just for example that you are thinking about going to get lunch with some friends. You've invited everyone, and they all said that they were coming you meet up somewhere, but now you have to decide where you all want to go. You picked out two different restaurants that you knew all of your friends would like and you got advice from a couple of your friends on where they thought the best place to go was. Now you have a decision to make. So what do you do? Pick where you want go the most, or pick where everyone else said that they would be happy? you need to think about it logically and make the best decision for the group and for you.

In conclusion, I hope that you can see that when it comes to getting advice, the best things that you can do are to keep and open mind, get multiple opinions, and then in the end, think about everything logically to make the best choice or decision on whatever it may be that you are struggling with. Just remember although things may get hard at times if you do the three steps of keeping an open mind, getting multiple opinions, and thinking about things logically then you will be able to get through anything.        