In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author presents information about driverless cars. The article sheds light on both the good and bad aspects of driverless cars. The article talks about many of the topics that come with the subject of driverless cars. Some of the topics of driverless cars that made its into this article includes: safety issues, obstacles that had to be overcome during the creation of driverless cars, and laws that will clear up some of the issues that driveless cars pose. Driverless cars should be the ideal mode of transportation in the near future.

Sensors have been in use in the automotive industry to add safety to there vehicles, and this technology will help make driverless cars much more safe than human-driven vehicles. When driverless cars can completely be self-driven, they will be using many sensors to be safer than their human-driven counterparts. With completely driverless cars, there will be no more room for human errors; there will be nothing that destracts driverless cars. Google has been making semi-driverless cars which have driven more than half a million miles without a single accident. These cars use a multitude of sensors to estimate the distance of objects near them. Sensors have been in use for over 30 years in the automotive industry to improve safety. One of the most important uses of sensors was with the creation of the antilock brake. These sensors were used to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone.

Driverless cars are going to be more eco-friendly than human-driven cars. Sergey Brin, a Google cofounder, believes that with a system of driverless vehicles, there would be 50% decrease in use of fuel. He also said that creating a public transportation system comprised of driverless vehicles would fundamentally change the world. With driverless technology, programs could easily be created to help reduce the use of fossil fuels when possible. Driverless cars in the future could perhaps shut off the engine while waiting at a railroad crossing. This is just one of the many uses that programming could help reduce the use of fossil fuels. Regenerative systems could also be put into use to reduce the use of fuel. Hybrid technology has been put into use by many manufacturers today, and could definately help driverless cars become more eco-friendly.

Driverless cars are the future of transportation as we know it. There are many positive aspects that will create a much greater society than what we have today. With it's safety features, vehicular accidents will become a thing of the past. With the fuel-saving ideas that are up-and-coming for driverless cars, the impact that we have made on our environment will hopefully be reduced. Driverless cars are going to be the new kings of the road.   