Dear principal,

It is hard to decide whether or not cell phones should be aloud on school campuses or to be used during school.

You should take advice from students attending your school as well as parents and staff members.

In my perspective as a student, I believe that we should be aloud to have our phones during school but to only on during breaks such as lunch.

Cell phones may seem like a distraction but they can be very helpful during school.

Cell phones can be useful for internet, language tools, and communication.

First, cell phones can be a major help by using the internet.

Students can use the internet on their phones to research facts for a homework assignment or project.

Sometimes students are not able to access a computer and when they have an assignment due the next day it would be a reliable source to use.

Some student may misuse the use of cell phones but it is not right to take that privilege away from everyone. CLOSING SENTENCE!!!

Second, cell phones can also be a help to students who need translaters or help spelling a word.

If a student is not able to use a computer, they would be able to use their phone to finish an assignment.

Tools like this are educational and will help a student learn.

Third, cell phones can be a great source of communication.

Students can get tired of having to go up to an office to use a student phone, just for a simple question they have to ask their parents.

Also, when parents have jobs, they will not get fired or a detention for someone calling them.

Students sometimes have emergencies where their is not enough time to go to the office and it is easier to text whoever they need.

As students get older, they realize the importance usually of education and don't mess around with their phones.

Cell phone should not be forbidden at school and should at least be accessible during breaks.

In conclusion, schools should be aloud to use cell phones during breaks but not during school hours unless necessary.

Cell phones can be a great help from the use of internet, language tools, and communication.

If a student is not able to use a computer, a phone would be very helpful for research.

Also e