In the article, Driverless Cars Are Coming, in the first paragraph it ask you, "Can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore?" In response to that question, I believe that the future does have ideas for such things, Why? Technology has taught us to be creative, we live in a world where you almost have to do nothing for yourself. So computer operrated cars are no shock to my eyes and ears, well until it actually happens...

I will begin talking about the risk being ensured, I say ensured because it is almost bound to happen to have reported accidents and or malfunctions.

In the article it mentions people testing out and making assumptions to these self driven cars. One statement caught my eye when saying "They worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical." That is one example of why we shouldn't be putting self driven cars on the road, they're going to be expensive and always needing an upgrade, what if you're driving, well your car is driving itself, and you run into an issue while on the road with others out there, could the car malfuntion and cause you to lose your life?

I do believe that people only do things because they feel as if they need to be up to date on what the new and improved inventions: Not saying I wouldn't have fun, but am I wiling to risk my life along with others?

There are some positive perks about these self drivin cars... One being The necessititaes the car being ready to quickly get the drivers attention when the car is about to run into, on going traffic, construction sites, and or a route to which a human is needed to attend the wheel.

Have they thought about giving examples on when a good time to use these cars instead of an everday drive? I think more advice would help give a good responsible outlook on these cars. I mean it all sounds fun in games to have something to futurisitic, but let's be realisitic and think about the cost, and how much you will need to update on it, do you need a certain type of insurance to purchase this car? Is my safety guarenteed?

These questions i asked would need to be answered before i ever think about buying, everyone needs to know the answers to these questions before not even thinking about all of the above.

In conclusion I would like to say that although it sounds fun it's too risky for me to try. I hope when these cars have passed the laws that the laws aren't broken... I will be sticking to my own driving for myslef, i like to have control and know whats ahead for me. I think driverless cars are ignorant and no needed.