Self driving cars are becoming more and more popular as techology advances making it feel like one day in the future we're gonna just ditch the cars all together and we're all going to be hovering around on hover boreds and there wont be a reason for people to learn to drive. Realizing this makes people wonder if there will one day not be a purpose for a drivers license because techniacally they won't be driving. But with everyone just wanting to be in with the new things in the world no one ever thinks about some of the dangers self driving cars could cause.

One danger people should be extremly aware of is the independance on the vehicle. When people hear the phrase Self Driving Cars they think about something completely different and more advanced than what driverless cars actually are. They instantly assume that they have a free ride to where they want to go and can be oblvious of there surroundings when thats not the case at all. What if there is a malfuction and they have to be ready to take the wheel to keep from drving into a ditch and they arn't. As stated in the article it says "..the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation comes." this means that even though people are not driving doesn't mean they can sit on their phone text and expect there not to be any problems because they can't be so dependant on a machine.

Another problem there is with getting the driverless car on the road is the laws that need to be passed to allow them. only three state have allowed them to begin driving on the roads which are "California,Nevada and Florida" but even those states keep them on minimum useage for acident prevention. As stated in the article "..even if traffic law change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident." which means that there would be conflicts between owners and manufacturers to see who would be responsible if there were accidents caused by malfuctions.

Now there is a diiference between self driving and autopilot. with autopilot people still understand this as you have to be cautious if though they arn't driving they still have to steer. As stated "Tesla has projected a 2016 reaease for a capable of drivihng atuopilot 90 percent of the time" this says that even though it's not self drving you can still drive with little to no driving at all.

Even though it would be cool to have a self drivng car people still need to put safety of themselves and others before buying a driverless car.