Students should not be forced to do any extracurricular activities against their will. Making the decision of forcing students to do extracurricular activities will decrease their will to work, increase cost for schools, and need time to breathe. Here is why forcing students to do extracurricular activites is so bad.

One of the reasons why students shouldn't be forced to do extracurricular activities is that they will not want to do anything and will not do anything. If students were forced to work on the yearbook, the students working on it will not do anything and not try their best. Then the yearbook would be done poorly or not even done at all. If the students were forced to be on the student council then they would not do anything at all and the council would be just for show. Whatever extracurricular activities they will be forced to do, they will not try hard at all and nothing will be done at all.

Another reason why students shouldn't be forced to do extracurricular activities is that it will increase costs for the school. The school would have to pay for any supplies and teacher that stays after. If the school were to have a basketball team, the school will have to pay the teacher for staying after and the basketballs in case they don't have them or need more. If there was a board game club, the school will have to pay for the board games and the teacher staying after. Each activity needs supplies and a teacher to supervise or help the students so the overall costs will go up if the amount of students that stay after go up.

The last reason why students shouldn't be forced to do extracurricular activities is that some people need time to breathe after school. They cannot go to school and then right after school do even more work they may not even like. They would rather indulge in their hobbies and have fun playing games or outside with friends and have fun doing the things they love. They students may even crash from all the work given to them without a break.

Making the decision of forcing students to do extracurricular activities will decrease their will to work, increase cost for schools, and need time to breathe. Why should students be forced to do something they don't want to and will harm the school's budget? Students need choice and need to enjoy life without someone forcng them to do something they don't like. Thats why overall, students shouldn't be forced to do extracurricular activities.