You can always ask for advice from a friend, but have you tried to seek or talk to multiple people? It's a better option. Usually when people ask for advice, they talk to more than one person. This is much better than just hearing one person's opinion. Even though sometimes someone would just like to talk to their friend for advice, maybe it could be better for that person. Seeking multiple options when asking for advice can help someone make a better choice because they might like another piece of advice better than the other and they could be more open to try more than one piece of advice at one time.

Someone might like a piece of advice better than the other. Someone might like a piece of advice better than the other because one might make them feel at ease or just be easier for them to understand while the other does not make sense or work out. For example, if someone is looking for advice on how to serve the ball better over the net in volleyball, they are not going to want to take the advice that tell them to just get stronger, they are going to take the one that helps them maybe on technique. Maybe the opposite, it depends what they are looking for. So someone liking a piece of advice better than the other is a reason that a person might talk to more than one person for advice because they might like one outlook better than the other.

Someone could want to try more than one piece of advice at one time. Trying more than one piece of advice at one time could be effective because all pieces of advice that you are taking could all be similar in some way. Using the same volleyball example, someone might say "you need a faster arm swing" and the other "you need to toss the ball higher". These are both giving that person advice on technique. If you use both, you will be happier with the results. Using more than one piece of advice is effective because both could work in the same situation.

To help someone make a better choice when asking for advice they should seek for multiple options. This is because they might like one piece of advice better than the other. One may be good for the situation, and the other may not be good. Another reason is because they might want to do or try more than one piece of advice at a time, like if all of the pieces of advice tie together, the result could be good or better. In conclusion, seek for more than one option when asking for advice because you should see all of the opportunities and ways that they could help.