The face on Mars was not created by aliens. You may think this because it was on Mars, and some may think this was a sign of life on the planet. But, this is not true. It was not created by aliens, but by shadows. It was formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. As I said, this was just an illusion.

This happend 25 years ago, and people are still fussing about how this was created by aliens. This is impossible because there is no life on Mars. This "face" is just a natural landform. Many years ago scientists thought it was a sign of life too, but this was short lived. Soon after they thought this, they figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, where the spacecraft was circling when they found the face. This Martain mesa was just like the others, except it had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh.

Soon after the scientists saw this unusual Martian mesa, they released it to the press so everyone could see. The "Face on Mars" has since become a pop icon. It has starred in movies, magazines, radio talk shows, and as the passage says "Haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years". This is a perfect example of why you shouldn't trust what you see on movies, online, or read in magazines.

In the passage it says,"Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars, evidence that NASA would rather hid, say conspiracy theorists. Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an acient civilization on Mars." If you pay attention to the last sentence, it says,"Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an acient civilization on Mars", the key word in this is "wish". This is just more proof that this was just a natural landform.

In conclusion, the Face on Mars was not created by aliens. It was just another Martian mesa that had unusual shadows that looked like a face. This story and picture was released to the press, and people belived that it was created by aliens, and that it was a sign of life on Mars, but that is not true. This is why you should not believe movies, radio talk shows, and what you read in magazines. This shows that the "Face on Mars" was not created by aliens as a sign of life, but a shadow.         