Do you think computers can tell your emotional expressions? If so why do you think so. In the passage it talks about how the computer calculates your emotions and show what type of emotions you are having. In the paragraphs it talks about people and what there emotions are just by looking at a computer. I honestly don't think this type of thing is valuable to the students at all.

The reason i think it's not valuable is because what do you need to know how people is feeling or not before? If it really was a problem with them they would come up and tell the teacher what's wrong with them. Like for example you can be smiling all day in still not be happy about something. So if it just goes off your facial expressions than i don't think it is valuable. On the other hand if it can see what you really are thinking than maybe it is a little valuable to the students and teahcers at school. So it really depends on how the technology works to really know if it's valuable or not.

In paragragh 3 it tells you all the type of emotions it regonizes .Like for example it say "your frontalis pars lateralis muscle(above your eyes)raised your eyebrows when you're surprised."This tells us that just off of face expressions it can tell how you feel. My point is though is what if you have a face expression on your face but that is really not how you are feeling, is the computer going to know that or not because if they don't once again i don't think it's going to be that valuable to people.

In paragraph 4 it states that" the facial expressions for each emotion are universal,"observes Dr. Huang,"even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression"What he was meaning by that is that there are a lot of face expressions you can make & you might look at it one way but the other person might look at it differently than you sometimes. In paragraph 5 it says "For instance,you can probably tell how your friend or a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. Of course,most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy,worried, ect."Meaning a frend of yours can have one faical expression on there face but be feeling total different inside.

In this last paragraph i want to know what you think about the faical action coding system. I wonder do you think this is valuable to students in teachers in schools. What are some things that they can do to make this facial thing a little better and things like that. Or would you keep everything the way it is because you like it i want to know what you guys think about this passage.