Dear TEACHER_NAME

I understand that you are thinking about changing the cell phone policy. I think that you should go with policy because students could would use they own to call if they were sick. Also it cause less crowd in the office by the phones. Then a third reason is that kids if they forgot something they could call their mom own their own and tell them. These are some reason why I think you should go with policy one.

First of all I have had personal experience around stuff like this. I have gotten really sick at school and I had to call my mom on the school phone. One thing is you don't knows who has touched and if they were sick or not. Also you don't know were it has been. So I would much rather a cell phone my own cell phone to call my mom.

Second the office is always crowded because people need to call their parents. Also some groups of kids which are friends come together into the office for just one person to call. Which as you know that's got to get crowded eventually. So If we can't use cell phones in the free time available then it would get very crowded in the office. So that's another reason why we should have the free usage of cell phones.

My final third reason is that if people forgot to grab something on their way out the door they could call home. Also coming back to the crowded office issue they would not have any time to call home. So during one of the free times they could call home and ask for sympathy from their mom or dad to bring whatever they had forgotten. Then if something came up after school they could tell there mom without going to the office wich would help the crowding in the office. That's why we should have usage of our cell phones.

I think we should have policy one because If we were sick we could get ba ride home and not have to use the phone in the office. Then the phone in the office would not be crowded around. My third reason is If a kid forgot some thing they could always call home in passing of classes. These are all my reasons for policy number one.

Sincerely

STUDENT_NAME