I believe that there are many advanteges of limiting car use, people should ride bikes more or walk to places that are near by instead of driving it helps clean the world of all the pollution in the air. Walking or riding a bike instead of driving to places that are close enough helps prevent the build up of smog, also you save money on gas. Second it helps lower pollution that is in the air and helps lower peoples stress, and last it helps to conserve energy, lower emmissions and improve saftey. If it is ever necesery to use a car, try car-pooling or get a taxi instead of driving yourself.

Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of the greehouse gas in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car intensive areas in the United States. If people who live near stores would use bikes and would walk to the store instead of driving it would help minimize the expansion of smog. After five days of the partial driving ban in Paris the capital of france congestion (traffic) went down 60 percent, the smog rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. Also an advantage for limiting the use of cars is you save on the money you would spend on gas. you would be able to spend it on yourself or on important things like bills and groceries.

Second it helps lower pollution that is in the air and helps lower peoples stress levels. Peoples stress levels will come down due to the exercise they will be doing instead of driving, for exmaple in Bogota, Colombia parks and sports centers have bloomed through out their city, also not having to worry about if they they have enough money for gas will help the stress go down.

Last but not least a few other advanteges are it helps to conserve energy, lower emmissions and improve saftey. It conserves the fossil fuels that are running out fast due to many people driving. It also helps lower emmission from the cars that people drive aroud the United states and the world, which pollutes the air and then creates smog. And it helps improve safety by haing less car sccidents and people being run over by cars. It will help by making the death rate of accidents go down.

In conclusion I believe these reasons are why there are advantages to limiting car usage, walking or riding a bike instead of driving to places that are close enough helps prevent the build up of smog, also you save money on gas. Second it helps lower pollution that is in the air and helps lower peoples stress, and last it helps to conserve energy, lower emmissions and improve saftey.                 