In my opinion I believe change the election to popular vote because it is better for the citizens and all of the people. And doing the popular votes is better to do because it gives everyone a chance to vote for who they want to support for their president.

The Electoral College may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying there state, knowing their vote will have no effect at all, they will tend to have less incentive to pay attention to the campaihn than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote. The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. So thats not far to every state.

The Electoral College is mostly regared as an anachronism a non-democratic method of selecting a president that out to be overuled by declaring the cadidate who receives the most popular votes is the winner. The electoral College is totally unfair to the people who want to vote for president and outdated. The best arguments based on reality. Onlu 270 people have to voke to elect the president and thats crazy because they could all gang up and be told to chose only one person and thats unfair to the other person running for president. The best argument against the electoral college is what we call the disaster factor. American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century the system really calls for much worse.

The electoal college is unfair to voters, because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know have a chance of winning. Just during the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in the 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaigm ad. When you think you are voting for a president candiate you are actully voting for a slate of electors, so you end up getting betrayed by the system            