Should you be able to be on the phone while driving? These days people text and talk on the phone while they drive. To me it is not safe because you can hurt other people on the road or other people in the car with you.

People like me want their family to come home in one-piece and for people to get hurt because someone was playing with their phone is not right at all. Therefore, I say there should be a law against people having their phone out while driving.

Teenagers are most likely to get in a car accident because of phones. I think teens get in more accidents than adults because they have their whole life on their phones and forget they are driving. Also, when they have drama in their life they have to check their phones every other second to see what this and that person said about them. Then they want to be all over social media to show people they are driving. The next thing you know they hit another car and someone is hurt. Lastly, they feel like they must text their boyfriend or girlfriend back as fast as they rather than wait until they are no longer driving.

Texting and driving are one of the most dangerous things in the whole world to me. I say that because people know that texting and driving is dangerous, and they still do it. Then when it happens they say it's not their fault and they know they were on their phone. When they see that they hurt somebody, they ack like they are scared and sorry but all they had to do is put down the phone and drive the right way. That is how most car accidents happen these days. It could all be prevented if the phones were put down.

It is clear to see why texting and driving is not smart. Just think, what if every time you put up your phone you save a family from getting hurt. What if it was your family getting hurt because somebody is on their phones. How would u feel? You wouldn't like it so why do it.

If you just put the phone down the world would be safer. This is something that can be prevented.

PLEASE DON'T BE ON YOUR PHONE WHILE DRIVING. REMEMBER YOU CAN SAVE A LIFE IF YOU JUST PUT IT DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   