School projects are required for students at certain schools to complete over the summer to prove that they are still learning over their break. The summer projects should be student designed, because they are not in school at the time. If the teachers want to assign a project to the students for a period that they are not enrolled in the school system, they can atleast throw the ball into the students court on where to take it from there. As long as the student sticks to the theme of the project. A project to show you're learning something like the one in this case, can be taken through many different routes.

Summer is a school vacation. When most schools let out for the break, they don't hold the students accountable for any school work. Unless say you were participating in home school, which would be a different story. Although this school inparticular has a different prespective by wanting the reassurance that their students are not brain-washed throughout the next couple months off. Assigning a simple tasks to show your teacher that you have really learned something, is not bad when student-designed, as long as kept within appropriate boundaries. When you get assigned something, with the choice to choose where you go from there, you will result in a better outcome. Learning something that you are curious, or excited about will give you a whole different experience. When something intrests you, you gain motivation.

If the teachers had chose to design a project for the students, it would most likley be a clique. Im thinking thick stacks of paper you have to read through, by following up questions and writting. There is already enough of that work in school. If that is what the school would be going for with the summer project, they might as well find a way to cancel summer out completely. Being a pupil myself I know that as soon as I walk out of those school doors, I'm free for the next couple months. If you throw a stack of paper work at me at that time, I'm most likley to hold off, or forget about it copletely. As for i had just got released from that type of routine. Throwing extreme school paperwork at me as soon as I get free from that, doesn't make the most sense. If thats the case, cancel out summer completely, because the tradition of summer is a school vacaction.

Say you simply hand the students a one sheet of paper stating that they need to come back into the next school year, exhibiting that they learned something intresting or new over the summer, you will get better outcome. Once you release the kids from the school, especially for summer you are not going to get the same energy out of most of them. If they are not enrolled at the time, the bottom line is that they really do not owe you anything. Giving pupils that freedom, then throwing what they are getting away from right back at them is not the way to go with this. Doing that, a lot of kids will have no desire nor care at all to complete that task. Summer is about chill and good vibes. Throw something simple but effective at the students, then you tell me if you achieve a good outcome in return .