I remember when I was in 7th grade, I caught the swine flu and still remember everything vividly. It was one of the worst experiences of my life. As a result of that ungodly flu, I had to stay home from school for 2 weeks. I would say it was nice staying home for that long, but I was kind of on my bed dying during those days. It was a relief when I was finally able to go back but I was not prepared for the truckload of work I missed and would have to make up. It all took a while but I eventually caught up with all the work. It's amazing how many things go on over a span of two weeks. Someone even made up a rumor that I got hit by a bus and died. Most people surprisingly believed it, and it was a huge shock when I went back, but that's not important. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because of the following reasons: it could make up for when students aren't able to go to school and it would provide mental and physical benefits. I'm sure other students have gone through what I did and can relate to the struggle of not being able to attend school and missing crucial learning days.

First, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it could make up the days when students can't actually go. I've actually seen a few cases of this lately. Because of the coronavirus, many school around the world have closed to prevent the virus from spreading. I was scrolling on Tik Tok and saw a couple students from a school in Japan having lessons over Skype with the entire class, including the teacher. If schools here would ever have to come to actually shutting down, I think that'd be an excellent way to keep up with lessons. Same thing goes with illnesses. A student with a contagious illness could keep up with class by video calling while the class is in lesson and still keep their distance. I wish I had that option back when I was stuck home with the swine flu. Being able to attend classes by online or video conferencing would also be beneficial for weather related cases. Not lately, but years ago, when we'd actually get snow, we'd miss weeks total worth of snow days and we'd have to make up for those lost days by extending the school year into summer, which everybody hated. A chance to attend classes over video calls would prevent that.

Second, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it would give students a physical and mental "break". Physically wise, students won't have to worry about transportation, which can sometimes be a problem for some people. They also wouldn't have to get up so early. I once had to present a persuasive speech on why schools should later and found a lot of things during my research. Teenagers need at least 8 hours of sleep and are actually scientifically proven to naturally fall asleep at a later time. With schools already starting at such an early time, this doesn't give the students the full hours of sleep they need or let them fall asleep at the time that's beneficial to their bodies. If students had the opportunity to takes classes from school, they could be able to start the classes at a later time. As for mentally, if students could attend classes from home, it would relieve a great deal of stress. because they'd be in the comfort of their own home. They'd also have availability to unlimited bathroom breaks, which is something that's so strict at public schools. I actually know someone who attends school from home and she's always telling me how it's so great because being at a physical location is draining, which I can agree with.

With technology advancing everyday, we always find new ways to do stuff, one of those things is video calling. We can talk to one or more people while being miles apart. Students can even do this and "go to school" right from their living rooms. Students being able to attend school from home would be beneficial because it could make up for when students aren't able to go to school and it would provide mental and physical benefits. 