Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way online or video conferencing. Students would not benefit from being able to attent classes from home because: students would not have a social communication with their classmates, students would not ask questions to the teacher for help when they need it, and students would not participate in class activies or projects.

Firstly, students would not have a social communication with their classmates because students are taking classes at home, there is not a way to meet new friends. For example, in the school students would know different types of people, races,and cultures. Also, students would know each other, share special moments, and have a friendship. Secondly, students would not be able to ask questions to the teacher because they are at home, taking classes online, sometimes students get confused or they have some question but they can not ask to the teacher. For example, students do not understand something, it is hard for them to ask about it because there is not a teacher who would answer all the questions that they need or if they are doing a homework and they get confused, it would be hard for them to finish it because they do not know if they are doing right or wrong their homework. Thirdly, students would not be able to participate in class activities or projects because they are taking classes by themselves at home. For example, in the school, students can work in groups projects, expositions, and activies. Moreover, when students work in groups, they can learn how other students work, the tecniques that they use and skill that they have.

In contrast, some students would benefit for taking classes online from home because, students feel safety at home, some students live far away of the school and they do not have transportation. Also, some students have jobs and other responsablities.

In conclusion, some students would not benefit from taking classes online from home becasue, they would not have a social communication, they would not ask question os ask for help, and they would not participate in class activies.