When you think of voting for president, do you think of the white house, your nearest voting station, absentee ballots, or Electoral College? Is Electoral college a good thing or does it leave some states in the dust? In my opinion we need to drop electoral college and vote ny popular vote. In the article "What is the Electoral College?" The authors,the office of Federal Register, say that "you help choose your states electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors".(the office of Federal Register p.6). It states that when you vote you are not actually voting for the candidate you want but his or hers electors, Hereby proving that you are not voting for the President of the United States, but for the hope of your vote counting.

Every state has a certain number of electoral votes. Some have high amounts known as "swing votes".  An example of a swing state would be California with a whoping 55 electoral votes. States like this are more likely to see the candidates speak and do more campaigning, due to the high number of electoral votes. But what about other states who have to see their future President through a tv screen because they dont have as many electoral votes as larger states. For example a less visited state would be Rhode island with only one electoral vote becuase of the small population. In the passage "In Defense of the Electoral College:Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president" by Richard A. Posner it states that "They are likely to be the most thoughtful voters, on average(and for the further reason that they will have recieved the most information and attention from the candidates), and the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election"(posner p.3 swing states). This statement is saying since the bigger states with more electoral votes are the most informed they should be the ones to decide. "Why are they more informed" you might ask?, Becuase ther are the bigger states and have more attention from the candidates than smaller states. Any state with large Electoral Colege votes are basically choosing our countrys leader and just because we live in a smaller state means we have very little to no say?

More people would be informed of our candidates and care more about the election if they knew individually they got a say without the rest of the state triumphing over their vote. If a candidate sees that a state with fifty five Electoral College votes is not liking him , and if a state with only three electoral college votes isnt for him, the candidate will go for the higher amount of votes state. How are we supposed to be united and one as a country if a larger state has more votes than a smaller one therefor gets more attention and time from a future President." Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would if the president were picked by popular vote..."(Posner p.5 avoid run off elections). If they have no incentive to pay attention THEN GIVE THEM INCENTIVE! Many people who are the appropriate age to vote complain about people not voting but if they think their vote will not matter than why would they?

Popular vote can insure that every single American can have a vote of their own and not grouped together with the rest of the state. I think that knowing your opinion and voice can count and truely make a difference matters in a situation like voting for president. "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president"(Plumer p.10). As it says we are not even voting for our president but for votes.

If the United states president was elected by popular vote then it wouldnt matter what states got more attention and "how many more states do i have to win over to be the president?" but a true genuine popular vote for the leader of our country. That is why we need to abolish the Electoral College and get on with the popular vote situation.    