Ugh! Have you ever been stuck in a tough decision? Were deciding your actions the toughest thing out of everything else? That's why seeking advice from others is helpful and it has many benefits. Asking others about your problem can offer you others' point of view on your situation, it gives you multiple choices on what you're going to do, and it also allows you to have an idea on what you're going to do. As you can see, Advice can be very rewarding and useful when you get stuck in situations.

First, you can see others' point of view on your problem. Advice can allow you to see what other people would choose to do if they were placed in your spot. For example, If you were deciding whether to hang out with friends or complete your school assignments, you could ask a friend. They would probably state what they would choose, and back it up with reasons why they chose what they chose. You would receive advice and why you should choose that option. One opinion can help you choose what you'd like to do or say. Although seeking more than just one can give you more choices and options.

Secondly, it gives you multiple options and often gives you an idea on what you're going to go with. To me, its like a video game. For instance, lets say you are battling a final boss, the game lets you choose what to do next. If you have one opinion thats your own, You'll only have that one choice and would have to go along with it because you didn't receive any other opinions from others. If you do explore others' thinking, you'll have more options to defeat that final boss.

Finally, After receiving all those ideas on what others would do if they were placed in your shoes, you can get your own idea on what to do. If you didn't like what they had to say if it was their decision, you can combine multiple opinions to produce your own to choose in your battle of choice.

Its like a math equation! If you have three plus blank is equal to six, you need that one number to complete the expression. The three represents your opinion and the blank represents someone else's opinion, When you get theirs, it's complete! You have an idea of what to do.

All in all, I think advice is a good thing. It can help out in any sort of problem you're stuck in. It is useful and again, it comes with many great outcomes. No more ugh!

When you get advice, it turns into a whoo hoo!

You aren't stuck in a tough decision anymore! And you owe it all to asking for advice from friends and family. If you're ever stuck in a tough decision, I suggest asking for advice. 