I think that seeking opinions for multiple people is a good idea ,for its kind of that voting if most of the people that you've ask says the same thing it must or most likely true, Another reason I think it a good idea is because it can help you get out of a bad relationship, My Last reason i think asking multiple people for there opinion is it is voting because some people loves there country and wants the best for it some people don't (people that vote for Donald Trump). So really it can be good and bad.

Have you ever just didn't know what to wear and then you ask people on the phone, your mom, your dad, your granny, and even your favorite uncle, and then half of them say wear the left one then to say wear the right one which one would you pick?.... THE LEFT ONE RIGHT . See asking people to help is fun (well at least to me).Did you see this thing on instagram where you can put 2 or more oppsions and then te people that view it can vote then which ever oppsion has the most vote you have to do it its pretty fun if you ask me (mostly youtubers do that). Sometimes doin that it is bad take me for example I had this friend named Generic_Name and I asked her whether I should wear the dark blue jeans or the light blue jeans she said the light ones then I came to school with the light jeans and I had a bottom locker so I got on my knees so I can open my like and then someone must have spilled some coffee and my pant where covered in coffe and Generic_Name starting laughing and it wasn't funny and that mde me mad thats when my mom told me not to trust nobody but the man above.

By the way that last paragraph was my first reason anyways my second reason i think asking people for help ,for it can help you get out of a bad relationship becacuse it can be abuse, no love in the reltionship, and one of them could be cheating. You never know it can be very hard for a person to get out of a bad relationship. That why when you watch a terrible relationship move most of them ask there mom for advice or the friends oe who ever they be talking to and by the end they're are out the the realstionship.

My very last reason I think asking for advice from multiple people is a good thing, for its just like voting. In this paragragh im going to be talking about how its bad and good. Sometimes voting can be bad or good becasue we never know what type of president we'll really get so it is bad but sometimes good. When peopl vote the can vote for a bad pesident (Trump) or a good president (Obama). Just like what i said in paragragh one whne ou get more votes there is a president when you get less ther not the president. I never heard of a president geting a tie though.

In conclusion asking for advice from multiple people can be good or bad you never know. Also it can be very hard to choose bewteen because you can' pick both in this world. One more thing you can't trust just everybody. Good can be simple things and bad can be simple things. I meant to put this in the relationship paragraph but the about asking for advice from a terrible relatioship is when you tell you friend or even you own mother can say just stick around it will get better just be a good wife or husband.