Generic_Name is having a test tomorrow and needs to get an one hundred percent so she can pass math class but she is having a extremely hard time understanding what ten plus ten is, she asks her dad the question, he says, "Im not the best math teacher but i'm pretty sure ten plus ten is twenty one." Generic_Name believes her dad, and reminds herself ten plus ten is twenty one. the next morning she wakes up and reminds herself to plus ten is twenty one and goes to school, she has math right as she goes to school, she took the test and it said she got a eighty nine percent. She was shocked and didnt know what to do, she looked at the one she got wrong and it was ten plus ten, she was even more surprised and told the teacher. The teacher said, "The answer was twenty." She failed math class all because of her dad making a silly mistake and because Generic_Name did not ask anyone else. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you can see if it is truly the right answer, in case the first person that looked at it did it wrong, you can get a better understanding of what your looking at.

First off, you can see if it is truly the right answer. For example, Generic_Name has science homework on fission and fusion and needs help, he tries the problem himself and thinks he did it right and goes on his day. the next day he turns it in feeling confident about his work, the teacher grades the homework and gives back the papers, Generic_Name knows that he got an A but instead he got an F because he didnt ask anyone to help him and he has to pay the price. Generic_Name has science homework on fission and fusion and needs help, he tries the problem himself and then asks his parents they star the ones Generic_Name got wrong so that he can fix his mistakes. Now that Generic_Name double checked his work he earned an A. Additionally, Generic_Name has a orchestra concert and doesnt understand a note on his piece, he acts like he knows it and goes on. The teacher said, "anyone need assistance," and no one answered. The orchestra was in the middle of the piece and the note was getting closer and closer to Generic_Name. The note hit and Generic_Name let out a loud shriek on his instrument and everyone looked at him like he was crazy, the judges marked down our score and we got a three one of the worst grades in orchestra. Generic_Name has a orchestra concert today and is having a hard time understanding one note in the piece, he asks the teacher, "What note is that on measure thirty two." The teacher says D. Now they had a great concert and they got a one, the best score you can get.

Secondly, in case the first person you asked got it wrong. For instance, Generic_Name has a lab in science and is working with elephant toothpaste, he wants it to explode just like in the movies. Generic_Name did all the instructions and his partner double checked we were good to go. Then we let it go and nothing happened, we were both looking at each other confused. The teacher looked at what we did wrong and we didnt put the acid in the tube. Generic_Name is in lab today, they are trying to make elephant toothpaste. Generic_Name looked at all the instructions and his partner double checked, we raised our hand to tell the teacher that we are ready and the teacher checked the lab and they forgot the acid. Now that they have the acid they can see the big, foamy explosion. Another example, Generic_Name has soccer practice and needs to know the play that the coach is going pick, the coach wasnt paying attention and said, "Oh um lets do route five." Generic_Name agrees and starts the play, he goes up the field passes to the player up top he passes back down and Generic_Name kicks it. The play is simple but the defense didnt here them so they started without the defense paying attention. Generic_Name kicks it and hits the goalie in the face and the goalie was stunned because he didnt see it and fell. If the coach was paying more attention then it wouldnt have happened. Generic_Name is at soccer practice and coach was not paying any attention and Generic_Name asks what play coach said, "Lets do route five." Generic_Name nodes his head and goes on. The assistant coach says hold up, the defense isnt even ready. The assistant coach tells the defense the play. No one has to get injured.

Lastly, you can get a better understanding of what your looking at. For example, Generic_Name has a science fair that is due today and he dosen't comprehend one of the slides he is scared that he wont make the finals, but he turns it in anyways and the judges are looking at Generic_Name's science fair project. They are on the part where Generic_Name was worried on, they scoped it out very strictly and gave Generic_Name a score. He got second place all because of that one slide. Generic_Name has a science fair due today and he has one problem, he has a question on what to do on this slide. The other groups were nice enough to help Generic_Name out and get him first place. Adding on, Generic_Name was a straight A student and did not want to lose her streak. Generic_Name has a very important essay to do for a grade. It is worth sixty percent of her grade, she does not want to get a bad grade on the essay because then her grade will turn into a C. She has a question but dosent want the other people to know that she isnt smart so she keeps it in. On the essay she is nervous and is confused but she turns it in anyways, she regrets not telling anyone about her question. She got a B on it and now she is not a straight A student. Generic_Name has an essay due today and has a question she asks a lot of her class mates the question and they told her, Now Generic_Name is ready and prepared for the essay.

Generic_Name is having a test tomorrow and has a question, she asks her dad what is ten plus ten is he says twenty one Generic_Name believes him but still asks her mom, she said it was twenty. Now that I know the answer I can get an A and pass math class. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you can see if it is truly the right answer, in case the first person that looked at it did it wrong, you can get a better understanding of what your looking at.