Driverless Cars Are Coming

In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" there are alot of good facts and opinions for the people who are for the project and also against.

In that case i will have to choose the side that is for the project of making Driverless Cars.

In my opinion i think that if we had Driverless Cars we wouldnt have to worry about having to pay for tests or classes in order to drive cars because you wouldnt need to drive if there were Driverless cars.

Also in my opinion Driverless Cars would help the envirement because it would use about half as much as cars would with an individual driving it manually as stated in Paragraph 1, Senctence 4 " The cars he(Sergey Brin) foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus".

As I said before I am for the project of making Driverless Cars.

I honestly would enjoy not having to drive around everywhere and just be able to relax on my way somewhere or on a trip.

Also it is kind of like you would have your own personal driver.

I would invest into this project because i think it could really help the community and the people because everyone struggles to get places and it is very hectic.

In that case if we had Driverless Cars we wouldnt have to worry about it being hectic because it would all be calm and everything would have order.

Also there would be a sudden decrease in deaths due to car accidents or road rage.

Having Driverless Cars would decrease deaths because there wouldnt be anymore drunk drivers, or drivers that do drugs or any kind of products that cause hallucinations or cause problems for the drivers to see.

There wouldnt be anymore deaths or accidents caused by drivers on there phones or texting while driving because they wouldnt have to drive anymore the car would drive to where they need to go for them.

That way people can use there phones to call or text who ever they need to while keeping everyone safe from accidents because they are not the ones driving the car it is driving itself.

People should really consider on being for this project of making Driverless Cars, Instead of being against it.

I mean yeah there is gonna be a few problems in the begining of the making of the Driverless Cars.

So in that case once they make the cars they can see what is wrong and how they can fix it so it doesnt happen anymore.

Then everything will be fine and all they have got to do is do a little bit of Trial and Error.

People dont understand that if we have Driverless cars that things would be so much easier, Because we dont have to worry about any danger coming from people behind the wheel of a car.

So that means no accidents or death or having to be worried about someone causing a wreck for wreckless driving or failure to controll the vehicle.

Yes it might put some people out of jobs but look at how much good it would do for out planets air by using less fuel.

Also look at how there would be no accidents or deaths from driving.

Therefore there wouldnt be a need for state troopers or having to get unwanted speeding tickets or tickets for driving in general. it would be less money for court systems, the Federal Goverment, also less money for people to have to pay if they recieved a ticket.

Also it would droop the rates on taxes because the goverment wouldnt need to pay state troopers or cops that watch for laws being broken that apply to driving a vehicle.

So people would have less things to pay and they could put that money towards their kids education.

This would allow more kids to goto college and future their education.

meaning more jobs would be created and alot more people wouldnt be poor or homeless because they wouldnt need to pay as much taxes or have to pay insurance on a vehicle or even have to pay money to own one. Therefore it would drop the rates on people being homeless and poor.

Also it would put more kids in school

So this is why i am for the project of making Driverless cars.

In my opinion i just think it would help out a lot more things than make things worse.

I believe it would help more than anything because we wouldnt have to worry about a lot of stuff with vehicles.

So this is my argument against the people who believe that we shouldnt have Driverless Cars. I believe it will do more good than harm that is why i am for this project to make Driverless Cars instead of against it.