Dear Principal,

Hi, my name is STUDENT_NAME, and I am a student at your school. I believe that policy 2, "do not allow students to have phones at school at all", is the better policy. I think this because students might try to cheat on tests with their phones, get distracted during class or distract others, and the phones might get lost or stolen which would destroy the tight community.

Students might not follow the rules of turning the phone off during class time. They're most likely to use it to cheat on a test. For example, if you were a student and just spent all of last night working on your homework, got almost no sleep, and you suddenly realize that there's a big test today that you forgot to study for. Would you as a student go with the F? Or would you try to cheat on your cell phone so that you could pass the test? Students don't like getting bad grades because their parents ground them or punish them for it. If students can have a way out of getting this F on their test which would later pull down their final grade, then they would do it.

"Beep, beep," the cell phone rings. You're taking a test and you look up to see that the kid in front of you is texting. The annoying tap of the keyboard distracts you from your work and it starts to get harder and harder to think. You lose your train of thought. "Time's up," the teacher says and you groan, because you knew the answer to the last question, but because of the cell phone, you forgot what to write. Now instead of getting an A on your quiz, you are getting a B. This is what happens when kids bring their cell phones to school. Kids become busy with texting and don't do what they're supposed to and/or it leads to other kids not being able to do what they're supposed to since they're constantly being distracted by the person in front of them. This brings both of these kids' grades down and hurts someone who was sure to get an A in the first place. When cell phones distract other people, it's unfair to them because they were focused in the first place, but because of someone else's cell phone, they lost their thoughts and what they wanted to say.

The last reason I have is that cell phones might get stolen or lost and cause a heap of chaos. Imagine that you have this expensive new phone that you got on your birthday yesterday. Your parents told you not to lose it because it cost a fortune. You kept your eye on it the whole time, but during lunch, you take a quick trip to the bathroom and left your phone in your locker. When you got back, it was gone. It's not a surprise that cell phones get stolen at school. Kids like the new and latest stuff and sometimes they can't afford it. But if they want it really bad, they try to steal it. Friendships are broken, and enemies are made, because who knows who stole your phone? It could be anyone. Kids become more aware and less open to having new friends. Kids lose trust in each other which leads to the whole community to not be as close anymore.

In conclusion, the policy to not allow students to have phones at school at all is better because students might try to cheat on tests with their phones, get distracted during class or distract others, and the phones might get lost or stolen and destroy the tight community.

After reading this letter, now do you agree with me that kids shouldn't have cell phones at school?      