What would it be like to live in a society without the use of cars?  Well some cities and even countries have begun to limit car usage such as VAUBAN, Germany where "70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars"(Source 1).  There happens to be many advantages to limiting car usage such as: less polution, less stress, and better cities.  The positives of limiting car usage are very great and would have a positive effect on any city willing to set up these limitations.

The first advantage of limiting car usage is the effect it will have on the enviroment.  According to Source 1, "cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States".  All this polution and emission not only effects the enviroment but also leads to "intensifying smog"(source 2) wich is not only bad for the enviroment but also bad for people.  The use of cars may not be the only source of emmision, but it is "the second largest source of America's emissions"(source 4). Many cities have already realized this and have begun limitations on car usage.  Just think if all cities put a limitation on car usage how much fewer the percent of emissions would be and how great of an effect it would have on the enviroment.

Another positive of car limitation is its impact on cities, towns, and comunities.  Bogota a city in Colombia participating in the limitation of car usage has seen the positive effects on there city.  Bogota "has seen the construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths"  wich means more people biking wich means less people using cars wich means healthier people(source 3).  This city also has seen an increase in the building of parks and sports centers, restraunts, shopping districts, and smooth sidewalks.  Limitations on cars also leads to an improvement of the town's people, because people such as Carlos Arturo have used the limitations as "an opportunity to take away stress"(source 3) or Vauban's Heidran Walter who just feels less tense and "much happier"(source 1). Not only will these limitations positively effect cities but positively effect the overall mood of the people too.

There is a long list of advantages of limiting car usage. The advantages include: a healthier enviroment, improved cities, and happier people.  Limitation has already started in many cities arouend the world, because these cities see the many advantages to limiting car usage.            