No body wants to walk every where, and never make it on time somewhere or walk so far just to get groceries. It's better for citizens to have a car to run erences and do what they got to do to get some where. The only thing citizens should avoide is "accidends" because then you won't no car to get any where, But it's always good to have a walk somewhere to get moving and get energy and not be lazy. I mostly preffer citizens should use there car to do things they need to do before going home so they don't have to keep going in and out the house wasting gas, and just wasting your time to relax after Work , School , and Ect.. Cars need a lot of taking care of too because if you have'nt check your car yet just in case if anything is wrong with it your car could randomly break down. Cars are very useful to get where you need to go faster and also  maybe safer.

Their's pros and cons having to use a car,the pros are that they get you places faster and most important "Emergency" it's good to have a car to get to the hospital and go to a friend or family that would need your help. Cars are good to get to work on time to get money to previde for your Family,Pay bills,Groceries and Ect..The Cons is that motors can ruin the air pollution. Theirs citizens out there that can be a recless driver ad could hit another car,people of side walks, and run into someting. I thinks citizens should at least once in a while use a bike, Skate, or take a public transformation, to move more get out the house. Most other countries don't even use cars to get places they use bikes,carges with the horses taking you,skate,or walk they do that because they feel they don't need cars to get places it get them out and do something,Why you think other counties have lots of activies,prades,places so close togther to make thing healthier and better for the people.

At the end I feel like we should go out more and use less car activity and do more thing to get out and move around. Citizens wants to feel safer start useing bicycles,public transformation, or walk, it's better to be safe then sorry. Also maybe less accidences and more better air to breath and feel safe. Also less drunk driving and anything that could ruin you driving because you could be in danger and could put theres in danger too.                    