The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers very well.

He includes everything that the planet itself would benefit from it and the humans on earth.

He explains what evidence we could find, what we could explore and what may be out there that we do not know is in existance.

In paragraph 3 he says, " these conditions are far more extreme than anything humas would encounter on earth".

This shows that if we were able to land on Venus and actually get to explore than we could possibly figure out why Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our Solar System.

We could also explore the additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes on Venus.

In paragraph 4 it says that Venus may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our Solar System.

This just proves the authors point more that studying Venus is a worhty pursuit despite the dangers because we could figure out how Venus was/is much like Earth and what they had/have in common. NASA already knows that there are still some features that are analogous to those on Earth such as a surface of rocky sediment, valleys, mountians and craters.

So by studying Venus we could know more in depth about these analogous features.

NASA has gone as far as finding substitutes for landing on the planet so we can still explore it.

This just goes to show how important it is to study Venus.

However doing so our research and evidence would not be as sufficient as it would if we could land on the planet.

If we did not land on the planet we could not collect samples of rock, gas, take close up photos, etc.

So in conclusion, it is very important that we study Venus not only because it is the most Earth like planet out there after Earth itself but also because it would bring much benefit.

It would bring benefit to the planet itself, but also to humans on Earth.

We are curious about what could be out there that we have not yet to explore.

Studying Venus would give us the answers we need and would meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.    