How much money do you think you would you save from gas if you didn't use your car? In Germany people do not use cars, they have given them up. In Vauban's streets they infulenced people to not drive their cars or own a car so they would not pay have to pay $40,000 for a garage to store in their car, including a home. Over all Vauban's streets are car free, 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own a car and 50 percent sold a car to move there. When a place becomes car free it leaves more space for walking and less space for parking.

Paris enforced to ban driving to clear the air of the global city. Drivers would have to leave their cars at home if they had odd or even numbered license plates or pay a 22-euro fine. Car traffic decreased to 60 percent in the capital of France after five- days of intensifying smog. Exceptions were made for plug-in cars, hybirds, and cars carrying three or more passengers. Public transportation was free from Friday to Monday. Paris has more smog than other European capitals. The smog cleared enough Monday for the ruling French party to recind the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday.

Car-free day is a program in Bogota, Colombia;it began in the mid-1990s. The program is meaning to spread to other countries and the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Colomians did a varitey or activities as a use of transportation; hiking, biking, skating, taking buses, taxis to work on car-free day. Streets were more clear. When Colombians drove cars on this day they would pay a $25 fine. Two cities from Colombia, Cali and Valledupar joined this event, people would still participate dispite the weather condition they were in. Changes were occuring, parks and sports centers were blooming in the city, uneven sidewalks were replaced by smooth sidewalks, new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.

President Obama's goals were to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions. Recent studies say that Americans are buying and driving less cars and licenses are decreasing as each year goes by. The rise of cellphones and car-polling apps has faciliated and more commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work. New York's biking program bridges and tunnel tolls reflect new priorites as of car-sharing programs accross the nation. People have used other kinds of transportation instead of using their own. Mr. Sivak's son lives in San Fransico and owns a car but uses Bay Area Rapid Transit. A study has shown that fewer people have found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001-2009.

You waste money on gas for your car. There is another way of transportation you could take to arrive to your destination to save money. You could go car polling with a friend or take the communities cheap transportation. Using a bike is also a simple transportation and walking...most people are capable of walking. When cars use gas it eventually spreads in the air that we breath. The only way to decrease the polluted air is to limit car usage. Countries are helping in a way, by encouraging them to participate in a program (car-free day) and banning cars.    