Summer is a time of fun under the sun, but when teachers assign work over the break that can be a real buzz kill. When teachers assign the project they're the ones who most likely designed them too. If the teachers design the projects it will most likely be some boring experiment or essay, but if students design them they get the chance to do whatever their education-loving heart desires. Having students work on their own projects will let them work at their own pace and they could have as much fun with it as they want.

If students are able to design their own projects they would be able to work at their own pace. Most projects are due at the end of the summer when school starts, however, some projects are due within a month or two after school gets out, which can probably take up most of the summer. If the students are able to design the projects themselves, the time in which they turn in their projects could be a month after school starts or a day after school ends. The good thing about working at your own pace is that there's less stress. No stress means you have more fun, which brings me to my next point.

School can be boring, and projects are a pain, but if students are able to design their own projects they could have fun with whatever they decide to do. When teachers assign projects to do over the summer it's most likely something archaic like "What happens to a plant when it is deprived of sunlight?" or "Write an essay on Shakespeare's metaphors in

Romeo and Juliet

", which are no fun at all. Letting the students design the projects will make them more interesting for them; whether it be a science project or an essay, if you're able to design your projects you could base it on a topic that interests you the most. Combine that with being able to do it whenever you want, and you got yourself a very fun school project to do over the summer.

Although, if you do design your own project you're responsible for everything to do with that project. Teacher's design projects to help you out and make sure that you don't go off track and stay with the assignment at hand. Even if they do that, it will probably be either something rather difficult or something you need to finish within a month. If students were in charge of that they would be able to do a project that's easiest and best for them and within a reasonable time frame.

If teachers are going to assign projects over the summer, at least let the students design the projects themselves, they'll be able to work at their own pace and have fun with it. If your teacher assigns something over the summer and you have the option to design the project yourself take that opportunity. If you don't have that option, talk to your teacher about letting you do it on your own terms, staying within the project guidelines of course.                                    