Aliens! Ha not true. In the article “Unmasking the Face on Mars.” we have put out an image of the face on Mars. This Face was not made by aliens becuase its like a normarl landform found on Earth, authors made it so the public would be attracted to Mars, and it was proven to be a landform just like any other. This is not made by aliens it look alot like common land forms found on Earth.

From the ship point of view its just as if it were a landform found on Earth. First, in the text it states "the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa—landforms common around the American West." Showing that is just somthing found normally on a landmass. Second, the unusual shadows in the photos make it look Egyptain. Like something that would naturally form in that kind of climate. Lastly, on the JPL web site it revealed as a natural landform and not an alien monument.

Authors who put out the photos of the Face on Mars made it so the public would be attracted to it. First of all when people try making something interesting they could lie. In the article it states "The authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars. It certainly did!" Then, somthing they said made it a huge hook. This was put into a Hollywood film, in books, magazines, radio talk shows and even haunted grocery store checkout lines. Lastly, All of this got people thinking that NASA would rather hide anything they really have about life on Mars. In what case we have nothing to hide because the face is just a normal land mass.

The face was proven to be a landform. First off, befor it was put out to the public it was said to have looked like an Egyptian Pharaoh. Nothing had to do with any other life form on Mars. After, It was all put out to the public and made into a huge deal people started to think we were hiding somthing at NASA. When really we stated it could be a landform befor all of it was in a Hollywood film, in books, magazines, radio talk shows and even haunted grocery store checkout lines. Lastly, it states "On a JPL web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." Proving it was never anything made by aliens.   