Driverless cars are a futuristic thing that everyone has always been dreaming of. They are cars that can drive themselves while the passangers just relax and sit. Now, although this may seem like a very good and helpful thing us humans could use, it has its problems. Which is why i think we should not have driverless cars.

One of the reasons that I believe we should not have driverless cars is because a lot of taxi drivers would lose their jobs. Even though in the passage it says that it would use

"half the fuel of todays taxis". If the cab drivers lose their jobs, we could patentially be hurting a family. Although it does not seem like a very big issue it is still a problem that comes with the car. Unemployment rates are already low. Having people lose jobs due to a car? It doesnt seem very fair to struggling families.

Another reason i believe we should not have driverless cars is, its patentially more dangerous. Even though the car could have more knowledge of what to do, because thats what it was made for. See the problem here is that with all of the computers involved with the car it is easy for hackers to hack into them. If a hacker messes with the computer software it could really mess up what the car was designed to do. If someones computer in the car starts to glitch and fails while driving this will end badly. Multiple wrecks could happen all at once. Just like the passage says "if the technology fails and someone is injured who is at fault".

One argument a person could use is that the cars would have more knowledge about driving than an actual person would, which could be helpful in reducing car accidents. People drive wrecklessly all the time. Which yes, this is true. Think about the future though. If we have only driverless cars in the future no one would even have the slightest idea on how to drive. I am sure they would at least get the basics of driving but what if one day the computers just fail and the internet is no longer of use? People who are on the road when this could occure may die. With with this kind of problem, their would be far more fatalities than a couple of wreckless drivers on the road.

In conclusion I believe that we should stick to our regular cars. So many things can go wrong with driverless cars. Wrecks could happen, and many people could die. Although even with regular driving fatalities can happen I just think it would be much safer to stick to our regular cars.        