The Facial Action Coding System can be helpful in many situations. However, a classroom setting would not be improved with this system. This system is an advanced technology that should be used in a more serious setting such as court trials and government activities. In a classroom setting, many children will not become interested in learning by changing the version of an online acitvity.

This software has many qualities that should be used in more complex situations. According to the article, this software can tell if someone is being honest and truthful. The software could be used to solve crimes between suspect instead of being persued in school work. This software will not change a child's opinion on a lesson because the software does not know the child's personal likings. Changing a virtual lesson does not change the fact that the student views it as work. If the software detects the student is becoming bored, changing the lesson may confuse the student.

Overall this software is extremely useful for certain situations, but a classroom setting is not in need of this software. Many students are tired throughout the school day and are attempting to finish a lesson. Changing the online lesson may become aggravating to an older student especially. The Facial Action Coding System may not be as accurate for a classroom setting. Many people show no emotion when attending class, which may allow the software to read the emotion as bored. Everyone has different facial expressions for each emotion. An intrigued student's lesson could be changed to a new version because the software found their facial expression to be bored.

Every student has a different outlook on school. Some come in ready to learn and others are trying to complete the day. If a student knew about this software and thought it could help them stay interested in their lesson, a teacher should allow them to experiment. Otherwise, if the student did not know about the software, this is an invasion of privacy. The Facial Action Coding System should be optional in a classroom setting, because many students would not be interested. A software can read the expression of a student, but can not change their perception of lessons or schooling. 