Students would benefit, from being able to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. There are a lot of kids with disabilities who wants to go to school but they are afraid of being bullied by other students in school.

There are some parents who are in college, and have many responsibilities and still needs education. There are some other kids that needs to go to school but can't get out of their houses because of their sickness or health conditions.

The first reason why students would benefit from attending classes from home by way of online or video conferencing, is because of those kids with disabilities who wants to go to school ,but are afraid of being bullied because of their physical appearance. I remember when i was young , i used to get bullied in school because of my bow legs. Kids could laugh at me , and that used to hurt my feelings at the point of not willing to go to school.

This same thing is still happening today to a lot of kids in different schools , that they don't want to go to school because of being bullied and judge for their physical appearance yet they can't do nothing about it . That's why classes from home by way of online would be so important to kids who are going through this kind of situations.

The second reason is because of the parents who are in college and have many responsibilities, as taking care of their families and work, but still needs education.

Last year my sister had a baby, yet she was getting ready to graduate in college. She couldn't stop studying just because she got a baby. The online classes from home helped her a lot , because she was able to nurse her baby and take her classes at the same time.

The third reason is because of those kids that needs to go to school, but can't even dare get out of their houses because of their sickness. I had a friend who had a very bad disease that could't allow her go outside where there is sunlight because it could burn her skin. She wanted to go to school but she couldn't because of her health condition. The classes from home by way of online helped her finished her high school studies and graduated.

Some people may disagree by saying that students wouldn't benefit from being able to attend classes from home by way of online, because they won't have fun, make friends and other things, however i believe that they would benefit because a lot of those students who take classes from home by the way of online, ends up finishing their studies, and their wouldn't be any difference from the one who made it in school. Having friends and fun is good but ain't the priority , the priority is to get what's important and what will help in the future.

Yes, students have a huge benefit ,from being able to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing.                                                 