In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author includes many benefits and dangers that come with exploring Venus. Venus is known for its uninhabitable atmosphere and environment, but scientists believe that long ago Venus was the planet most similar to Earth. In this article, the author believes that humans should go beyond the limits of dangers and supports his or her idea well with inspiring points that motivate anyone to look past the boundaries. The author lists the extreme dangers of Venus, and then answers why scientists are so set on exploring it.

The author first regards the dangers of Venus. The author explains the problem to finish with a promising solution. The author gives dreadful facts that prove the planet is extremely inhospitable for any human and even some space crafts. The author states, "These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth; such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals," The author does not say this to frighten anyone but to blunty state what the NASA scientists are up against.

Further into the article, the author answers the important question "why?" Why would anyone want to put themselves at these risks? Why is Venus worth all of the trouble? The answer is, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." The author wants people to realize that Venus has the potential to be almost identical to Earth, but the author also includes that scientists cannot be certain without further exploration. The potential of Venus being another part of our world is certainly going to excite many astronaunts and explorers to go make it certain.

Venus has the potential to hold an exciting new world, but the dangers astronaunts and scientists must face are lethal. The author paints a new possibility in this article by describing the potential Venus could hold. This article clearly shows how the author informs about the dangers of Venus but then answers why the scientists are to eager to get to know this planets. With the way the author gives inspiring points about exploring this planet, anyone can look past the dangers and see a new world.  