When asking for advice some people turn to just there best friend or there parents. They assume that what they are saying is the right thing to do and probably will listen to them and do whatever it is. This can lead people into arguments or bad situations that could go on for months. If you need advice for something you should ask more than one person so you have another persons perspective on your problem and here is why.

Advice can lead you into a good direction or sometimes bad. When asking for advice from someone you should go to at least two people. Some people could relate to your problem and know what not to do and what to do where as others you might ask cant relate to them at all. It would also give you the thoughts of "these are the things they said to do" youll then figure out which one you will decide to use in your situation. When asking someone for advice you might not want to ask anyone that your best friends with. They might tell you to do something that could get you in trouble, look bad, or possibly make them look good in front of everybody. When it comes to getting advice you always need to think about who you should ask for your own benefits.

In Some situations when you ask multiple people and they each give you the same response then that might be the right thing to do. You still might want to ask another person until they have a different perspective on how to solve your situation. One day your outside when a bully decides to push you off the swing. You dont do anything about it because hes bigger and stronger than you. When you tell your friend he tells you to punch him the next time it happens. You go home and tell your mom what happened and what your friend said to do. Your mother tells you that instead of doing that you should tell an adult what is going on before things get worse. You are left to think about whos advice to take in your situation, lets say you take your friends advice. The next day your on the swing when the bully demands you to get off so he can swing. You do as your friend said and punch him, the teacher sees that you have hit another student and you will be in trouble while the bully gets away with it all. Now lets say you take your mothers advice. You go to school the next day and tell your teacher about what the bully has been doing to you, she says she will watch during recces to see what is going on. That day the bully comes over to the swings and demands you to get off. When you tell him no, he pushes you to the ground and takes it himself. The teacher has seen what happened and confronts the bully. They bully gets in trouble and you can get back onto the swing.

Advice is something that everyone should think about before they do something or give advice to another. If you dont know what someone should do then its best you tell them that instead of giving them bad advice. Multiple people can give you multiple opinions of which you can choose what to do or whos advice to take. Asking more than one person is a good thing that everyone should do before they take advice from one person.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 