Voting has always been something special for almost everyone. From African Americans fighting in the Civil War for the right to vote and women in the nineteenth-century also fighting for voting rights, Voting had always been a controversial topic. This privilege has changed many times in the beginning of the United States and since its birth, the primary way to vote for the president is the Electoral College. The Electoral college is a process of electors in it voting for the president. It is almost always an one-sided battle for whoever that agrees or disagrees with the Electoral Colloge. For someone that is usually neutral, i am in favor of keeping the Electoral College as the United States choose their president.

To begin with, even though the Electoral College is critisized of it not being democratic, it still allows the peoples' voices to be heard and expessed. The trust between the people and their electors is rarely betrayed, however it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. The Electoral College will  almost always gurantee an outcome while if it was another way, more ties and balancing will happen. from the article itself, it stated "Because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state."- Richard A. Posner. The Electoral College will always let the people's voices be heard even if it was in a indirect way.

Furthermore, The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No single region in the United States ave enough electoral votes for a president to get elected. Regional favorites, such as Romney in the south, will have plenty of problems if he is just a regional favorite instead of all over the country. This system will caused presidents to be more diversed in the country to be able to spread hierachical diffusion of the idea of geting themselves to be elected. From source number three, it also states that "a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president."- Richard A. Posner. The people will get to experience the president themselves instead of jst voting for the one they are biased upon.

Lastly, The Electoral College method of selecting the president avoids the problem of elections in which no candidates recieves a majority of the votes cast and also dissovles the problem of few potential voters not wanting to vote. There is a pressure in which if no candidates win a majority of the vote,there will be a run-off election. that would greatly complicate the presidential election process by wasting more time and money. however, that process is reduced by the Electoral College method, which invariably produces a clear winner. The Electoral College System can also be argued against that it can turn off potential voters for a candidate who had no hope of carrying thier state. "Knowing their vote will have no effect, there will be less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote."- Richard A. Posner is one of the quotes in source number three. But of course, no single vote can change the outcome of a presidential election since voters in presidential elections are mpstly people who want to express an opinion than thinking that a single vote will change a election.

In conclusion, our current way of the Electoral College system is the best way to vote for presidential elections. Even though people could argue that it is un-democratic, the way they elect the electors and having the president promote themselves in a certain way does make the system every one bit of it democratic. To remind you senator, the Electoral Collage system should stay because it still allows the peoples' voices to be heard and expessed, requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal, and it avoids the problem of elections in which no candidates recieves a majority of the votes cast and also dissovles the problem of few potential voters not wanting to vote. That is why i truly believe that the Electoral Collage is here to stay.    