Did you ever think in your wildest dreams that you can be in a car with no driver? Well that may become a reality very soon. I believe that the idea for a self driving car can cause a lot of problems from who is responsible in a crash to how can the manufactures make the cars as safe as possible. There are three main ideas that may have you thinking next time you get behind the wheel. Those are how the cars need someone inside when driving, how they might not need someone inside in the future and how they can signal a passanger to assest f something were to go wrong.

The self-cars most likely need a driver today because of road blocks, construction, or any road problems that might cause the car to crash and not be able to manuver out of the way of the obsticals. The cars also need a driver because if the manufacures were to put the self driving car on the market then not a lot of people will buy it from it costing too much or they just think it's ridiculous. Also if a driver were to crash into a self-driving car and there was no-one in the driver seat then there would be some problems like how the driver would say that it was the cars fault just to get some extra money from the car company.

There also might be a way to alert the driver on stand-by to assest the car. If the car has a DVD player or televison screen and if there is an accentident about to happen, then the car can either shut down the devise or flash on the screen about the danger. The driver might be able to gain control over the situation. Also, if the driver does not have a screen and is using a cell phone as entrainment, then there could be lights instaled under the rear-view mirror and can flash when sensors detect danger.

Now lets say that it is a decade or two from the inital launch of the driving car and about everyone has one. then maybe there wil be no reason for a driver to be present when driving. There are some cars out there with sensors around it to tell the driver to move out of the way of an incoming car. Well I believe that it is possible to have it to where the sensors tell the computer on board the vechicule to move out of the way, eleminating the middle man. Also if there is road constuction then there might be a way to tell all of the cars about it so that they know about where to go and how to get around it.

I believe that it is possible to have a self driving car but it will take a long time. There will be trail and error along side it. But I believe that it is possible, from all of the technical advancements that have been accomplished over the years, i dont see a problem with a self driving car.   