What can schools do to better their students educational experience? There has been many discussions on how teachers and educators can reach out to their students and make the learning experince more accessible. Some schools have taken the approach for online schooling so the student can work at home while still doing their work and classes. I think students can benefit from doing online school because it lets them work in a more pleasant environment and can get rid of some of the distractions that come from other classmates.

Students can benefit from doing their work at home from being in a more comfterable environment. Being in a school setting can make students stressful from all the other classmates judgment. Classes are filled with up with many different types of people and some don't always understand the material as well as the rest. This can lead to insecurities and fearfulness of being judge by others, and this can also lead to less focus on the subject and more of what others think of you. Students will also feel more comfterable from working at their house because it is where most people go when they want to get away and relax. A persons home has everything you own and you know it very well, which makes it a place of comfort. Working at home is a positive way to get away from the judgment of others and also be in ones safe space for accomplishing tasks.

A regular school classroom can have a lot of distractions in them. Trying to get work done in a classroom can be changing at times from the other peers. There is also a cliche class clown that likes to crack jokes but can drive the attention away from what people should really be doing at the moment. People like this can change the whole mood of the room and the rest of the class can just lose motivation of working on the assignment. If students were able to do school online though , there would be none of that because they would just be at home doing the assignments with no one else. Some Classrooms can also have a room full of close friends making it hard to not talk or get off task. While the teacher can try and separate the group of close friends there can still be interaction and even more distraction for the rest of the class. Students can have more focus for doing online school from being able to get away from distracting classmates.

Parents or older relative can disagree on this issue from wanting the students to have a classic education. The thought of having more students work and take their classes at home can seem daunting to older relatives from the thought that they weren't given that option at their age or that the educational system just shouldn't change at all. The reality is that as time goes on things ,such as schools, are going to evolve for the better and without change things won't grow and lead to more success. The idea that schooling will be on someones computer could seem like an out of this world plan but if it will better the students education and mental health then they should be open to the change.

Online schooling will benefit a students from being a safe environment to work and having less distractions from their classmates. A persons house is an area where we don't feel judge and can fully relax. Working in a classroom can lead to class clowns and close friends driving attention away from the task at hand. With all of the new found technology we are able to do this and if it is going to improve the educational system then it should be given to the students who truly need it. 