Dear Principal,

I believe that the cell phone policy at school needs to change. I think that the policy that would best fit our school is Policy 1. Policy 1 allows us students to feel like we have more freedom. Choosing policy 1 would also help in reducing the number of students sneaking their cell phones out and secretly texting their friends or going on the internet to check their Facebook status. I believe that cell phone use is a part of the teenagers life. Our life depends on our cell phones. We eat, sleep, and are with our phones 24/7. Banning the use of cell phones at school will just cause problems such as more disruptions in class and more people rebelling against the no cell phone policy sending more and more people to the office. Whenever a student is caught with a cell phone, what happens? They are sent to the principals office! That not only causes a disruption in the classroom, but it takes away time the students should be using to learn the new material, not laughing and snickering at the person caught red handed with their phone. Also the student sent out will miss what was taught in that class, and high school is not a time in which one should be missing out on. High school is preparing us for the real world and if we are constantly being sent out because we were caught with a cell phone, less and less people will understand the material taught to them. That could cause failing grades, and those failing grades could keep someone from graduating.

So you see that by choosing policy one, you not only give us students the freedom with our cell phones that we want, you also get less classroom disruptions and more people graduating. Really, if you take a good hard look at it, Policy 1 is the best way to go! With policy one the students are happy, and you will be happy because you will see each and every one of you students graduate and take on the real world with the confidence that they need to succeed. Is that not your goal for all students? With policy 1 that goal will be accomplished in no time. So choose policy 1 when you reconsider our cell phone policy. You will see that the effects are going to be much better that policy 2.

Sincerely,

Your student.      