HOLD ON!! Street parking, driveways and home garages have been forbidden in the new district? And if you do want to park your car in a garage you have to buy one for $40,000? What a rip off. But wait.. there is barley any space to park, like, a bus. A lot of people are happy they don't have cars. Everything is near by. The district is really small. If they go out of their house and wanted to walk to their local grocery store the store would be right across the street.

After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. Some drivers were fined and 27 people had their cars impounded due to their reaction of the fine. The cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. Diesel fuel was there to blame. Diesel's made up to 67 percent of vehicles in France compaired to a 53.3 percent average.

In Bogota, Colombia cars have been banned for three years only having buses and taxis as their transportation. If they had a car, they would have recieved a $25 fine. This whole car banning thing was an event because two other cities joined and they were Cali and Valledupar. Colombia isn't that small of a city. People need transportation. I mean, yeah a lot of people mostly hike, but what if they need a car to really get somewhere, like, if it was an emergency? But after this car banning, Colombia has made an improvement. There has been construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths. Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city. Uneven, pitted, messed up sidewalks has been replaced with broad, smooth sidewalks.

Obama's goal is to save the greenhouse gas emissions. Obama has been seeing that barley anybody has been buying cars. Why? The money is rising. Cars and gas has been getting expensive. America's love with vehicles has been cooling. In 2005, car driven miles has dropped steadily. In April, 2013, the miles driven per person has dropped 9 percent to where it has been below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995. Now, the greenhouse has been getting better plants.

In conclusion, car bannings has made a huge improvement in countries and states. Gas is being lessed used, greenhouse has been getting better plants, people don't really need cars if they have everything near buy but in some cases they do for emergency. The driving miles on cars have decreased incredibly. In Bogota the streets, and bicylce lanes have improved. There arent anymore jacked up sidewalks. Money has been saved to make the world look like a better place.    