Imagine being in a warzone either a soldier or civilian and all you can here is screaming, gunshots, bombs going off, and the smell of gun powder. This is what many people had to here and go through during World War 11. People lost there homes, are going without food and water, and are injured, sick, or dead. Now luckily the war is over but people still don't have what they need to survive. This is the reason why people should join the Seagoing Cowboys program to help those in need.

My first reason is, the reasons why you are needed to help these people. World War 11 was a terrible war between almost every army in the world. It left hundreds of thousands of people homeless, injured, dead, sick, and without any food and war like i said before. This is why after the war the UNRRA ( The United Nations Relief and Rehab. Administration ) started the Seagoing Cowoys program and is another reason why you should join to help these people. Not to mention how if your under the age of 18 or recently turned 18 the program counts as your military service. You need to join so you could also save lives. Imagine it being a relative of yours in need that was in need after the war you would probably help but those people have families to and they need you and thats why u should join the Seagoing Cowboys program.

Another reason is, all the benefits of helping in the Seagoing Cowboys program. one reason is you wouldn't have to endure the danger of the military as for the program counts as military service which I have also told you before. This is not all because on the way back from your trips you enjoy the marvelous once in a lifetime chance to sightsee the places you've always dreamed of seeing in Europe. The last benefit is being able to enjoy and savor the moment of helping people in need as they thank and as you know you have done good for not only your country but the whole planet.

Lastly, I think before you accept the job you should know more about it. For this job you will be asked to use go on a ship for long periods of time with crewmen and animals to care for. You will have to feed and give water to the animals two to tthree times a day, clean their stalls, and trasport the safely to the destination. You may also have the responsibility of night duty where you protect and guid the ship and warn of storms and check on the animals every hor. You will then transfer this info. to the captain. You will also engage in many fun activities.         