When asking for advice, you probably stumbled upon talking to one person or another. You should talk to more than one person at a time when asking for advice from others. It is good to do this because you can get different opinions on the subject and what to do according to it. This also helps build social skills and problem solving skills, both being needed to obtain better life choices. But when asking advice from other people, don't do just one and have an isolated one-sided opinion, instead, ask more than one person to get a more accurate choice on specific subjects.

If you're a nervous kind of person who doesn't have the courage to talk to others, practice talking often to improve yourself so you can ask anything, anytime, without going through an emotional breakdown. And plus, even if you ask one or two people, you still could have a slightly biased opinion. That's why you should ask about 5 to 7 people on the subject of choice to get a true non biased, open, honest opinion. Also, certain subjects require more or less people. Asking if you can eat something could just require only 1 to 3 people.

Even asking a lot of people on subjects count as big social interaction which is a great way to get into a job, or even start a business! Jobs especially, requires being socialite to even have a chance in getting the position of the job of your choice. But it all starts with asking before taking action. But it is most best to seek out many different opinions to get your own. for example, video game designers have to ask probably thousands of people before even getting close to releasing your games.

You always have to be sure to ask a lot of people so you won't do something bad and lead your life into total plummeting chaos and despair. Getting more and more opinions could lead not only to better choices, but to a better life in general. You should ask for advice by asking as many people as you can (usually about 5-7 people), for you might just be able to get a truthful opinion that only you can describe as well as being social. some more beneficial include having more of a variety of opinions to create an opinion of your choice which can prepare you for real life problems that you need to be prepared for.