Some may say that they need cars to get around. Some people love thier car and could never dream of giving it away. Some also don't care about cars that much. Well in Germany and Paris cars are banned, yes I said banned. Some people may be shocked at this but others not so much. Some may ask how do they get around places? Some might ask so do they just walk everywhere from place to place? Some may ask do they actually like living without a car? Some might not even agree with the whole banning cars thing and may have lots of other questions. Well if you wanna know the answer to those questions well read on. Pay attention while you're reading and as I explain to you why these people think life is better without cars.

Having a car is important to mom's especially to the mom's that have about three or more kids. Mom's have dudies to do including taking sons to soccer ball games. Well a mom in Vauban, Germany got rid of her car. She actullay enjoy being car-free, and get this seventy percent of Vauban's families don't own a car. Also fifty-seven percent of people sold their car just to live there, obvisously more and more people are agreeing with this no car thing, and they would much rather take buses and taxies.

Now am not saying that everyone will agree about banning cars, read on to see how the people in Parris disobeyed the no car rule and what happened to them. On Monday motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or pay 22-euro (31 USD). The same would apply the next day for the odd-numbered plates. According to an international news agency headquartered in London almost four-thousand drivers were fined. Twenty-seven people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine.

Some people may not know the real reason that people try to limit car use or even ban it in some countries. Its to take away stress and to lower air pollution. In Bogota, Colombia they had a care-free day and it turned into a big hit. On this car-free day millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses. Leaving the streets of this capital city eerily deviod of traffic jams. You know but not everyone was willing to parcisepte in this event and those people faced twenty-five dollar fines. This program was set to sprend to other countries and it did. For the first time, two other Colombian cities, Cali and Valledupar joined the event, and they were happy.

In conclusion limiting car usage or even banning cars is a good way takes stress and lower pollution.

Having to drive around alot can put a lot of pressure on a person and the pressure is lifted when they dont have to drive anymore. Air pollution is bad there are already a lot of things polluting the air why not make cars one of things thats not polluting the air. Also there will be less car traffic noone likes being stuck in traffic. I think that limiting car usage is a good thing. It will save us in the long run.            