There are lots of arguments and opinions on this "face" on mars. Ever since NASA first released it to the public in 1976. People woud not rest until we got a really good look at what the image was. It only took NASA 25 years to give the public a really good picture and it was obviously a natural landfrom.

Some people think the face on Mars is an alien artifact. Although a few number of people think it is an alien artifact, it's actually not. The face is just another boring old natural landform. There was an image captured on the Mars Orbiter Camera of the face and it revealed it was a natural landform. The image first appeared on a website called JPL web site.

There are lots of different opinions about whether it is an actual face or just a landform. Conspiracy theorists say the NASA would hide the "real" truth about the Face. They also say that the face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars. Evidence and a lot of pictures suggest that it is a natural landform. Specificly three or more pictures and many very smart scientists.

After the first image was shown to the public in 1976 it became a national hit in America. The Face on Mars has become a pop icon since that day. It was in books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even a Hollywood film! There have also been a lot of arguments about what the face actually is. In 2001 there was another picture taken of the same face and it became clear to the scientists and the public that the face is a natural landform.

A NASA scientist, Jim Garvin, said the face just looked like the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. He also said that the camera that took the picture of the face in 2001, is so good that 'you can dicern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size.' Garvin said," If there were objects n this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even samll shacks you could see what they were." That is how good the camera was that they used so, no on canmistake that the face on Mars is just an ordinary natural landform and not an alien artifact.   