When I am looking for adivice, I useally will ask my parents. But about personal things I will ask my best friends or good friends. But if it is on an argumentative issue than I would ask people from two different sides of that issue. If i ask different people with different opinons than they can help me make a better decision. Thats why i think that asking for advice from different opinions can help you make a better decision.

When you ask different people for there opinions you will get differnt answers. But you will have different ways to think about what you want to do because you have different opinions. This can make it easier or harder to make the decision, because when you have differnt opinions you have different reasons to pick that topic. But in the end you are going to have to pick one or the other. You might not use the facts to justufy your answer but you are going to stick to your gut.

Having differnt points of views can be good too. It can help you to look at the topic in a differnt way then you used to do. If you just put yourself in somebody elses shoes then you might understand why they support their topic. Once you have done that, then maybe it can change your mind to think about the other persons topic. It can help you choose what you want to do once you have gotten both point of views.

The other thing I like to do when I am looking for advice is ask my parents. I know that my parents will always have my back no matter what, and they can support me. Your parents probebly know you better than you know yourself, your parents have been there with you through the rough times and the sad times. Weather you like it or not, your parents know you better then you know yourself. Your parents have been with you since you couldent even talk.

There are differnt ways to look at a problem or find a solution for one. You could ask for different opinions, Put yourself in somebody elses shoes, or just ask your parents. No matter what, you will have to make the ultimite decision no matter how much help you got. You could even just chose to ignore all the advice you have gooten and use your gut. But when it comes down to it, you are the final decision.