To the Senator of Florida,

"The founding fathers established... the Constitution" to make sure that there was a way to vote for one elector to portray the role of President of the United States of America. However, this action has resulted in electors to lose even though they won the popular vote, the age of the electoral college, and there are numerous possibilities of ties. In the United States there are hundreds of millions of people who want to keep the United States a democracy, but the United States may change their stand point.

Popular votes are collected from the people of the United States. With stating this, "over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." This is because voters will be able to have only their votes taken into consideration. For example, the President of the United States is the offical who sends people to places like Afghanistan, Iraq, and Iran to fight for our country. These people vote for the elector they want to send them over seas instead of the politicians in the electoral college system voting for who they want to be the president. There are only 538 electors to vote for the elector they desire and that is still more important than the millions of people that vote. "We are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" is a part of the Declaration of Independence and the right of liberty involves our right as people to vote.

The electoral college has be are for hundreds of years, but with the age of the system comes problems. In modern times, we have to make slight changes to our government so the United States does not get held back from when the Constitution was first created. Things are meant to change and so is the electoral college because over time thins changes to better and more efficient things. "The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century." This evidence exclaims that there was a problem with the electoral college 15 years ago, which means that it can happen again.

Furthermore, the electoral college already has problems and there can be more with the possibilities of a tie. It states, "perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote.," this is not a democratic thing because democracy has to do with the vote of people, not the vote of the legislature. Also, in source 2, it exclaims that "the election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe." This is a dangerous situations because if a tie occurs the popular vote still won't be taken into consideration as much as the electoral votes.

To conclude, the electoral college system should be abolished because it does not benefit the citizens of the United States. The elecotral college takes away the popular vote of the people, is way too old to still be around, and there are possibilities of a tie. I don't want my President to be voted in based on the votes of the legislature. The electoral college should be abolished!

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME

A concerned citizen                    