Have you ever thought a computer could tell how people are feeling? I never thought that a computer could detect how people are feeling until I read about this new technology called Facial Action Coding System. I think this new technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because a teacher could tell if you were confused or bored and people can tell how you are actually feeling.

I think this new technology to read the emotional expression s of students of students in a classroom is valuable because a teacher can tell if you are confused or board. In the article, the author states that "then it could modify the lesson, like an efective human instructor". I believe this is true because it could help the teacher know who doesn't understand what they are teaching. It could also tell the teacher who needs it explained in a different way to help them understand it better. Having technology that can tell if a student is confused or board would have value becasue it could help teachers know which of their students are understand what they are teaching and which ones aren't.

I think that this new technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because people can tell how you are actually feeling. In the article, the author states that "there are six basic motions-hapiness, surprise, anger, disguest, fear, and sadness. I believe this is true because those are the basic emotions that people show. If we use this technology, then other students will know how their friends and teachers are feeling. It could also help students know if another student is upset about something that they said. Having technology that can tell how someone is actually feeling would have value because it could help students know how their friends and teachers are feeling.

I really believe that this new technology would have value because teachers could know if a student is confused or bored over what they are teaching and it could help people know how you are actually feeling. This could help teachers know who needs help with what they are learning in class. It could also help students know how you are actually feeling.