Many schools have already adapted to Google classroom and online education helpers to help students keep up to date with their work. It is important for students to be able to keep up with classes if they are absent from school. Especially for high school students, missing one day of class could put a student far behind on classwork and new material. Distance learning should be taken seriously for students who do not have the option of attending school. With distance learning, it would be beneficial for students who are sick, help maintain grades, and help teachers have students understand the material without having to pull the student aside.

Catching the flu or common cold is normal for students in school. They can not help catching it. Staying at home and not being able to attend school is not something many high school students would want, knowing they have their GPA to worry about. There are also students who are terminally ill and have to be at the hospital for weeks to months. Students who are in the hospital, sometimes have to repeat a grade due to missing too much classwork and not being able to keep up with their classes. Having the option of distance learning would benefit students like this at home or somewhere else. They would be able to understand the work and new material if they can video conference and access classwork online. It would also benefit the school, having students still learn even if they are at home.

High school students have to worry about their GPA in order to get into college. One day of missing class could push a student far behind his or her classmates. Many schools across the United States have been using Google class for students to keep up their work and to remember to do homework. More and more schools are assigning laptops to students, so they can all connect with teachers and classmates about projects, homework, or questions. It is considered distance learning if a student could connect to it outside of school. Besides Google classroom, online lessons could help absent students maintain their grades. It is a shame for students to not be able to understand the things they missed due to health reasons or family emergencies. If more students can maintain their grades through distance learning, that would benefit the school as well when it comes to education ranking. If more students have higher grades due to keeping up with missed classwork when they are absent, it would help the school gain a better status as well.

Video conferencing a class or teacher while absent would benefit both teacher and student. Normally, students would have to stay after school or before in order to learn the material they missed. This takes time away from the teacher and student. It is a teacher's job to help every individual student if they ask for it. But both student and teacher could have conflicting schedules or have after school activities to attend to like sports. If a student could video conference a class from home, he or she could be able to learn with the class instead of falling behind and asking their peers to help them. For teachers, that could help the teacher have all of his or her students understand the material together, instead of having to take time away from his or her day to re-teach a lesson.

Overall, distance learning could excelled further on in the future. More students and teachers could sync together when it comes to learning missed classwork and lessons. Education is a must in the United States. And using distance learning even more could help more students nationwide, and benefit their academics. The future could be bright if distance learning could be incorporated into the education system more than it has been.