Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. These projects range from all sorts of different styles and designs. Some people argue that these assignments should be teacher-designed so it is more detailed and challenging. Others argue that it should be student-designed so its better for the student. Summer projects should be student-designed because students will learn better from it, students will be more passionate about it, and teacher-designed projects take away freedom.

Summer projects should be student-designed because students will learn better from it. People learn better when they do things themselves. If students have the ability to choose how to do their project, then they can learn from their mistakes. Mistakes are the best way to learn which makes student-designed projects the best way to learn. Furthermore, its helps students overcome obstacles. When students are doing their projects they will run into troubles. If the project is student-designed, they will have to overcome these obstacles themselves and help them grow academically. To sum it up, student-designed projects help students learn from mistakes and help them overcome obstacles.

Summer projects should be student-designed because students will be more passionate about it. Students will do their project if they can choose what its on. If students can choose the subject of the project they will be more likely to do it because they are interested in what it is about. If the project is something they do not care about, they will not complete the assignment. Students will have more fun doing the project. If students can choose the subject of the project they will likely choose something they are interested in. If the subject of the project is something the student enjoys, they will have a great time doing it. To sum it up, student-designed projects will encourage students to complete the assignments and students will have a good time doing it.

Summer projects should be student-designed because teacher-designed projects takes away a student's freedom. Teacher's get to choose everything. Teacher's get to choose what assignments students receive throughout the whole school year. Students should get the chance to be free and choose what they want. Furthermore, Students should get the choice of how the project gets done. Students have to take time out of their vacation to complete their summer project. Since they're using their own time, they should at least get to decide how to do their project. To sum it up, student-designed projects give students the freedom to learn what they want to learn.

Student-designed projects are better than teacher-designed projects because they help students learn better by making them overcome obstacles. Students are also more passionate about it and it gives them the freedom to do what they want. Students don't get the chance to choose many things, but summer projects should be something they get to complete the way they want.