There are two different optionss that could take place when deciding my opinion on driverless cars. I am against driverless cars, for a numerous amount of reasons. So many things could go wrong when having driverless cars around. Car accidents occur every single day, and I don't believe that driverless cars would help this cause. People need to be more aware of their surroundings and pay a lot more attention to the roads when driving. Just like every type of technology today, it's highly possible that these driverless cars won't work properly and malfunction. Driverless cars could ruin our world and harm our lives in so many different ways.

Today's current drivers and cars, already cause car accidents and harm to everyone's lives. If our society were to add driverless cars into the mix, it would be chaos. More people would be getting car wrecks, because they would have a reason to text, eat, talk, and even sleep while driving. These people won't realize that the driverless cars won't work 100%. It is possible that the sensors will not work, and that it is all on them to be aware of their surroundings and be alert to steer the car in the right direction. Any laws against texting and driving, would not help to stop this, because people do not always listen. Almost anywhere, texting and driving is illegal, but even today, I still see people going agaisnt these laws, and causing themselves to get in a crash. Driverless cars will all be going at different speeds, therefore, making everyone more prone to getting into an accident. If these driverless cars were to all go at the exact same speed, it could cause people to be late to certain events. Driverless cars would have so many components to them that they would need to work, so that means that they would use up more energy/fuel. If the driverless cars would need more gas, then that means that gas would be more expensive, which is a huge downside for people. Even now, we are not sure whether these driverless cars would actually work or not, but we also are not sure that if these cars did work, that they will work properly. It is very possible that these cars could malfunction and make the possibility even higher that someone could get into a car accident. There are so many factors that could cause car accidents, when it comes to driverless cars. Today, we already have so many things that could cause people to get into car wrecks, and driverless cars would add to that.

Overall, there are so many factors that could cause car wrecks and accidents, and make everyone question the safety of our people. People should be more alert and aware of their surroundings to prevent car accidents. Driverless cars and their speeds may affect our daily lives, and we are not sure if these cars would actually work.