School is a place where students learn, but the main reason students come to school is to socialize with friends. Many students dont have very much friends or no friends at all, so this makes students less likely wanting to come to school. Therefore students should participate in a extracurricular activity to engage in social interaction and find a new hobby to enjoy.

Going out of you comfort zone is a good thing, doing this can create new friendships just by talking and being friendly towards others. Students won't judge what extracurricular activity you have chosen, they are most likely there because they like the same thing. Having multiple friend groups can lead you being more social and having a variety of different personalities all around you. Later on in life this could make you more confident in social activities such as presentations, meetings, interview, and making new friends. If you are not antisocial and see someone whos by them self go talk to them be friendly, you dont have to become friends but that interaction will give them a boost in confidence.

Finding a new hobby in a extracurricular activity might be hard getting into but if you really enjoy it, stick with it. If you are somebody who already good or experienced in that activity and see somebody who knows not much about it, dont be mean and rude towards them, encourage them to get better and compliment on there work. However if the activity you have chosen is a sport or an instrument you can make that your career if you put in hard work. Make sure whatever activity you have chosen is something that you enjoy, if you don't like it say something instead of phoning it in. Everybodys human we all have limits, others might be better than others but to make it a better environment treat everybody equal.

The whole point of doing a extracurricular activity is to have fun. Socializing with new people to create friends, and trying something new to see if you like it are reasons that encourages you to participate in a activity. Your not limited in just one activity you can do something you already know how to do, and a new one you have not tried before. Now then, students should engage in a social activity such as sports, music, art, and more, or try something new for the first time.