Students should not be given the freedom to learn from home. For past generations, students have always learned from their teacher through a lecture or practice. For almost all students, the way most retain their knowledge is through listening or sight. Practice is also important but if the student is at home while the teacher is at school teaching then how will the student learn or get answers for their work? Although students believe that learning at home benefits their learning style, home schooling would not the students because there are no teachers to push the students to have more motivation and while working at home there is no resources to help them besides the internet.

Students shouldn't be allowed to stay at home and work because they will get no work finished. There are too many distractions like technologies, hobbies, and sleep deprivation. If the student knew that they did not have to wake up early the next morning, most likely the student will stay up late and go to bed at an unreasonable time. There is nothing stopping teens from leaving the house and leaving to go hangout with friends because the student knows if they get back home at this time and finish their work before 11:59pm everything will be okay. This teaches students bad work ethics and horrible habits that will surely carry on to the work force if they don't stop. Especially, since there are no teachers to make sure work is regulated, students have no motivation to get up in the morning and complete work with good time and obvious effort.

Students should not be given the freedom to "learn at home" becasue there aren't many reliable resources to help students fully understand the lesson given to them. After reading on a subject that is close to foregin to any student, If they don't understand what is going on what do they do? If the student decieded to do the assignment late they won't be able to get an asnwer from the teacher. They could ask a friend but there's a chance that they don't understand it either. The student has to result to "googling" the answer, which could result in muliple answers or it becomes to complex to disipher. The problem with attempting to learn on the internet is the fear of the information being incorrect or it not being the way the teacher wants the student to learn.

While others believe that students benefit from learning at home, Truthfully, learning at home only causes distractions and clueless students. Naturally, students learn best from hands on practice with the guidenace from their teachers. Students can not recieve the practice and motivation from their teachers at the comfort of their home. From staying at home, it causes confusion and more stress for the student. Most of the time, many students don't ask questions to their teachers due to shyness and fear of stupitidy at school. If students don't want to ask teachers for help at school then the possibility of students asking for help at home is difinitively lower.

The schools that allow students to "learn at home" are unacceptable because they are impeding on students learning and creating bad work ethics. While in the eyes of a student the opportunity could look exciting and beneficial, in the end the "personal learning route" is only hurting the students in the long run. 