The author somewhat supports the idea Venus is worthy of exploring despite all dangers. Our author thoroughly explains all of the dangers to expect in Venus, but fails to include much reason as to why we should explore it. The main purpose of this article is to explain the dangers.

The main reason to explore Venus, according to the author, was it's possibilty that it was once like Earth. In paragraph 4, the author explains, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." They further explain that it could've supported life, and still shares some aspects of Earth like mountains and craters.

However, why would this be worth the risks and dangers that humans would face trying to explore it? The author fails to explain how this could be beneficial to us on Earth. The author then goes on to tell of possible solutions to get a better study from Venus. But, none of them seem effective. In paragraph 6 the article states "researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance." It is evident that the current methods of studying Venus would prove unproductive.

Despite the possibilities of exploring Venus, they all have very big risks and dangers. The article states that the conditions of Venus are far too extreme for any humans on Earth. Why risk lives of people to just maybe learn a thing or two about Venus? The article responds that the "human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." But, fails to further explain how or why this would be useful.

In conclusion, the author fails to support why exploring Venus outweighs the dangers. The article does not go into much detail. Many questions are left unanswered such as, what kind of information would we get out of this? Why is this worth risking lives and money? Although the possibility of learning about life on other planets would be extraordinary, the dangers of losing human lives and expenses should be a factor in deciding if its worth it.