At a lot of schools summer projects are not given, but at some they are and they are given vigorously. If over the summer projects are given, they should be student-designed for many reasons. First off, letting a teacher decide what the students will do over summer will not only make the kids mad, it will also cause them to be less engaged with the topic and assignment. If the school allows the children to pick their topic, they will be more engaged because they are creating their own work from the bottom up. This will be more fun for the students and they will be more likely to complete the project. Summer projects should be student-designed to be fair to the kids, to make it more fun for the students, and to also further engage children with their work.

The first reason to why summer projects should be student-designed is because that is the only way that it will be fair to the students. Kids will be able to choose what they want and start their own creation from scratch. Giving the students the same topic by the teacher will put some at a disadvantage. Some are not likely to complete the assignment because they do not want to do the topic assigned, and some will also not be comfortable with competing against their higher academically sound classmates. Another reason kids should be able to pick their own topics is because a lot of schools do not do summer projects in the first place. This is just to be fair to the class. Let them pick their own topics, do not add on to the kids' disengagement by telling them what they are going to do. It will also be easier for the kids to complete the assignment if they are able to choose it themselves. For example, this past semester, my history professor assigned my classmates and me a project about the history of the United States. Each student had the exact same topic and that made it very stressful. We all were trying to search the same things, and it sure made it harder to find the information when the teacher assigns a tough topic. Then on the other hand, this semester my professor has allowed each of us to pick our own topic. It has created a lot less stress and it is easier to find information on the topic when we are able to search it and find what we need. So, to be fair, let the students pick the topics of their choice and there will be a better outcome.

The second reason of why the projects should be student designed is so that it will be fun for the kids. The students should be able to pick a fun topic of their choice, and not a rigorous topic that their professor assigns. This causes the students to be able to pick a more personal or relatable topic to them, that they then will want to complete. Letting children choose their topics will also assure that each project is different and that there is no way for them to cheat. When each student chooses their own topic, there will be color and diversity to each project. This will then make it easier to grade for the teachers. If each student had the same topic, it would be harder on the teacher to grade because they would be looking at the same thing for every student. It will be fun for them just like the students because they will be able to see what is going on in their students' minds, and how creative they can be. So, students should be able to pick their own summer project to make it more diverse and fun.

The third topic adds on to the first two, and that is when the students are allowed to pick their own topic, they will be more engaged with their work.

There will be more diversity and intensity among the work, A student will want to complete their work, because it actually means something and can be personal or emotional to them. Assigning the sudents a project based off of what the teacher wants is not smart. The professor should be able to come up with what the criteria requires, but let the students pick so they can be engaged. Students can also create some competition amongst themselves when they are able to choose their own topic. They will compete to see who can create the best work and see which one their teacher will like the most. Their minds will be able to explore and their work will represent how they feel and what the project meant to them.

In conclusion, letting students pick the topic of their summer projects will have many benefits for the students and even the teachers. It will be more fun to the students and teachers. The students are able to let their minds explore and they are able to be engaged with the work that they have created. It will also be fun for the teachers because their grading will not be as tough and boring. With each student, they are able to see something new and what their students have thought of. There are no real disadvantages of this, as long as students stay in the guidelines of what they are supposed to do. And, that should be no problem if the students know exactly what to do. Summer projects are already enough of a hassle for the kids, so let them choose their own topics to be fair, fun, and create more engagement within the classroom. 