Cars, have been a way that almost everyone uses to get to point A to point B since around World War 2, And for awhile they were always growing in popularity. It seemed for awhile that cars were going to be around for some time. Almost everyone had a car, from the young to the old, all over the world people were driving. But that's going to change soon in the always evolving world.

"All of our developement since World War 2 has been centered on the car, and that will have to change," says David Golderg, an offical of Transportation for America. In the suburban community of Vauban, Germany residents are giving up their cars in an attempt to promote car-free communities. As a result 70 percent of Vauban's families don't own a car! The members of the outstanding community actually like not having a car, Media trainer Heidrun Walter said "When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Heidrun Walter isn't the only one thinking this way 57 percent of the population of Vauban sold their car to move there. But Vauban isn't the only community who thinks this way... All over the world more and more commmunities are thinking this way.

Paris, France, puts a ban of driving due to smog pollution due to the main usuage of diesel fuel. Paris usually has more smog than other European capitals as it is with it having cold nights and warm days trapping car emissions. The smog, which was progressivly getting worse, rivaled even that of Bejing, China, which is the one of the most polluted places in the entire world. The ban took place on a Monday for even-numbered liscened plates and Tuesday for odd-numbered liscened plate numbers. But even with the ban almost 4,000 people were fined a fee of 22 euros ($31). The smog cleared eough with those who did participate that they didn't have to enforce the Tuesday ban, which goes to show that even a large city can fight something as global as pollution.

The people of Bogota, Cali, and Valledupar, Colombia take a day out of the year to have a car-free event. Bogota, the capital of Colombia, with a population of 7 million have been doing this for 3 years to promote alternate transportation and reduce smog. The violators of this event face a $25 fine, and probably more than a few disapproving looks for those who like to participate. People around the world go to join Colombian cities in their day without cars. This is Cali and Valledupar's first year and hopefully not their last either! The day without cars is part of a improvement campaign started in Bogota in the mid 90s, which saw the construction of over 100 miles of bicycle paths, according to the city's mayor this is the most of any Latin American city. To encourage people to walk around more they fixed the uneven, pit filled side walks with bigger smooth version, and rush hour restrictions have been imposed which has dramatically decreased traffic, plus new upscale resturants and shopping districts have popped up.

In the United States studies are showing that more and more Americans are buying cars. Young people are becoming less interested in having a car or even a liscence. In the year 2005 the number of miles driven was at its highest but since then it has steadly decreased by 9 percent. The number of miles driven now is equal to that of january in 1995. Part of the drop is due to the recession going on, no one can afford to get new cars, and the unemployed don't work so they don't have as much as a reason to get a car. If the pattern keeps going as it is with less and less people driving the next few years in America and possibly around the world will be years of change that will change how things work for generation to come.                                                                                                                                                                               