Do students find online education at home more beneficial than at school? Education plays the biggest role in the daily life of modern society. Education is taught in various ways because each person has a certain way of learning. The idea of "One size fits all" is outdated and not as effective for learning compared to having multiple and unique ways of education learning.

Online education is one of the various and unique ways of education in the twenty-first century. Online education has become a popular alternative to education on school campus. Students taking online classes may find it easier to learn at an environment that is more comfortable than a school. Online classes may help a person's ability to learn by having the student accommodate to an environment more comfortable for learning. Students can take online education to "Get back on track" or to learn in a more friendly environment. There are many reasons on why students take online classes for beneficial purposes.

Online classes can provide help to persons with learning disabilities, such as those with anxiety. Learning disabilities prevent the student from fully grasping and understanding the context of a topic being taught in classroom. Online education is beneficial in many ways including: not having to be late to school because of transportation, significantly lower risk of bullying, and being able to learn at a calmer pace. Online education can be a place for students to achieve success at an environment more accommodating and more friendly. At a school campus students may have difficulty with social interaction while online education provides an "escape" to issues that affect the student's ability to learn.

Attending classes at home come with several benefits and provide another opportunity to learn in a place where education is more effective to the student. The idea of "One size fits all" is certainly wrong because not every student has the same way of thinking; therefore, every student is unique and do not all learn the same the way. Students will benefit from online classes if these classes teach in a way where the student learns best. Any environment where education can thrive and improve a person's learning capacity is the best place to learn.