Extracurricular activities is something that doesn't always amaze kids especially not by force. A extracurricular activity are things such as sports, run for student council, work on the yearbook. As a principle of any school you should want a child to participate in some kind of activity but that's not something that should be forced on them. It may seem like a good idea to enforce a rule that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity, but in my perspective I don't like the principles idea and I have a couple of reasons why.

The first reason is because, as a kid we don't like being forced to do things. Yes, it's good to give a child a push at something so they can try a new thing and maybe it will be apart of their future; but if a principle or person forces it on them it may stop the child from doing it ever again. They may get the idea that they have no say in what they do. My next reasoning is that what if a child takes his or her time doing another activity outside of school, handling both things could be a lot of pressure and cause stress because they still have several other things to worry about. The kid might get to thinking "this is to much" and "this is a lot to worry about" and it may cause them to not want to do anything in life if they don't find what they're doing is something they enjoy. The principle should make it a option instead of a rule or something you have to do. I believe whatever activity a child participates in they should be willing to do it and should be something they are amazed by.

The principle should take his idea into thought and see how the students feel. The students should have good reasoning for why they agree or disagree with the principle. The point behind my reasons is that as a adult you have to consider what the child wants sometimes. What you may think is best for a child isn't always what they want. If you demand them to do a lot of things their whole mind set could change on how life should be. 