There are many advantages to limiting car usage. for example, passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States. Another example is that all around the world there are attempts to make suburbs and communitys more compact and more accessible to public transportation with less parking spaces. This is a new approach in which stores are placed a walk away or on a main street. Not like malls who usually are along some distant highway. In vauban 70 percent of vauban's families do not own cars and 57 percent sold a car to move here. In the united states the environmental protection acency is promoting "car reduced" communities like vauban.

In paris after near-record pollution they enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. On monday even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave there cars at home of the would have to pay $31. they did the same for the odd-numbered plates the followinf day. Almost 4,000 people were fined. One good thing though is that congestion was down 60 percent in the capital france, after 5 days of intenssifying smog. Paris typically has more smog than other european capitals. In Bogota, Colombia millions of colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during a car free day. The goal was to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Carlos Arturo Plaza a businessman said "it was a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." He was riding a two-seat bike with his wife.

In the United States recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. This has left researchers pondering a fundamental question: has america passed peak driving? When adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter, according to an analysis by Dough Short of advisor perspectives, an investment company. A sociology professor at Drexel University and director of its mobilities research and policy center, MiMi Sheller said that "different things are converging which suggests that we are witnessing a long term cultural shift". She says it allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet people. Demographic shifts in the driving population suggest that the trend may accelerate. Mr. Sivak's research has found that there has been a large drop in the percentage of 16 to 39-year-olds getting a license, while older people are likely to retain their licenses as they age. A study found that driving by a young age decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009.

As you can tell the advantages of limiting car usage are that it helps clear the air, reduce smog and take stress away. It also lowers air pollution and helps with making the greenhouse gas emissions in europe go down. Another thing is that it is a great way to promote alternative transportation. These are some on the many advantages of limiting car usage.                    