The idea of driverless cars sounds so futuristic, but I wouldn't trust one. Something can go wrong with the car and there wouldn't be anyone to blame. Not that I'm looking for someone to blame, but someone could get injured or hurt very badly just because a car stopped working. A lot of people been in car accidents before, now imagine how bad it would be if the cars drove themselves! It would be nice to not have to drive and get drove to, but how can you TRUST a car?

An accident can happen using the driverless car and what would happen? The passengers can't be blamed, the car can't, and neither can the manufactors. A lot of technology has stopped working or can get broken and a lot of stuff can happen with one simple mistake. Now imagine that there would only be driverless cars, how ridiculous does that sound! How are the cars even going to know the laws?

Most people would say the car would have a computer that would know the laws. There's always new laws and how would the computer know the new ones? What if the computer gets the laws mixed up? A computer can stop working and you might not even know it! If a person mixes up the laws they can get a ticket or even get sent to court for not knowing them. It could keep the roads safer. The car messes up and what would happen? The car gets taken away? It goes to get fixed?

Most driverless cars that we have now, still need a driver. How pointless does that sound? Might as well just drive it yourself. Texting and driving is a big issue in the 21st century, people will think they can now text with the driverless car and won't even notice what's happening on the road. Driverless cars aren't going to make the world better and neither will they stop accidents from happening. Once a driverless car gets into an accident, no one will want one. I'm pretty sure it will happen someday and it would then be pointless to keep manufactoring them.

Driverless cars are just too much. It's like paying for a computer to drive you. You can't trust one! They might crash, break, and even do something you didn't tell it to do. Not everyone might agree with me, but I know for sure that no one would buy one after an accident happens. Please don't risk your life by buying a driverless car.