People ask for advice all the time some people ask serious questions others dont.

I think when people ask for advice they should always ask for a second opinion it dost matter if its a dumb question or a really serious question.

When it comes to getting a second opinion on anything people should always ask for a second opinion . Because what happens if the person someone has asked dost want other people to do the right thing, and then that person can get into serious to trouble for it. One example of that happening is when a football player named Micheal Vick had a dog fight he only asked one other person when he created the dog fight if it was okay to do, and did't ask multiply people if that was okay. At the end it was a horrible thing to do he went to jail and threw away his whole career for one dog fight which if he would of asked one other Person he would of not gone to jail, and not throw away millions of millions of dollars because he did not get a second opinion for his actions. To me its very important no matter what the question is to always get a second or third opinion because it can ether lead people to do something good or something bad and can get them into serious trouble.

Getting a second or third opinion on something serious or dumb is allays a smart thing to do. Getting a second opinion can get other people to do something better on what they where going to do. And not getting that second or third opinion can make other people do something that is bad and can get them in trouble with the police or with their school either way its always important to get a second or third opinion . One example of someone asking for a second and third opinion is with Bill Gates when he started his company Microsoft he had quit. But short after that he had asked multiply people including his mom and dad if it was a good idea to quit they had told him that he should keep going on with his company, and one day it would lead him to success, and he did keep going with his company and now he is one of the richest people on the planet because of that second and third opinion he got from his parents to keep going with his dreams.

Its always important to get a second or third opinion on anything. Because at the end of the day people can get in trouble for something they did wrong and get serious consequences. Or they can do the right thing and not do something wrong and get something good at what they did right. Its always important for people to get a second or third or even forth opinion so people dont get into trouble and do the right thing.