Outer space is a mystery within itself, but the addition of the planets and stars are just an expansion to those mysteries. The article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" was written for readers to understand how a planet that may be different in design can be the most important reason as to why it should be taken a look at. The author compares and contrasts Venus with Earth and Mars to emphasize what Venus has to offer. Venus may not be the easiest task to complete, but that should encourage people to push the exploration of the planet.

Venus may have a variation of attributes compared to Earth and Mars, but that shouldn't stop people from exploring the planet. Since Earth and Venus are considered "twins," they are similar according to their, "...density and size, and occasionally their distance too." (2) The author also mentions how Venus could have once been the, "...most Earth-like planet in our solar system." With that being said, if Venus was similar to Earth in its lifetime, then it could answer pondering questions like "Is there any other signs of life on other planets?" Just like Earth, Venus has, "valleys, mountains, and craters." (4) Venus' similar characteristics to Earth makes it an interesting mission for scientists.

Sending man to the moon wasn't the easiest trip, but it got done. So, why shouldn't Venus be explored too? Venus is said to have, "...hostile conditions on the surface," (5) and it is considered, "inhospitable." (4) Both phrases do not appear to be the most promising when deciding if landing on Venus is the best choice, but beyond those risks could be life changing discoveries. This mission is impossible because humans are able to make, "machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully."

Traveling to Venus doesn't have to be the most difficult plan. Space travel already is a timely mission, but Venus is said to, "...sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit." If Venus is a close visit, then scientists should be even more compelled to search the planet. Scientist have come up with smart ideas to observe Venus like, "a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 miles above the Venusian landscape." (5) With this the vehicle is close enough to explore without humans dying or the vehicle frying. The heat is dangerous, but scientists could obtain important information they've been wanting to find out.

The author informs readers on the risks of traveling to Venus. Venus is not the safest place to be close to, but dangers have never stopped people from making trips into space in the past. Venus provides many opportunities that people have to be willing to take and learn from. Danger is nothing new to society, so traveling to Venus is only the newest obstacle to bypass. 