Would students learn/benefit from online classes? I believe it wouldn't benefit the student as much as going to school. Many students would prefer doing online school because why not stay at home where you can be in bed. Although students would prefer to be at home in bed instead of being in school, it doesn't benfit the student because of less motivation, harder to learn, and will not have many opportunities like sports.

Many students prefer to be home school so they wouldn't have to get up early in the morning to go to school. Even though being in bed insetad of being at school sounds nice, its really not beneficial for many students. Prefer being in bed causes a lack of motivation because many students are so comfortable in bed they get lazy and pefer to say they'll do it later. in many occasions when your at home in bed 70% of students really tend not to do their work because lack of laziness or just prefer to go do other things and do the work later. A lot of students at a young age say they will do something later then end up not doing their school work. By students going to school it sort of helps them prepare to get up early for any furture job than being homeschool and getting used to getting up later. Students also feel to start having less motivation because their just stuck at home alone with out having much to do. There are more chances that students will do their work at school than doing at home.

About 78% of students who's been homeschooled say's it was harder to learn being homeschooled. Some oline classes don't have a teacher , so it's up to the parent to help and it's be more stressful. When a parent haves to help their kid it can be challenging because the parent could be worried about other things or they may have had trouble on that subject as well. When students have trouble on a subject and don't really have help they tend to not care or just can't focus on it and just give up. I believe being at home all day would cause a person to be bored than being in school where you can communicate, ask for help on a lot of things, being taught well, and just be somewhere than just being at home where you would rather not to do you work. Students have the benefit to learn better when they are in school because it's a lot of diferent teachers who could help them out instead of having one. In general being homeschool doesn't really give the chances you can get when your in school. There's a lot of result that show more students or parents would prefer actual school because of them reasons.

Homeschool doesn't really have many opportunites public schools offer like sports and electives. Many students will have more events to attend or be a part of. Homeschool especially for kids that are very young could cause them to not really enteract with other kids or people. Even though homeschool have its pros it's more for students who are antisocial or just problems and prefer to be homeschooled. Homeschool for most students can be boring because its more eduction than fun opportunies. Public school is typically cheaper than homechool. There are homeschool co-ops that can be helpful, but a public school has a built-in social benefits. It will give a free time for you as a parent and your kids can home and tell you how their day went.

Therefore being homeshooled doesn't really benefit a student as much as them going to school. Having a lot of opportunites in a public school does help a lot instead of a student being at home and not having nothing really do to but work. Even though homeschool have its pros educational wise it public school helps a students a lot more. Mainly homeschool do cause the lacked of motivation and the lack of doing their work. I would rather myself go a public school even though being at home sounds fun but I believe it will help more going to a public school. So , do you think its beneficial for a student to do online classes? 