Many people carry out their daily life routine via car. Whether it is to drop their children off at school, or simply taking them to go to any sort of practice. Whichever the case, many find limiting car usage to be the answer to our problems.

One thing most people know is the amount of damage using a car can cause, especially to the enviorment. Air pollution has been a great facor into the problem as well as carbon emmisions. For example, in Europe passenger cars are responsible for about 12% of greenhouse gas emissions and up to 50%

in some car intensive areas across the areas in the United States. Congestion also plays into the problem. In France, there was an increase of smog in their cities, and disel runned cars were to blame. As an outcome, the cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to cage in car emissions.  With the limitation of car usage comes the decrease of toxic air roaming into our atmosphere, and an increase of a healthier lively one.

Besides the enviormental effects car usage has had on us, there is also human effect. Many people around the world have participated in events in which they were to quit the car usage and were to find different methods of transportation, and the feedback was positive. In Vauban, Germany there is a resident of an upscale community whom had owned a car, but had decided to give it up. Heidrun Walkter, a mother of two, had once owned a car but now she walks the streets and is able to hear the swish of bicycles and the chatter of children. She says "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way."

The limit of car usage has also brought about more days of physical activity. In Bogota, Columbia, there were millions of Columbians who hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during a car free day they had, in attempt to lower the smog in the air. In return, what the people got out of this day was both the decrease in smog, but also the decrease of stress. Not only did the day leave the capital city completely devoid of traffic jams but also brought many people closer with each other. As an example, a man riding a bicylcle with his wife around the city, and says to say it was beneficial for both the enviroment and themselves.

Overall, the limitation of car usage has drastically decreased the amount of air pollution, and smog around the world. It has brought about the sound of children playing and the sound of people riding their bicycles. Many of the countries around the world participate in events to lower the harmful outcomes of the car usage from Germany to Paris, to Columbia and the United States, but there are still efforts in which they are present.    