Have you had to make a really hard choice, and you keep second guessing yourself? Well, everyone feels like this at some point in their life. It's just if you want other people's opinion in your decision. There are many positives in other opinions other than yours. You should listen to them.

One opinion is not good when you want to make a good choice. Multiple opinions can help you find out what you really want to do, to make it a good choice. Here is an example, you are picking your classes for next year and it's a big year too, 9th grade. You are struggling to pick your last elective, you ask your family what to do. They tell you to do what you like. The next day you go to school and you ask all of your friends. They tell you to do what you love, band. So you go home and think about it, and come to the conclusion that you do love band so you go ahead and pick that as your elective. For this example you can clearly see that when you ask multiple people about what you should do, They tell you their honest opinion and it helps you figure out what you want to do.

Why is asking more than one person good? There are many reasons why it is good to ask more than just one person if you are wanting them to help you make a hard choice. One of them is, it opens your thought process, so if you are thinking a little bias on something. They can make you think about the other side of the problem. Another positive of have more than one opinion is, in the end result you will be happy. Even if it is not what you had expected, you will still be happy.

Some people dont talk to others when they feel a certain way. So lets say that your friend had her heart broken by someone, and you are have trouble with your relationship too. You go to them for help, and when you ask they give you all of their personal experience. To them it feels really good to open up to everything that had happened to them, and at the same time they are helping you. Sometimes you are helping a lot more than you think, not just for yourself but that friend.

Have you been second guessing yourself on a really hard choice? Everyone has done this at least once in their life. Their are people in your life that could help you stop second guessing yourself and make the right choice. There are so many positives in other peoples opinion. You should listen to them.