Imagine that you have a job after school, right after school goes out. But your school now requires you to take an extracurricular activity. You get fired from that job and all because of your school. This is what would happen to many people if schools mandated after school activities. I pick up my brother from his bus stop every day and if I had after school activities there would be no-one to pick him up. I think schools should not force students to take an extracurricular because of Jobs, People, and Time.

One of the reasons schools should not force students to take an extracurricular is Jobs. Some students have jobs after school. They might have to work to help support their family. If you made them take after school activities then they wont be able to make it to work on time most of the time and get fired. Nothing good would come of that situation.

Another reason is people like friends or family. As I said before, I pick my brother up from his bus stop every day. I also have friends that need to do the same thing. My mom has to go to work and my dad works from home so I'm the only one that can pick him up all the time. Same thing with my friend who also picks his brother up every day. If either of us had to do an extracurricular we wouldnt be able to pick up our siblings. Students also have plans after school with their friends, or maybe they are going on a trip with family. If they where forced into an extracurricular they would not have as much time to hang out with their friends or go places with family. They might be late to wherever they were going.

The last reason is time. Some students just simply dont have enough time every day to do an extracurricular. They might have clubs after school, or they might play on a sports team. Not everyone has that much free time after school. They have homework, eat, spend time on hobbies, etc. But an extracurricular takes another couple hours out of your day, thats less time to do all those things.

There are also arguments for students being forced into an extracurricular but I feel like students should have a choice because everyone is under different circumstances.

Card Stacking

Whether you have a job, a sibling to pick up, or plans with friends, you could be stopped from doing any of those things by the mandating of extracurricular activities.

Call to Action

So next time you have a chance to influence a decision about this topic, make sure you make it so that there are no forced after school activities.

Restate Thesis

That's why I think you should not make students take extracurricular.