"HEY, WHAT TO I NEED TO DO!".

People often attain confusion, but why be brain stumped just ask friends, family, or even your co-workers for their opinion. It is excellent to ask a question if you cannot decide what to do, but you do not have to be embarrassed just because you asked a question. You never access knowledge unless you ask a question. There are three reasons why you need to ask for multiple opinions you can have a variety of choices to choose from, you do not have to make a poor decision that will leave you with a lifetime flaw, and if a plan that you tried multiple times fails, you will always have a back-up plan.

First, the idea of having multiple choices is an excellent idea. Its similar to deciding what restaurant you crave, Longhorn Steakhouse or Outback Steakhouse. Longhorn may attain lower prices, but Outback attains outstanding quality. Also, having multiple choices endures the responsibility of constructing your own choices. Choices are based off of assumptions and also what ones' reactions are, one is more remarkable than the other, that one has a more outstanding design, or this one has a astronomical quality. Choices are difficult to make, but they will not kill you.

Secondly, making poor decisions can always be costly, somehow and someway. Constructing a poor decision is either going to finish outstanding or in an extreme consequence, think of it as your going to end up in Heaven or Hell. Heaven, finishing outstanding, is going to be an excellent life, while Hell, finishing in an extreme consequence, is not going to turn out so excellent. When having multiple opinions make sure you decide on the correct opinion and not the one that will strand you on an island.

Finally, it is always excellent to have a back-up plan. When your primary idea, plan A, does not always have an excellent ending make sure you have an intermediate plan, plan B, in reach. You will not always finish first in life, but as long as you attain an excellent back-up plan, you will have an excellent chance of doing so.

Think of it as Trump, every time he fails he has another plan just in grasp.

In conclusion, it is an excellent idea to have more than one opinion on board. It may never work out the way you wanted it to, but that is how life is, not fair. Just make sure you have another opinion in grasp, just like Trump. Yet, choices are tough, bitter, or disatorous, but as long as there are mutiple opinions we will make it through life.