Dear senator,

Many people argue that the electoral system is unfair to the voters but it's actually the opposite of that. I mean for starters most voters are easily manipulated and indecicive, If we choose the vote by popularity method it'll cause more of a problem then what we have now, and lastly not many people actually care for voting.

"The mob is stupid". This is what my 7th grade civics people told everyone. People are easily tricked. Just got a nazi germany for example. People belived in his philosophy and led to Germanys down fall. Anybody could appeal to anybodys needs. All you have to say is what the people want to hear. How you conduct yourself and how you talk is all you need to make some one on your side or to catch a vote. The electoral system is basically a back up defense in this type of a situation.

In addition, a "popular vote wins" election it'll cause' way more chaos than you could imagine. Like during the 2012 election obama only recieved 51.3% of votes. Can you belive that? Just 1.3% short was the opponent and you actually belive not only the people but Mitt Romney would accept his loss? He'd obviously demand for a recount and possibly even be calling so and so for being corrupt and it would be a wild two months if not four years

.

Lastly, many people do not care for voting which not only decreases the number to manipulate makes it harder for an election to be one sided. About half of americas population actually vote on elections which actually increases the odds of tight races.

To wrap this up i belive the electoral system should be kept not only does it safeguard against the manipulation of the people it also helps keep elections smooth and run properly and prevents chaos.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               