Today technology is arriving into the schools. Some schools offer distance leraning as an option for the students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Do you think that this would benefit students? I believe that it would not benefit students because of technology distraction, student behavior, and the different in capacity and ability for a student to understand things.

First reason, technology is an useful tool that people can use to learn or discover things, but it can be a huge distraction on young people. Today the technology is everywhere and it has everything which make it a powerful distraction for student's. Also, the students can copy any work from the internet while they are taking their online classes. The students will not learn anything if they copy every single work from the internet. Most students on school classes get distracted really easy by something around him, and also get bored when the teacher explain a new theme. I believe that is going to be more bored and distracted being at home alone doing conference and watching videos about the class. My home can distracted me more than my phone or computer, most kids have a video game, TV, family, and so others things that can catch their attention.

Second reason, student behavior can be a problem with online classes. A

lot of students do not respect or listen to their teacher at school, and

I am not wrong thinking that it would be the same at home with online classes. Most of this students do not listen to their teacher because they do not understand the way that the teacher explain or they do not like the teacher. So you can have an idea of how worst it can be i will give you an example, if a student do not like the subject of the day he can easily end the video conference with his teacher or he can just not listen to what he is explaining. The student can also not enter in to the class at the right time. I believe the there should be someone near the student to tell them what to do and how to do it.

Last reason, not all students have the same capacity to understand things. Not all the students have the same capacity to learn or understand by just watching videos or looking at pictures. I am a person who need someone to be physically near by so he or she can tell me how to do things. All the students that have this disability would be affected by this type of classes and this would make them to loose their credit on the class. At the same time this new type of classes is creating a barrier between students, teachers, and school.

Conclusion, the online classes do not benefit students because it can create a barrier between students, teachers, and school. The technology used for this programs can generate a distraction, and that can be a huge problem on future, the environment and behavior of the student can be a barrier too, and the different in capacity or ability to understand things can also represent an huge problem. At the end non one benefit from this online courses. 