Learning has been discussed by many knowledgeable people for along time. People need to learn new things because in this society everyone should have some information about something, so people get information by going to school. Every students should go to school to learn and they need to be ready for the classes before they are going to classes they need to look over their staffs. Students should make their self ready for the lessons. Although, many people believe that students would not benefit anything from being able to attend classes from home, nevertheless every students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it makes student smarter and it helps student to be more active.

To begin, every student should attend classes from home because it makes them smarter than anybody else. For example, when students attending classes from home they can understand the teacher better. Who are not attending classes from home they do not have any idea what the lessons are about and what the teacher is talking about. This shows that if students attending classes from home, they can focus the lessons more and it makes them to get "A" always. Clearly, students would benefit more from being able to attend classes from home.

Moreover, students have to attend classes form home because it makes students to be more active. For instance, after coming back from the school most of the students will just sleep, watching movies, and eat. They do not care about attending classes and they will never open their books in home. This proves that not attending classes from home can makes students an idle person so to not being an idle person, students should attend classes from home and also it helps them to be an active person for the rest of their life. Obviously, to not being an idle person students should always attend classes from home.

Overall, It helps student to be more active and it can makes student smarter is to attend classes from home. Students should attend classes from home because it can makes student smarter than anybody else and it makes students to not being an idle person. In conclusion, those are my two reasons to why students should attend classes from home. Also, it is really helpful if students attend classes from home because they can understand much and much better.              