Many schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home. Some students learn better when their teacher explains the work directly to them. Distance learning would be good for students who are sick and can not attend school. This could also be good for students who get in trouble a lot. Distance learning is good for students who are sick or students who do not learn well in a classroom environment, and in some classes it could be good for students that get in a lot of trouble.

Many students learn better when their teacher explains something directly to them. I know many students who always complain that they do not understand what the teacher is teaching the class, then when the teacher comes to their desk and explains it directly to them they understand. It would be beneficial to the students who do not work well in a classroom environment with other students. These students would prefer for it to be just the teacher in the room explaining the work to them because they can concentrate more.

Distance learning could be useful for students that are sick and can not come to school. Many students get behind on their school work when they are sick and can not catch up on work when they get back to school because the teacher is giving out more work for them to do. If a sick student was using distance learning then they could complete their work at home as soon as the teacher assigned it. This would prevent students from being behind on their school work.

Distance learning could be a good and easy alternative for students who like to get in trouble a lot in school. It would benefit them because they can not start trouble with other students or mess up any school property. This way they can be away from any trouble at school and still acquire a good education. If they start to show that their behavior has changed then the school may think about putting him/her back in school.

Some people may not agree with distance learning and say that a sick student can finish their work at school or that a student who does not learn well in a classroom should pay more attention in class. However, teachers are not going to stop teaching their class for a day so that one student that was sick can catch up on their work. Students who can not concentrate in classrooms would learn more if they were signed up for distance learning than if they stayed in a classroom where they could not concentrate. This can be helpful for many students if their school participated in it.

Distance learning can be beneficial for many students who understand their work better when a teacher is teaching directly to them or for students who like to start a lot of trouble at school. Many students like when the teacher teaches the work to them individually. Sick students can use distance learning to catch up and their missed work. Troublesome students should be signed up for distance learning because they can be at home away from trouble and still learn what the teacher has been teaching in class.