Yes driverless cars could be great in this world for the if they save a lot more fuel, reduce the number of traffic accidents, and much more. But there could be problems to that many people will ask. I will talk about three of these problems such like what if the computer of the car goes crazy and it makes the car go out of control. Second what if some hacker just hacks into the computer of the car and purposly messes with the computer to make it crash. The third thing is what will happen if one of these sensors breaks or stops working. These are all major things thats could cause serious problems of death.

Lets talk about the first issue which was what if the computer in the car goes crazy. If it when crazy this car could possibly drive on the wrong side of the road, go of the road, and it possibly even run somebody over. I mean we cant say thats not possible because we see problems with technology everyday. So what could make it not happen, This could cause a serious life or death situation which would not be very good.

Okay now you could that it would happen because of new computer software and it updates constantly. Yes that could make it much more safe but the only problem is there is alway criminals in this world who kill. Now what or would stop them from hacking into one of the cars computer and change coding so it could crash. This could be a really big issue. Theres always new ways of hacking coming out so it would be to hard for people to just do it. We see it all the time that somebody has hacked into the goverment, into apples icloud, or even a internet server. Theres no way of stopping them before it happens.

The third big issue is what if a sensor or the sensor stop working on the car and the computer doesnt recgonize that. This could cause it to go of the road, hit another car, and crash. Yes the car does alert the driver but what would be the point if most people will put their alert down evetually getting used to the car. So their reaction would be slower and it would possibly be to late.

Nobody wants to lose their life or risk it with such a car. It would be much better if the human was incontrol the who time. Its much more safe and they get more experince to driving so when they are in a situation they will know what to do over a driverless car. So i say that we shouldnt have driverless cars.   