The Face, made by aliens or just a natural landform? The Face, believe it, is just a natural landform on Mars. Why, the Face, is a natural landform is because, for one we do have images of this landform, the Face is also like a natural landform we have here on earth, and if there was an ancient alien civilization on Mars it would benifit NASA, so why think we're hiding anything? Maybe there was once aliens, but the facts just don't prove that to be true, therefore it is indeed just a natural landform.

We do have many images of the Face. The very first one that was taken in 1976 does indeed look like a face, but over the years wtith new technology it doesn't look like a face anymore. Now you may say that it's because of erosion and blah blah, but it's not. It has always been just a mesa which is very common on Mars, "New high-resolution images and 3D altimetry from NASA’s Mars Global Survey spacecraft reveal the Face on Mars for what it really is: A mesa." With our better technology it clearly shows that it is indeed not a face, therefore maybe you should stop believing it is.

The Face, is like one of the natural landforms we have here on earth. These natural landforms are natural occuring lava dome that took the form of an isolated mesa and they look about the same as the many that are on Mars. "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa—landforms common around the American West. “It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,” says Garvin. “That’s a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars.” All in all, Garvin is a real, bona fide scientist, so why not believe him?

If that still didn't convince you then this might. Simply if there was ever life on any other planet in our solar system we, NASA, would highly benifit from it. We would be able to study them and learn everything about them. So why would we hide it? Well we could if they, the aliens, didn't feel very comfortable with us telling everyone about them wanting to go see our leader and what-not. "Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars—evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars." Yes we could be hiding it from you for their sake not ours, so before you think that we're hiding things from you for us think about the aliens too.

Sure maybe we're all wrong and in the end you were right and there were once alien life forms on Mars, but that simply can't be true. The things we have; the images, an example of one here on earth, and the realization that if there were ever life forms on Mars it would benifit NASA and everyone else on Earth. So if you would please take your skeptical specticals off and realize that not everything you think is right is right, because maybe you're wrong. Who knows though there could be aliens out there on Mars hiding or maybe they're watching us as you read this.