Sometimes, you can be wrong. Most of the time people recognize it, so you go to other people for advice. Seeking multiple opinions is a good idea because you get more input, you can combine ideas to make one super plan, and if someone knows something you don't, then you can correct your idea and make it better.

One reason getting different opinions is a good idea is because you can get multiple second opinions. The best that could happen is that you and whoever you are talking with can add so many good opinions to your ideas that you could do something great with it, like design a great video game, or develop a new medicine, or maybe make a way to keep our soldiers safe in combat. If nobody gives any good opinions, you might just get laughed at. Not a lot of bad could come out of it.

Another reason second opinions are a good idea is because you can combine them into one super plan. Lets say you were playing a strategy video game called Total War-Three Kingdoms. You might want to do just a frontal assault on the castle walls, and take them by force, but your friend might point out that they have heavy

Pole arms up on the wall, a great anti-infantry unit. Your other friend says you need to take down the arrow towers along the wall to stop the enemy from peppering your troops with arrows as you assault the walls, and also need to use

T

rebuchets to destroy them. Then, you combine all the plans into one massive one- use the

Trebuchets to both destroy the arrow towers and destroy the walls, taking out chunks of the wall so your troops can breach into the fortress, knocking the

Pole arms off the wall (effectively killing them), and taking out the arrow towers. Now that's good teamwork.

The final reason second opinions are better than only your own is if somebody knows information that you don't, they can provide it and you can revise whatever your idea or plan is. Say you are playing the same game (Total War-Three Kindoms), and this time you are defending on an open plane. You are maneuvering your troops into a defensive position that will be great for deflecting frontal attacks, when your ally tells you that they saw that the other team has a unit of the

Black Mountain Marauders

(a very good anti-infantry duel-ax wielding unit with the special ability to be able to be deployed behind the enemy), but you and your ally notice that they aren't with the main enemy army. Your ally realizes that they must be hidden in the trees off to the left of your main army, and that if you hadn't realized it, they would have flanked your army and taken a massive toll. So, your ally decides that you hold off the main army, and he uses his archers and cavalry to rain hell on the hidden ax warriors so they don't destroy you. How fun and violent.

So, second opinions are almost always better than one. Sure, you might know what you're doing, but ask trusted others what their take on the situation is. The reasons you do this is because more inputs produce better ideas, you can combine inputs into one super opinion, and others might know key information that you don't, so listen.