I disagree with the principle on this decision, to make every student do an extracurricular activity because of three main points, the first being a student may have an activity that doesn't count as an extracurricular activity and adding the extracurricular activity would interfere with their schedules, the second point is students have lots of homework already. It may already be hard to keep up with school work for some students, and adding more work for them to do may make their grade drop and may add more stress to their lives. The third and finial point I'm going to make is, if you force students into extracurricular activities that they may not enjoy doing the amount effort they would put in will be low.

To elaborate on my first point, lets imagine you are a student and you had to go to school, then head to a job for a few hours then back to your house where you have to make dinner for you're whole family. After dinner you start your homework, every weekday that is your schedule. Then the principle make you start a extracurricular activity which mess up your whole schedule adding more stress and more things you need to do into your life.

Adding to my second point, If a student is already struggling in school and already has lots of stress to deal with. Then making the student add an extra curricular activity may not be the best course of action because it will only add extra stress to their lives. This may make their grades drop which will only add more stress to their already extremely stressful lives.

The final point is, if we force students to get an extracurricular activities that they didn't want to do. They would get bored of those extracurricular activities, and since we are forcing them to do those activities they will just lower the amount of effort they put into those activities, and making the school look like it bad because the students would have poor work.

Instead of forcing students into extracurricular activities, a better solution would be to encourage students to join in on some extracurricular activities. Then let them choose if they want to join any extracurricular activities on their own, because if we force all students to do extracurricular activities no matter what no one will benefit. I believe that if we let them choose if they want to join in extracurricular actives. They will be more inspired and will produce better work overall.

In collusion, I disagree with the principle on his decision, and believe that we should encourage students to join not just to forcing them into a extracurricular activity, because students will we more inspired to do the work and produce better work if they got to choose, than if they didn't get to choose.