Do you think the seagoing cowboys is a good job? Well I do and here are some reasons why. You can spend lots of time with diffrent animals you can also spend alot of time out on the clear sunny ocean, and most of important of all you are helping people. When you are out on the ocean you can have alot of fun and join very easily. To think of it I joined just from my freind inviting me to go to Europe on a cattle boat.

Spending alot of time with different animals on a ship is amazing. You get to feed, take care, and have alot of fun with them. Taking care of those young cows and mules can be alot of fun they can sometimes be funny and they can comfort you. Imagine if there was a really bad storm you will always have to cows and mules to keep you company. Would'nt you love being around lots of anmals?

When you get taken over seas to help people it feels good to know you are helping people in need. What if you were those people who needed help to get your countrie recovered from a bombing? You would want somebody or someone to help you recover. This is another reason why you should come and join the seagoing cowboys you can be someone who helps people in need of your assistance. This is another reason why you should join us.

Think of being on a cruse except with animals that is what it is like to be over the seas with the seagoing cowboys you can see the sunny clear ocean and there is plenty of fish. You will have a beutiful veiw of the nice pretty clear ocean. If your lucky enough you can even see the sight of diffrent fish. You can even get the chance to catch them if you wish. There is lots of diffrent things you can do over seas and we also get to help different countries.

In conclusion, you should join seagoing cowboys because you can have alot of fun if you enjoy being over sea with alot of animals see different fish help countries and be the best person you can be. Other things you can do are fencing,boxing,reading,vollyball, and baseball so if you enjoy these activities then you should consider joining the seagoing cowboys. When you are doing those activities it can pass the time if you are missing your family. These are reasons I think you should join the seagoing cowboys.           