When asking for advice, it is important to talk to multiple people so you can get different opinions. Getting different opinions helps the person make a wise choice, instead of making a rash decision and using only one person's opinion. Asking for advice is basically doing research, because for both you use multiple opinions, whether from people, websites, or books, to conduct smart research or to make a good decision. For example, if I was doing an essay for school, I would use multiple websites and many different books on my topic so that my essay would be factual and outstanding. If all of my information came from one source, my essay may not be as factual because I would not have any other source to compare it to. Doing research is similar to asking for advice because if I wanted to know what people thought about a certain restaurant, I would get multiple opinions by asking friends and reading reviews online.

Having multiple opinions makes the person more knowledgeable about what they are seeking advice for. For example if you were thinking about buying a hand soap, you would probably ask for advice before you bought the hand soap. If you asked a friend that had received a defected bottle, they may tell you that the product is terrible because of their experience with the product. But if you ask another friend who had a great experience with the hand soap, they will probably tell you how terrific the soap is and how beautiful it smelled. The person that had a bad experience will be biased to say that the product is bad, but the review is the opposite for the person that had a great experience with the hand soap.

I have personally made the mistake of not seeking advice from multiple people when I decided to buy a pair of shoes. I had asked a friend what his thoughts were on a pair of shoes and he said that they were great. I then asked him if I should wait to see if they go on sale, but he said the shoes were so amazing that I should buy a pair right away. So I bought the shoes at the store, and when we returned a week later, the shoes were discounted for 20%. If I had asked for multiple opinions on whether I should or shouldn't buy the pair of shoes I may have saved $15 that day. That event always reminds me to seek advice from many people to receive multiple viewpoints and make a wise decision.