School and education has come a long way from when it first started hundreds of years ago. Us students now have many resources we can use to attain our educational goals and strive as scholars. With that being said getting education online is a new branch off the tree to get students the education they need. Students can benefit from having their classes online or by video conferencing because it can give students more time to do extracurricular activities, it can relieve stress from some students, and teachers jobs can become easier and they won't be as tired.

One of the main goals in high school is to get students to push past their barriers and to get them out of their comfort zones. Schools want their kids to do sports and join clubs, but one of the reasons that they won't is because it takes to much time and commitment out of their day. They won't be able to balance their athletic lives with their school lives. Online classes that you attend from home would possibly influence more kids to try new sports and clubs, and it could open up a new world for student athletes to give them a sense of balance in their lives.

An underlying problem in all schools is the feeling of stress within the students. Most students feel that they recieve to much work from their teachers to do in a short amount of time and get pressured that they might not get it done. Although you cannot fully eliminate stress, online classes from home could help this cause by opening up more time for assignments to get done.

Teachers have a schedule they need to follow in class to make sure that the students learn all the material they need to by the end of the school year. This leads to alot of homework, projects, and tests which students aren't faund of, but i'm sure teachers feel the same way. The teachers are the ones that have to take the time to stay after school to help students and grade all the assignments that they assign, and i'm sure that's taxing and takes a toll on them. Online classes would help the problem with teachers grading. Making it easier and quicker for teachers to send feedback. Video conferencing would make life much more easier for teachers to help students, and it also gives them the luxery to do it in their own home.

The ways people can get their education has evolved so much over time that I feel we have to take advantage of it. Attending classes from home can help student athletes balance out their time and get more work done, it can relieve stress from students and not feel pressured by time restrictions to get work done, and the teachers job can become a whole lot easier because they can help students by video conferencing from home, and they can give faster feedback on work. In total all leading to a great and healthy school experience for the students and the teachers.