Many kids will believe that having to attend classes at home is a good idea because they can work at their own pace and won't have to wake up so early just to get to class on time. But the students need to realize that if schools decided to have video conferencing or online classes, then the schools would need to provide computers to every student in the county, there will be no teachers by their side to make sure they have the reassurance they need, and it will be difficult to stay focus on your school work.

In order for students to be able to do their school work from home, they will need to have access to a computer. Not many students have access to Wifi or any type of technology except when they are at school. The schools will need to get a laptop to every student in the county and that will cost them millions of dollars. Because if the students attended school, the classrooms would be able to share the computers with the kids that are in each class and that way schools would'nt have to provide one for each individual student. Also, giving children under the age of twelve a computer to learn will be a big risk because there will not be someone to look after them and making sure they are doing what needs to be done in order to finish their assignments. And aslo the amount of damages will increase because children are not respondsible with valuable things especially expensive things. This issue is just a part of something bigger that will happen if we were to switch to distant learning.

Another conflict that could happen would be students needing more guidence. When students are in class and need clarification, the teacher will be there answering each and every students questions if they are confused. In distant learning they wont have access to that anymore because there will be no teacher. Since everything is online, students will have to email the teacher and might have to wait an entire day to get a response back. Also, students might need to learn a specific topic a different way and not every teacher is the same. At school the students are able to get help from different teachers and have a different perspective on a subject that they might have never knew about if there were'nt different teachers with different methods at their disposal.

Last issue would be that students will end up getting distracted very easilly. Parents are usually at work most of the day and will not be there to make sure their kids are staying up to date with their assignments because they have a family they need to provide to. Most students have a phone, t. v, or tablet available to them at any time and it will make it dificult for them to stay focus and on track. This will make it harder for students to turn in their assignments on time because it will be hard to resist the temptation of using a device that isnt the computer with their assignment on it. Students need to have a teacher there to help them stay focus on what is nessessary and always have someone to look out for them with their school work.

Students are still children and they need an adult who has been through the struggle to help them get on the right path to success. The students may act like they can be independent but they still need assistance from an adult. Distant learning defeats the whole purpose of being able to interact with one another and having the ablility to have decent communication skills. Children need to get out of their comfort zone and expericence the life outside their own room. There are so many opportunuties that each student could get if they stay in school and put themselves out there and have connections with other people. Therefore, having students attend classes from home would be not be a good decision.                   