In my opinion, driverless cars are a big mistake. People will become careless while "driving", there will be more accidents due to computer malfunctions, and these cars will cost a lot more money in the long run. There is no real responsibility or accountability on the drivers part if there were to be an accident. I believe that these cars should not be sold to the public until more research and tests are done on the subject.

Driverless cars will cause people to become more careless and less attentive when they are in the car. They will not be focused on the road just in case their is a malfuntion or problem with the systems that control the car. These cars will make people think that they should not be held accountable if they are in an accident, however, this is not the case. The owner of the driverless car should be held accountable in an accident simply because there is no person in control of the vehicle. There are no real positive effects to the driverless car.

Due to the driverless cars having more computers and systems than normal cars, there will be many more accidents due to computer malfunctions. This is unavoidable. Because of the computers being in control of the car, the person "driving" the driverless car in an accident will most likely be held responsible. Due to this, and many other reasons, the driverless car is more of a hassle than it is truely worth.

The driverless car will not only make careless drivers and cause more accidents, it will also be very costly for the owner. The car will most likely cost a large sum of money to buy initially. Then the owner will have to pay for extra upkeep on the car compared to a normal car. If the owner were ever to get in an accident due to a computer malfuntion, the perso will have to take the blame for the accident, as well as pay for their own medical help. All in all the driverless car does not seem like a very wise purchase.

In my opinion driverless cars are not only costly, they also create careless drivers, and will most likely cause more accidents. There is no real positive effect to these cars. I do not belive that they should be legalized or sold to the public until there are more studdies and work done on them.    