Today, around the world, there are concerns that many individuals abuse the use of cell phones while driving a vehicle. Using a cell phone, while driving a vehicle, is dangerous to the user and puts others at risk of unnecessary accidents or death. The use of a cellular device, while driving, increases the risk of a car accident and decreases the driver's focus on the road. The abuse of cell phone usage, while driving in horrible weather conditions may also increase the risk of injury or death. Drivers should not use mobile phones while driving because it could lead to distraction which increases cognitive delays in the brain. Several emerging concerns of cell phone abuse, while driving, includes: texting or speaking to another individual, an increase in vehicular accidents, and a disruption of brain activity which results in a decrease of concentration.

Texting or speaking on a mobile phone while driving is distracting to a driver of a vehicle. These types of distractions may cause drivers to lose focus of the road or their surroundings which can ultimately endanger the driver and others. Talking to people, while operating a vehicle increases one's distraction. Conversations, by mobile phone, while driving, can be emotionally charged which only decreases awareness on the road, its rules and other drivers on the road. Cell phone distraction rates, due to texting or speaking while driving, are at an all-time high. Taking one's eye off the road or removing a hand off the steering wheel significantly increases the chance of an unnecessary car accident. It is not only the responsibility of the driver with a cell phone, but the individual on the other end of the conversation, to be respectful of the need for a driver to have complete focus while driving. At one time, cell phones did not exist, so it is imperative that conversations between people are held before or after a person is no longer operating a vehicle. There are state laws which have recently passed that impose fines, upon individuals, for cell phone abuse, such as texting while driving.

Accidents can be caused by individuals using their cellphones while driving. Car accidents and human deaths, due to cell phone abuse while driving, have unfortunately increased in the United States. Today, nearly everyone uses a cell phone where people check their social media, read or send text messages and/or make calls. Unfortunately, many people try to use their phones while driving which cause car accidents. Car accidents can ultimately lead to unnecessary injury or death of innocent bystanders. In addition to driving under the influence, the use of cell phones while driving increases accidents the world over.

A disruption within the human brain causes an individual to lose concentration or focus while driving. For example, driving a vehicle and talking to someone on the phone cannot be given the same amount of equal attention at the same time. For example, if the brain, of a driver, is focusing on a conversation on the phone, he or she may not notice the red light because he or she is looking at the phone versus straight ahead. It is virtually impossible for an individual mentally focus one hundred percent on more than one thing at a time. People cannot multitask where there is optimal focus and effectiveness. The brain handles tasks sequentially, switching from one task to another. Yet, the brain is incapable of juggling focus or attention simultaneously. .

The abuse of cell phones, while driving, is detrimental to oneself and others due to the contributing factors of texting, holding phone conversations, vehicular accidents and loss of focus due to limits within the human brain. There is only about a three second reaction time between a potential car crash and a driver being distracted by his or her cell phone. Texting or holding a conversation on a mobile device, while driving, is arguably just as dangerous as driving under the influence of alcohol or other substances. In many states, throughout North America, it has been made illegal to write, send, or read a text-based communication while operating a vehicle. Today, current vehicles install bluetooth in order to increase the use of hands free cell phone use, and in hopes of decreasing unnecessary vehicular accidents.   