Schools that provide distant learning has a negative effect on students Which they cannot benefit from home schools. Students will not be able to benefit from this because students needs to be in a classroom setting. In a class room settings students will be able to stay focus on there work as well as completing Class work on time, teachers will be able to provide help with class work or any missing assignments, and Students will be able to communicate with other students and complete various class work or activites.

First, students will stay focused in a classroom setting because there is less distractions and the teacher will keep them on tasks with there school work. Being home will cause more distraction for the student because they will be on there phone more often, watching TV, or talking to a family member which the student can't focus. Also students are able to interact and answer questions and ask questions as a whole class. Lastly students will be able to complete class work on time and to participate in class activities.

Next, teachers will be able to provide one on one help if needed. Furthermore, Teachers can also except late work and give out extra credit work to help boost the students grades up. also teachers can break down the notes and answer in any questions you have during class. Lastly teachers provide after school tutoring to help any student catch up on late work or help with work that the student doesn't Understand.

Lastly,Students will be able to communicate with other students and complete various class work or activites.

Being at home and taking online classes isn't healthy for the student being home and not being able to communicate with other students in there age group will make even harder for them to succeed in being home school. Also students can also benefit from being around other students because they can work with each other as a group and also complete tasks together so they can finish quickly.

However, Schools that provides distant learning as an option students will not benefit from this. student will benefit from being in classroom with other students in there age. The reason are that students will stay focused in a classroom setting, teachers can provide help in the classroom and answer any questions for you, and they can communicate with other students to complete class work and activities.                                                               