How does someone make a better choice when seeking multiple opinions from others?

Have you ever hesitated about a decision and asked others what they believe you should choose? When you ask someone about what choice you should make they often share their experiences on that topic giving you more knowledge on each choice. Talking to more than one person can help someone make better decisions by knowing other peoples experiences. Being aware of the possible outcomes, knowing what the experience is like, and knowing how it will affect others are all reasons why it is important to know other people's experiences when asking for their opinion.

When a person seeks advice from multiple people that have had experiences with their choice, the person is more likely to be more aware of what the possible outcomes are. For example, when I was choosing my electives for eighth grade, I couldn't decide whether to retake Algebra I or take Geometry. Therefore, I asked my sister, Generic_Name, who had retaken Algebra I, and my brother, Generic_Name, who had taken Geometry. Generic_Name's opinion was that because my grade Algebra 1 in was not good, it'd be wiser to retake it because the eighth grade Algebra I teachers taught better than the seventh grade teachers. She also mentioned that retaking it was a chance to get my grades higher. Generic_Name, however, told me that Geometry was easy and it could give me more high school credits. I chose to retake Algebra I, as a result, I have a perfect score in the class and I was able to learn more than I did in seventh grade. My peers that have taken Geometry say that the class is hard and they don't have a good grade in it. When I asked my siblings what it was like taking each class in eighth grade, they shared with me their experiences which lead me to make right choice by taking Algebra I which had a better outcome.

When people share their experiences with another person, that person knows that they could expirience the same thing. For example, when buying a product a person will want to know if it is worth the money. The person will most likely go to the reviews of the product and see how other described the quality. Reading the reviews helps someone decide whether they should buy the product based on how well it works and lasts. Another scenario is when people want to travel and don't know if the place they are traveling to is going to be how they think it is. People often go to friends or family that they know have traveled to that destination to know what they should expect when they arrive. Another time when somone will want to know other peoples experiences is when they want to eat at a restaurant. People will ask others for reccomendations for restaurants that they beleive they would enjoy and which restaurants they don't reccomend eating at. Some restaurants have unsanitary foods or have foods that can cause severe allergic reactions, to stay safe people want to learn from other peoples experiences to learn if they had any problems with certain restaurants so they know which places they should eat at. Knowing other people's experiences with things someone wants to try out is important so they know what they could be experiencing when they make a certain choice.

Sometimes making a decision affects not just one person, but multiple people. An example would be when a leader is making a rule they're going to want to know what happened when other countries tried to enforce the same rule. They want to know how the rule affected the citizens of other countries to know if the new rule would be beneficial or harmful for their people. Another time when this happens is when family or friends want to do an activity, they communicate with each other and share which activities they have done in the past that they think everyone else will enjoy. During sports games the players on a team will strategize with each other to find the best way to win. They know which tactics work and which don't after trying out new strategies each game and seeing if strategies that other teams used have worked. Sometimes making a decision doesn't depend on one person, it depends on multiple people to end up with a choice together so everyone is in agreement and everything is fair. These are all reasons why it is important to know others people's experiences and opinions when making a choice.

When a person is asked about their opinion on a certain choice they often share their experiences with it which helps the person asking make a better choice. Asking for others opinions helps the person be more aware of the possible outcomes, know what the experience will be like, and know how it will affect others. Making huge decisions is hard, but when a person makes them alone without anybody elses opinion, it is even harder.        