Summer vacation is often regarded as the most ejoyable time a student can have in year. Although many students enjoy this time, the content they learned at school can be lost in the festvities. To ensure this does not happen, schools should hand out a required summer assignment of the students' choosing. By letting the students choose, they will be more interested in the topic of the project, more inclined to further study the topic they chose beyond the requirements of the projects and said project will decrease the probability of a student forgetting the material learned during the school year.

Students are far more likely to complete an assignment to the best of their ability if they are interested in what they're doing. The usual projects assigned by teachers are often boring and can be done well enough for a good grade in around an hour of solid work. However, if the student is passionate about the project they will go above and beyond in order to inform their teachers and peers about the topic they have chosen. Students who pick their own project get to show off what they know and what they've learned which is a huge incentive in and of itself.

Students that pick their topic may get so interested in what they're doing that they dive into deeper thought about the subject, a useful learning experience that can be beneficial in all walks of life, or do more research for the joy of doing it rather than for the grade. This will enrich the students education with learning strategies and techniques not often taught at school. It will also persuade them to fall in love with the joy of learning new things and, as a result, their educational performance will drastically increase. In addition students could find a passion in what they're researching providing a goal for the student which will also increase academic performance. For example, I found what I'd like to major in at college through a project I got to choose. It also provided me with an opportunity to think outside the box, something i rarely get the chance to do at school.

Student forgetting information is an issue all schools face. The first month of school is often spent doing review which wastes time in the long run. If students did just one project over the long break, they are less likely to forget what they learned the previous year. The project would have certain guidlines that would touch on each of the core subjects, namely: science, math, language arts and history. By doing this, students will apply the skills learned in the classroom to something their interested in.

In conclusion, students who pick their projects are more likely to acquire new, useful learning skills outside of the classrom, retain the information learned at school and finally, fully apply themselves in an effort to show off their knowledge and spread their passion. 