Are some of you parents out there wondering how you can get your son out of the house because he has hit those teenage years. Well guess what i have the perfect suggestion for you. Well we have a special guest to explain to you how his trip was and to get you to sign up now herer he is. Hello! My name is luke, i am a high school grudating student fro mthis experinceice. Now you know what lets get right into it. The first thing i want to talk about is the first things i did or was doing before i got this oppurtinty aslo who gave me this oppurtinty. Well first thing first i was working just like any normal high school teenager was i worked at a bank and at a groccery store. Next this oppurtinty was gavinen to be by my great friend Don Reist. Now this oppuritnty was once in a lifetime how could i say now. Well now lewts talk about what you do before you get on the boat. Well real simplie you go to Eruope and get on a cattle boat. Some of you may ask what is a cttle boat? Well a cattle boat where you watch peoples cow,Horeses and more. So me and my buddy Ron we didnt pick the very best time to go we went in the year of 1945. Yea you can say it that's the year of Wold War 2, I know I know it is well also you may say this man is trying to get me to take my child to Eroupe and put him on a boat and have him go when a war is going on im not doing that i don't want my kid to die. Well you know what i'm still living standing strong to. Well how about we quiet agrueing and just get on to what i did when i was on the boat. Alright well i boarded the boat and i got on searched around and everything. Also i forgot to tell you this job you do how a couple months or years is called "Seagoing Cowboys".

Alright so its August and we were headed to new orleans. We arrived on August 14 the day the pacific war ended. See i told you people that your childern wont die i was on the boat for a cople days or months. We had 335 horses on are boat. You might ask how did the boat not sink? Well the boat is perfectly safe no damages to it no broken parts if your childern sign up they will be perfectlyu safe. I had to feed the horses 2 or 3 times a dy wicgh it was very exouhusting but also fun At the same time. Well you know how i said your children will be saf well thats gets me into the part where i almost fell into the atlantic ocean. Well i was going to repoert to the captin because when i turned 18 i got a promation to night watch and had to report to the captin ever 1 hour. Well it was dark and rainiy that night and i tripped over some and i sliped all the way down to the back and the edge of the until a pice of metal stoped me. Well i was still happy to be alive.

See i told you that your son and dauhter will have agreat experince on this magnifcent trip. See im still alive. So come oont this trip will teach them how to work hard for things. And it gets you a week of no teenagers. So come on just sign your kid up and you will have a diffrent child when your back. Thanks for leisting to my story im luke Bye!!!        