Do you ever ask for advice? People ask for advice because they are confused about something. 90% of people ask for advice everyday. Some still cannot come to a conclusion. It is good to seek multiple opinions because you could learn something new that you never would have thought of on your own. After all, what we really want is the best solution. When people ask for advice, they sometimes ask more than one person because they could find new opportunities, they learn that some people show bias, and so they can see both sides.

First, asking for multiple opinions could open your eyes to more possibilities. I got the opportunity to get a scholarship to James Madison University. The problem was I wanted to be a pediatric oncologist and they do not have that at JMU. I was not going to go, but I was convinced to take the scholarship. At first I did not ask for any advice. My whole family wanted me to go. Although they did not help me decide, they said they would support the decision I made. My teacher said getting a full scholarship was once in a lifetime. I still had five years until college, so I had time to change my mind about my future career. She sat down with me and explained everything the JMU program did. She said they help get scholarships to other schools. The program was five years long. After that I would get to go to college. She showed me more options, that I never even knew about. If I did not ask her I would never be where I am today.

Second, if you ask someone for advice they may show bias towards one side. Politics are a perfect example. Lets say it's almost time to vote. You did your research on both candidates, but you are not sure who to vote for. They both have good arguments. So you ask your friend for advice. Your friend is only on one side. They do not even consider the other candidate. Now, you are back at he beginning. You could try to convince them to consider both sides, but they might argue with you. Some people might not care what you say. A couple months ago I put my application in at Tropical Smoothie and JC Penny. They both pay good. I heard back from both of them. My mom said I had to work at JC Penny because that is where she worked when she was a teenager. I told her that Tropical Smoothie is closer and pays more. Since I cannot drive yet she has to take me. She said she would only take me to JC Penny. So, I asked my dad and he said to work at the one I want. I now work at Tropical Smoothie and my dad takes me. I am happy I asked for more advice.

Third, it's good to get advice from people who see both sides. They could show you the good and bad. For example, I was struggling with something very important in my life. I had two options. One try out for softball and two keep being involved with my club FCCLA. I have played softball since I was four. I love it, but I have grown to love FCCLA even more. I am an officer and I am competing in the state competition. If I made the softball team, I could no longer be involved with FCCLA. There would not be time for both. So, I talked to my parents and my grandma. My parents wanted me to do softball. They were going to make me try out. Then, I talked to my grandma. She said I would love JV softball, but I would spend all my time doing it. She also said FCCLA looks great on a college application and it's fun. She showed me both sides. I talked to the coach and he compromised with me. He said I could practice with the team so I could have a flexible schedule. Asking another person really helped me with my decision.

In conclusion, people may ask more than one person for advice because it opens there eyes to new opportunities, some people you ask only see one side, and they want to see both sides. I learned that if you do not ask for advice or just ask one person you could miss out on a great opportunity. Some people have great advice but some people do not. Do not listen to someone who shows bias. It will not help you get anywhere. It is good to see both sides because you can see why your decision is good and bad. If you are confused just ask, it will help you so much. Imagine if you spent your whole life just waiting to decide.        