Dear Principal,

I think you should use Policy 1 and allow students to bring their phones to school and use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as the phones are turned off during class time. It would give students a way to communicate to each other, but also allow them to focus on their work during class. If any student is caught using their phones during class, you can take their phone away as a warning. It also gives students a way to communicate with their parents if anything goes wrong at school. For example if a student forgot something at home and they need their parent to drop it off at their school, they could use their cell phones to contact them. Or, if a student isn't feeling well and they need to go home, they can contact their parent to bring them home, with permission from the health teacher or other school staff.

I think that giving students a chance to use their phones during lunch period and free times will make them more eager to come to school. Allowing cellular usage will help them to see that you can trust that they will follow the school rules. And making sure they turn their phones off during class to make sure their focused in class is an excellent idea. It gives students the freedom they want, and the chance to communicate with friends and family. Whether its for emergency or recreational purposes, they will be satisfied and grateful for the privilege to use their phones at school. I also think that allowing them to use their phones will help them to get their mind off of school work and help them to relax for a little bit. And when they return to class, their minds will be refreshed and ready to learn something new.

Students will be happy to know that they won't be restricted to use their phones during free time and lunch, and a majority of them will probably want to keep using their phones at school, so its a definite possibility that they will follow the rules. They also want you to see that you an trust them, and they will follow your rules.