Should students have the ability to create their own projects to further their own education during the summer; or should the instructor give a teacher-designed project? Students should be able to make their own student-designed project. They have a say in their own education, especially when it comes to their summer break. Unlike teachers; students know their own limits when it comes to stress. Teachers tend to give more and more work to 'help' their students, when they are really hurting their mental state. Although, some students are proven to be less responsible than others, they are able to realize what they can and can't do. Yes, continuing student's education over the summer might be the best for them, but is it really worth stressing them out?

Summer time for teachers and students, is a time for them to have fun and relax. Why have the teacher do the project on their break, when their students can do so in a way that they enjoy? Students are capable of creating a project that is fun and helps them learn new things on the way. Teachers meanwhile, might tend to put their own stress in the work, due to their break being cut down for a project. Many people tend to see students in a bad light. Such as, irresponsible, lazy, and forgetful. Rather than putting them in this bad light, we can give them a chance to choose their own learning style over the summer. Is summer break really about having fun or just having work?

Many adults and teachers tend to see students in a bad light; such as: irresponsible, lazy, and forgetful. When in reality it is due to them not being motivated. When there is a chance; like this, to give a student a way to teacher themselves in their own unique way. Self-motivation is what most 'lazy' or 'irresponsible' students need when it comes to their own education. Taking these small steps, may help many students to improve their self confidence and motivation when it comes to school work. Why constantly putting students in a bad life for their past behavior, when we have a chance for them to give themselves some motivation when it comes to school work?

When the time hits for summer, teachers and students want to relax, but also continue learning at the same time. Teachers tend to not realize their students limits when it comes to work. Students need self-motivation when it comes to school work sometimes. To help their education and stress levels, why not let students make their own project for the summer, for their benefit?