Right when you get home you rush to your room to open your letter. You read "we were happy you came out and put effort in but you have been cut from this team." You are defeated knowing you really wanted to play a sport but now you dont know how you will be able to do an extracurricular activity. I think we should not force students to do at least one extracurricular sport because a lot of students will be cut, many students will be stressed and not have time, and not everyone has the ability or equipment.

I think that we shouldn't make every kid do an extracurricular activity because many students will be cut. If all kids have to do a activity after school a lot of kids will be trying out for sports. If theres a student who really want to play but gets cut because someone better who doesn't want to play gets to play wouldn't be fair. Also having so many students trying to play a sport or just having to expand teams would also be chaotic and difficult to manage. Therefore we should not make every student do a extracurricular activity after school.

secondly not all students like sports or band. There are many students who dont like after school activities or they already do one but not related to school. there are also kids who are not able to play sports or activities from being disabled or not able to walk. Even though kids could do a sport or activity doesn't mean they should. There are students who have to take care of their family and always have to do chores or dont have the money to buy themselves the equipment for the sport or activity. Also there are many students who do have to help their parents with finance reasons where it would be nearly impossible for them to add on an extracurricular activity.

This leads me to my last statement that some students dont have time to do a sport. like I said students sometimes have to be home always helping or having so much schoolwork they cant do a extra activity. Students now have close to twice as much work to get to a college than the 1900's. Kids have to bend over backwards always trying to keep up with their schoolwork. As a result it would be really hard for them to do a activity when they have so much already on their plate. Students would just be getting stressed after coming home from their after school activity when they have a lot of work waiting for them when they get home.

In conclusion I believe that they should not force students to do a extracurricular activity for these reasons. Many kids will be cut, not all kids can or have resources for it, and some students dont have time for it. For those reasons I think that it wouldn't be a great decision to make every student do one extracurricular activity.       