In today's day and age, technology has drastically increased. People seem to rely on the use of their devices more than anything. Typically, whenever and wherever, everyone is engaged in some form of technology, cell phones in particular. From pagers, to car phones, to initial "flip-phones", and now to smart-phones, people practically use up most of their daily time with these devices. Nowadays, a lot of people doesn't even like to have phone conversations...they can deliver their entire thought through a simple text message. In some retrospect, that's a very good thing; in others, it can be extremely crucial, especially when it comes to texting and driving. Texting and driving has been the leading cause of car accidents in the recent years

It can extremely dangerous to text and drive on the road it put people in danger they are more focus on the insolent paying accident to the road increases the chance that the drive can lose the control of the venice and could cause a crash or even incident a worst case could kill other people is text and drive. Texting while driving has become the number one driving distraction for many people. Drivers need to be aware of the dangers and keep their attention on the road, not on their cell phones or other mobile devices

These advertisements are hard to watch. No driver wants to think about being responsible for a traffic accident that takes his or her own life or the lives of other motorists or pedestrians. Nevertheless, most drivers still use their cell phones while operating their vehicle. While taking a phone call is dangerous enough, the advent of text messaging made cell phones even more incompatible with driving a car. Reading or sending a text or email takes both eyes off of the road, your mind off the task of driving, and sometimes both hands off the wheel

It can be dangerous to text and drive and in the united stated have around one out ten people are killed other people off the earth from text and driving Because it's an issue of attention-and there is only minimal extra distraction when picking up or holding a phone-it doesn't really help to use a hands-free device. Merely thinking about something other than the road is enough to strain attention and increase your risk of a crash.

You should not text on your cell phone while driving because being distracted by texting is similar to driving while intoxicated. Texting on the phone while driving can cause you to react more slowly when an unexpected driving hazard emerges or perhaps to never see the hazard until it's too late for the other people in the car to not to get hunt other on the road the haved a red light to having crash car and to texting and drive.

Example : less death , better drive , less car accident .      