Dear principal,

I think that you should stick with the policy of not having a cell phone in school at all.

A good reason is because, it could take the time out of learning, phones could be going off all day, and people could possibly be cheating.

cell phones are a kids everything now these days and it takes the time out of them learning, instead of doing school work.

If you give students the chance to have a cell phone do you really think there just going to use it during learning lab or free time, no their going to be using it in all classes.

Instead of doing their work they are going to be texting on their cell phones besides doing their work.

do you really want that?

I didn't really think you did.

If you gave me that opportunity i wouldn't be focusing on my work, my head would be some where else.

another good reason is that cell phones could be going off all day without the students knowing it.

do you want to be walking down the hallways and all of a sudden you hear a thousand phones ringing?

I know i wouldn't.

As you probably already know about kids having a lot of friends and they text each other during school in the movies right? do you want that to be your school?

also you would probably be getting more complaints then you ever did if you change the cell phone policy.

Last but not least cheating with cell phones is a great way to cheat now a days. did you know that 60% of students now to this day cheat on quiz and test?

Where do you think they got they answers from?

Calculators and internet that is built into the phones.

Can you believe it? Well yeah I know for sure because, i was taking a test on Friday and this boy who sits next to me pulled out his cell phone and used his calculator that's on the phone to finish his quiz.

Still thinking about changing the cell phone policy?

Not only changing the cell phone policy bad, it's terrible.

why even think about something like that!

I just hope you don't change the policy because you would be doing harm to some people and great for less people. Think about it.

sincerely,

your best student who cares