Limiting the usage of your vehicle comes with many advantages to not only yourself but the enviornment as well. If you were to put the vehicles away and walk or bike to school or work, you would burn a lot of calories. Not only would you help yourself in that way but you would help the enviorment in many different ways. It might take more time to do stuff without a vehicle but it will help you more in the long run. There are limitless advantages to using other forms of transportation.

Walking or biking to school would take longer and it would take more of your time. But while doing this, you not only burn many calories but you get yourself in better shape. Continuesly doing this for a month or so would get you in top shape, making it easy for you to get to your location within the same amount of time as a vehicle. Doing this will help your body both mentally and physically while also giving your wallet a break on gas money. What's there not to love about getting in shape and saving money at the same time.

While saving money on gas, you would save the enviornment from the gas. Vehicles cause a lot of pollution and can even build a layer of smog over cities. These layers of smog get stuck in the air, making the area it's around warmer. The amount of pollution within the world is absurd, and if everyone were to stop using vehicles that would cut down the total pollution by a large portion. Lower air pollution is also shown to take away stress, and lowering the use of your vehicle would also get rid of the stress of other drivers.

The only negative thing about cutting down the use of vehicles would be the time it takes to get to your desired location. Riding a bike may take twenty minutes more, but think of all of the benefits in the long run. You lose twenty minutes from having to ride your bike, but you get to enjoy the experience of riding the bike and your body enjoys the benefits from riding the bike. The world is suffering from all of the pollution, and you losing twenty minutes to a simple bike ride would help the world last longer by a great amount. It may not make a big difference with one person but if everyone limits the usage of their vehicles, they could greatly help the world.

So why would  you not limit the usage of your vehicles? With all of the benefits you gain from doing so, you have no reason to not lower it. You could make a change for both your physical health and the health of the enviorment. The benefits of cutting down on the usage of your vehicles greatly outnumber the negatives. So what's more important to you, losing twenty minutes to a beautiful bike ride or polluting the enviorment and ruining the area you live in? There are no reasons to why you should not cut down on the usage of your car.                    