Boom! It's picture day and you can't decide which dress to wear! You pick out your two favorite dresses, and quickly ask your family members which one they enjoy best. Most of them agree that your pastel, lavender dress would best fit your spring pictures. When you take the pictures and get them back they look amazing! Due to the fact you asked multiple people for their opinion on your dress, you managed to get magnificent pictures. That is why I believe getting multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Doing so can help you improve on certain things like essays, help you make a difficult decision, and assist you from making bad decisions.

First of all, getting multiple opinions can help you on certain things like a math problem. Lets say the question was difficult and don't think you got the correct answer, so you ask others and see if they got a similar answer. If they don't you can see where you or maybe the other person went wrong and get a better grade! Another way it can help is letting other people read your essay. If you let multiple people read it, they might catch certain things you didn't see before. They might see things like spelling, grammar, and punctuation errors. For example, I let my father, my step-mom, and friends read the stories I write to see if I made any mistakes.

Also, if you ask multiple peoples opinions it can can help you with a difficult decision. Going back to the example in the first paragraph, you didn't know what to wear for picture day. So, you asked your family their opinions on what to wear because you couldn't decide. With asking their opinion they helped you choose and prevented you from struggling. Also, you might be choosing a new backpack because your old backpack broke, so you go out to buy a new one but can't decide which one to choose. Instead of standing there for hours you ask your friends their opinion and now you have a brand new backpack you love. A personal example is I couldn't decide what jacket to wear, so instead of sitting there for hours I messaged my friends and asked for their opinion. Their opinion made me able to go out and enjoy my day sooner than sit there debating which jacket to use.

Lastly, it can help you from making a bad decision. If you don't know what clothes to wear in cold weather, you can ask others what clothing would best suit the weather. Their opinion helped you go outside in warm clothing than walking outside in clothing that is meant for warm days in below-freezing weather. Or maybe your sick but don't think your ill enough to cancel the days plans, so you ask others for their opinion and they all agree your much to sick to go out. For example, one day I didn't feel well but thought I wasn't feeling ill enough to stay home from school, but I asked my family and they agreed I was much too ill to go because I was running a 100.1 degree fever. Due to the fact I asked their opinion I prevented the possibility of getting others sick and spreading my illness.

Seeking multiple opinions can certainly help you make a better choice. It has helped me and many others do excellent on certain things, prevented us from embarrassment, and kept us from making a bad decision. I understand sometimes it can be hard to seek others opinions and may be a little scary, but I believe it can and will help you make a better choice.