When there is a hard decision to make most people seek advice from others to get there opinion. If I ever am about to make a decision I would want peoples opinion, so I don't make a bad mistake. I think that is important to seek advice from others so you can learn from there mistake, have more ideas, and so you don't feel alone. Most people have already experienced what you have, which is why it is good to listen to them. If you ever have to need advice you should talk to somebody so they can help you get an idea of it.

People often need advice from someone they trust, but most of the time the people they trust have made mistakes too. If you listen to the mistake they have made you can fix it. You can use there advice to stop the things they did wrong. Lots of students need advice on things like which courses they should take for high school and middle school. If they ask and older sibling about which course to take in school they will know which are bad and good. If they know which courses are bad they will be able to not make the mistake their older sibling made. This why we should always at least listen to other people in case we make the same mistake as them.

Seeking for advice can also help list ideas about the advice you need. Most people only ask for advice because they are out of ideas and have no idea what to do. When you ask someone for their opinion on the decision your going to make, they will tell you everything your going to need to know. The person giving advice may have already experienced this situation and can help you make a pros and cons list. If you need advice on how to study for a test someone can help give you ideas on how to do that. Listing out ideas is a very good way to be able to see the good and bad things about the advice you need. Additionally, writing down ideas can also make sure you don't make a bad decision, because you are listing cons about the advice you need.

Many people need advice for a serious reason but feel like they will be alone. If you talk to someone it can really help. One example is, kids might want to talk about advice on how to make friends, but they feel embarrassed to talk about it. Another example is, many kids see this new trend going around school and want to do it too, but they don't want to ask their parents. They should always ask their parents first, so they can make the right decision. The student's parents would lead them into making the right decision and would list cons of that decision too. That is why seeking advice can always help. Even if students feel alone in their decision they should go to a trusted adult and make sure they are doing the right thing.

if people ever wants advice they usually ask someone for opinions on how they look, but they should also be able to ask advice on personal things to. Making big decisions on your on can lead to many bad situations. In conclusion, I think you should really seek advice from others because they can help you learn from their own mistake, list pros and cons, and help you feel like you are making the right decision. Opinions can be mean somtimes, but they will always end up helping you. For any advice you need, you should be comfortable talking about your feelings, so you don't end up making a bad decision. 