Maybe you don't realize it yet, but all the advice you receive will benefit you in some way, even if the advice given is with ill intent. Asking more than one person will in theory remove bias, as having multiple perspectives can give feedback from all sides of the equation. Some people that are asked for advice may not take it seriously and act sarcastic or patronizing toward the person in need of it. In turn, others may see this as an opportunity to manipulate you into thinking something they want you to believe, with them benefiting from that belief in some way. There are some people who have good intention and believe in you and the prospect of you being successful in whatever you may be going through. Those people set your views a little straighter, and dampen the uproar caused by others with poor intentions.

Many people just want to mess around, and have fun, while toying with you, and while they might try to convince you to believe something silly or far fetched, you almost never believe them. At least, as you grow and your mind develops, you wont. These people target younger people, as they are more susceptible to believe whatever they've been told, as they see elder beings as wiser, and further experienced, and with good reason. They will get you to believe something, then humiliate you in front of others, making you feel like an idiot. However, they don't do it with ill intention. They realize that as you grow up, you will see others like that, and, whether they are aware of it or not, they want to prepare you for what is to come. They are the ones who provide you with humility, an essential trait to live with.

Unfortunately, there are people who don't have the right idea. These people have no real intention of helping you or providing advice, but want to manipulate you and to see you fall. Once you fall, they use you as a stepping stone, and elevate themselves with your broken body. They have ill intention, perhaps to get back on another friend, family member of yours, or you. They prosper in the land of those suffering, for they are not in a similar agony. They created this pain, this blister, and are there to see it grow, and become more and more of a problem for those around you. The suffering around them brings a selfish and vile enjoyment to them. You become a weapon, a tool, and grow upon self awareness and strength. You learn to keep fighting.

Finally, there are people with real advice that they know you'll need. These people don't even have to be asked for their point of view. They give an honest opinion on what you should do, while still leaving the choice completely up to you. Nothing they tell you is with ill intent, and while what they say may make you upset, it is something they most likely want you to reflect upon. They want you to be able to live your life the way you want to. They want to witness you with confidence in all your actions, and integrity in all your mistake and faults. You aren't expected to be perfect, but they will expect you to aim for perfect. However, perfection isn't about being successful in all you do, but moreover striving for improvement.

You can't really get advice from one of these kinds of people, even the ones with good intentions. With only real and honest advice, that makes you want to do better, you end up getting ahead of yourself; being too confident can get you hurt badly. With manipulative advice, you don't know what you fight for, or what your fighting in the first place. You need humility to counter whatever may be causing this violence, and to see whatever may causing this is with ill intention, and only seeks to harm others with you. Only having humility will get you nowhere, and you will be in hiding all your life. Having all of these traits will benefit you greatly, and let you become independent in your actions. Having a healthy balance of this will create a good average and mindset of these different types of advice, and allow you to make better decisions.