02/23/2011

Dear Mrs. Principal,

As a student maim i think, maybe your idea to make students have an average of B' s only would be a good idea for students to try harder to increase they're grades, but once you think about it twice maim some students have C 's because that is all they can give. Sometimes its not because they didn't study or because they were watching television but because sometimes we get so nervous that rush through the answers or even forget everything we have been studying super hard to succeed. Like I said before I believe not everyone can have an average of B 's but a C is already a passing grade. No one is perfect we all have a couple of mistakes sometimes. Either way if you do all B 's probably the whole school may not participate in any school activity. Now that is the why we shouldn't change it. We should change it though cause it might pressure the students to get higher grades to participate in a sport. The school may also have a higher percent of students passing and less students failing... Which would help the school get a higher score at the end of the year.

I believe that either way has its up's and down's nobody's perfect and we all deserve different opportunity's at least once. If you ask me I would recommend you maim to leave it the way it is. That way you will keep students in sports instead of gangs, drugs, alcohol or other bad situations that would leave the school with a bad reputation and the students with a bad life... My advice is that we leave things the way they are and keep on pressuring the students to a successful life and a life filled with happiness and joy. That would help increase they're style of learning and being successful in what ever the student decides to be. Sports are a way to keep students on track of school and trying they're best not to get into trouble so that they may stay playing the sport without having to quit or having to give up they're sport because of grades. I hope you make a decision fast that may work out right for the school and for the students.

Thank you for your time

Sincerely

STUDENT_NAME