While most students go to public school, it isn't the most beneficial option. Students now have the option to homeschool and or online school. I believe students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because home schooling allows students to learn on their own, learn at your own pace, and home schooling can be socailly beneficial. Some people may see home schooling and online schooling as different, but some students believe this type of learning is easier for them.

Home schooling allows students to learn on their own by allowing them to understand the course completely before taking an end of course test. Teachers in public schools sometime, do not help the student learn fully because they have over a hundred kids to teach the same thing to. Working on your own lets students take their time and understand the content better, without the rush of knowing that subject so quickly. This helps students out in the long run, especially on important tests.

Online and home schooling is also socially beneficial. As a public school student, our social life can become more important than school work. As a home schooler, students do not waste their time getting involved in bad decisions. Staying out of those bad decisions allows students to get farther in life and gain new oppurtunities. For example, one of my friends graduated a year earlier because she had enough credits from online schooling, to finish high school faster. If students would rather get their classes done faster, home schooling and or online school is the way to do it.

Lastly, home schooling offers students to learn at their own pace. Learning at your own pace is another way to fully understand what you're learning. The rush of public school also sets back students from being great. Teachers expect students to learn new content and understand it within a few weeks. Online schooling is the opposite, students take their time and can also get ahead of the students in public school. For example, my friend i mentioned previously was so much smarter and understands a lot more because she took her time on her work.

In conclusion, I believe home schooling and online schooling can benefit a student more than public school. Learning is hard enough as it is and if students are able to learn at their own pace, learn on their own, and have social benefits wouldn't that make life easier? For example my mom always says, learn smarter not harder. 