Driverless cars may seem like a good idea now , but they really are not . Driverless cars could possibly be more dangerous than regular human driven cars . Or eventually grow to become more dangerous than human driven cars .

Driverless cars should not become a thing in the near future because they could malfunction , and encourage innapropriate behavior in the car .

Driverless cars should not become a thing in our near future because they could malfunction or have a technical difficulty which could lead to an injury or misunderstanding between the driver and the car manufacturer . For instance , in paragraph 9 , it says " If the technology fails and someone is injured , who is at fault-- the driver or the manufacturer ? " that quote is saying if there was to be an accident , they wouldnt know who to put the blame on ; The driver who bought the car or the manufacturer who encouraged the driver to buy the car . All of that could easily be avoided if we stick to regular human driven cars instead of driverless ones . Also , driverless cars could lead to an injury if the technology were to fail . As said in paragrpah 7 , while the driver watches the road , the car watches the driver . If the car is watching the driver instead of the road , it could lead to an accident .

Secondly , driverless cars should not become relevant in the near future because they could encourage and or lead to innapropriate behavior . For example , if a group of the wrong teenagers got a driverless car they might feel encouraged to do something they arent supposed to be doing because the car is driving for them . They would feel like they could be laid back and relaxed in the car even though they really should be paying attention to the road ahead of them . In paragrpah 7 , it says " The Google car simple announces when the driver should be prepared to take over . " and that isnt necessarily a bad thing , but if the car will tell the driver when they need to take over , the driver would be doing his or her own thing , not paying attention to the road because the car is driving for them .

Some may say that driverless cars should become popular in the near future because it is " actually a safety feauture , and safety is a big concern " ( as said in paragraph 8 ) but i would have to disagree . Its true that safety is a big concern , but having driverless cars couldnt guarantee a decrease in safety issues and i know that human driven cars arent decreasing accident rates but with human driven cars you would know for sure how the accident happened . With driverless cars you couldnt be sure if it was you or the car . Also , in paragraph 9 it says " Presently , traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times . As a result , in most states it is illegal to even test computer driven cars . " That quote is saying most states doesnt even think its safe to test the cars with a test dumby in it . And if they dont trust it enough to test the driverless cars with dumbies in it how could they trust it enough to let them take the place of human driven cars ?

In conclusion , driverless cars shouldnt become a thing in the future because they encourage innapropriate behavior and they are a safety hazard . If a teenager has a driverless car , he or she would feel as if they could be laid back because someone is driving for them and they wouldnt have to actually drive anyway until the car told them they had to . Driverless cars are also a safety hazard . Technology has malfunctions all the time . What if one of the cars were to malfunction with a baby in the backseat ? Or with anybody in the backseat for that matter . You can never fully trust technology and thats why driverless cars shouldnt become something of importance in the near future . Almost anything could go wrong . 