Dear Principal,

After reviewing the possible cell phone policies I have come to a conclusion that I support Policy 1. This policy allows students to use their cell phones for important or recreational uses that do not distract them during class time. Also with this policy they will be able to set up transportation and be able to feel secure in case of an emergency.

Policy 2 however, I feel will be ineffective and will not aide students in any way. If this policy is chosen students will most likely still bring their cell phones to school and because of the fact that they are not allowed to use them in free time they will most likely have to use them secretly during class. This will distract not only themselves but students around them. Also they may feel almost "dared" to bring their cell phones and try not to get caught.

The reason I feel that Policy 1 would be helpful is because if they are given certain periods of time when they can use them without having to face getting into trouble, the students will feel their is no need to use them during class. This will help them keep focussed during class along with others around them. Also they will be able to keep in touch and check in with their parents or guardians in case of an emergency or and important occurrence.

One of the main reasons students bring or even have cell phones today is for transportation purposes. If students are given a time during lunch or free time to use their cell phones and do this it will cut out the need to bring cell phones into the classroom or anywhere else in the school.

I believe that students will support this policy and respect the rules of it. If Policy 2 is put into play I believe students will take it lightly and not follow the rules. Also they may not feel as safe or secure in their school environment. In all, I believe that Policy 1 will help benefit not only the students but teachers as well and help the school environment become a more safe, secure, and focussed environment.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME