Hearing peoples opinions is like being in a talent show and getting judge except it could provide you with great advice. Sometimes seeking multiple opinions can hurt, but they also can help you make a better choice like if your doing something you are not suppose to be doing, their opinions can keep you safe, and it can help you stay on the right track to help you suceed.

The first reason, is someone elses opinion can keep you from doing things you are not suppose to be doing like smoking, drinking, sneaking out, or even cheating on a test. One time, my older brother PROPER_NAME was asking me if he should sneak out, but before he asked me he asked my uncle Generic_Name and of cource he said no, so then he came to me and said, "Should I sneak out tonight?" I told him no, but he did it anyway and didn't come back until my whole family called him and told him to come back home. For him to hear all of our opinions it encouraged him to come back, so because of that he never snuck out again.

Second, others opinions can keep you out of harms way. For instance, many middle school kids can easily get

persuaded in to doing things that can put them in extreme danger, but as long as you have excelent friends they can make sure you don't get hurt, Now and days kids do not care about their actions, and they don't understand that they are able to get hurt or get others hurt. That's why so many people are dying because the only opinions people care about is how they look, or how nice their clothes are meanwhile we have people that are doing stupid things and are in danger because no one really cares what others do. Everyone can always get persuaded into doing things, yet still can't get influenced to pick their life over harmful substances or choices.

Finally, your oinions can help others like your family members stay on the right path in life. For example, my mom was hanging out with the wrong group of people, so they made her try different things she never did before, and because of that she chose the wrong life style to live and it had her going in and out of jail. Since she had four kids we kind of pushed her to get her life, and decisions on the right track and it helped her. Everytime we saw her all of my siblings would give their opinions, she may have not liked what we said, but she knew it was to help her get her life together.

Therefore anything you say to someone can change their whole life around.

To sum it up, sometimes seeking multiple opinions can help you make better decisions like if you are doing something you are not suppose to be doing, their opinions can keep you safe, and it can help you stay on the right track. I feel like it is wonderful to get more than one opinion because sometimes one person's opinion can't always make you change your mind, and it is also more helpful to get more than one perspective.