Phones & Driving

In our day and time phones have become the main problem in this world. Phones have made it so easy for people to get in trouble and into wrecks. Why are phones so important that we can't even put it down while there driving? So, what can we try to do to prevent people getting distracted by their phones while driving?

Why are phones so important that we can't even put them down while driving? Well for one it is because social media, social media has impacted this world to where people think that they must be on it 24/7. This is getting to the point to where people are having to many wrecks and losing lives over their phones. Phones while driving is just another way to say an accident waiting to happen. So, let's try to not let our phones be a distraction while driving, its not worth the consequences.

What can we try to do to prevent people getting distracted by their phones while driving? The best way possible is to put your phone on silent mode, that way it will post pone all notifications until it is turned off. The second good way is to put it out of reach (glove box, trunk, etc.) that way you will have no tendency to grab it and look at for a distraction. We need to make the roads safe as possible. If you have something that is going to distract you then you are putting yourself in danger and most importantly other drivers around you. Lets just put them away while driving it will not kill you to leave it alone until you have reached your destination.

I think drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while driving. I have given you a lot of ways to why I think it shouldn't. Most states have already made the law to where if they see you with it in your hands they are going to give you a ticket. I just don't understand why people would want to put their life and others in danger just because they are phones addicts. So, try not to be to inconsiderate people. That is what I think about driving with phones, I would love to hear your side of the story.                                                                                                                        