When people ask for advice, they ask multiple people including adults, parents,and friends. I believe when someone asks me for advice I will be honest with them,even if the person would have to make a tough decision .

I think if you ask more than one person for advice,it will help you look at everyone's perspective and opinions.

Then you would know who's advive your going to follow. In life people are going to give you bad advice,but you need to think what is the good decision,and would you regret something you did and be living with it for the rest of your life.

I believe asking advice to more than one person,would be really helpful because your getting everyone's opinions and will make do what you think is right. I know if you ask for advice to your parents,and other adults they will help you no matter how bad the situation is, or your trying to do something that is right but at the same time thinking you could be making a mistake. Asking more than one person for advice will help you become stronger,because if people really want to help you they will give you the best advice ,and you will find the strength to do the best choice.

I have leaned asking more than one person for advice is super important even if it was the toughest decision to choose. For example it was a normal day at Generic_School. I was in the bathroom during 4th period and found a pair of airpods laying next to the bathroom sink. I decided to take them and when I got home and showed my parents, they told me I should return them back where i found them. My parents, frieinds gave me the best advice, they said " if you steal something you will get karma back" and they also said "imagine how the person must be feeling that they lost thier airpods" I took both of their advice and made the best decision and turn them to the office.

I know from experiance asking more than one person for adivce is the best thing you can do, because you learn from the decisions you make and try to do the right choice. Asking more than one person for advice is the best soultion, but sometimes people won't really help you or give you the best advice , although if you ask more people i'm sure they will give you the best advice.

Also asking more than one person for advice will help you make a better choice. For example, if your are stuck trying to lose a toxic friend but you don't know how to tell she/her, you ask more than one person for advice and one of them will tell you if your making the best choice , then you will be honest with your toxic friend and say you don't want to be their freind anymore and you will be making the right decision beause toxic friends can be a bad influence and take you to the wrong path.

In conclusion,asking more than one person for advice can always help someone make a better choice. People will give you bad advice and you need to be sure to ask another person for advice and they will tell you the truth, and if they don't give you good advice you could always ask other people and I know someone would want you making the right decision. Advice is the best thing anyone can tell you espicially if its an adult, because they have already past through tough decisions they had make even if it was hard to make good choices. Parents would be the best for asking advice because they only want you to have a good life and a happy career. I know my parents are always telling me adivice even if i don't want to hear, but I know one day I'm going to need it when I grow up and go to college. 