Students should do what they love and not be forced to do extracurricular activity. Students have a lot to do after school, like babysitting, sports, chores and homework. If we say that students have to do an extracurricular activity, they would be slammed. Students would have no time for a social life. I'm going to give you reasons why students should not have to do extracurricular activities.

It would take away homework time. Schools and teachers do not let students have time in class to work on homework. Also everyone has four academic classes. On some nights homework could take up two hours or more. Students would not have time to get work done and then they could start failing classes.

It could make students sad and upset, and even maybe rebel. If students don't want to do something, they just quit. So if we make students do something they dislike they'll stop trying. It also may have students dislike school even more and start to not come, and get bad grades. Which would make the school students records look bad.

Someone might say that, it will allow students to make new friends. Making new friends is always a good idea. But what if those student were planing on seeing their friends. They wouldn't be able to because they had to do these extracurricular activities. Also their friends might not be in the same activity as them. Another argument would be that it would help students stop being so lazy. We have no idea of what their home life is like. What if after school they were supposes to watch their siblings. Or maybe was supposes to clean the house and do chores. It would take time out from helping their parents to do something the kid doesn't even want to do.

After all the reasoning, students should not be forced to do something that they will not enjoy. From my own experience, I do not have time for these extracurricular activities. I already do a sport, my teachers give out homework, and sometimes I have to look after my younger brother. Students should be students. If teachers and staff want to make school fun for us than we should get to choose if we do extracurricular activities.                             