I believe that this would be very valuable in classrooms because using this in more classrooms would be more active and enthusiastic. This would be very benificial to every classroom becuase the technology would make kids more engaged with the class and if the technology really can help then why stop it. The reason this would be good is because it states i paragraph 6 that "A class room computer could reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored", Dr huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." This could possibly make kids want to contineau to college and so forth and even allow more oppertunities for later learning technology.

This technology would be helpful to teachers because they wouldnt have to try as hard to keep everybody focused and mind driven. This could help because in paragraph 6 sentence 7 that "the same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive- for video games or video surgery. This would help drastically for video surgery because the computer would sence that your nervous and not ready to do the video surgery. I believe this is a good way to test a medical student because you would be able to see if they are nervous or totally calm with wha they are doing.

This could go beyond school and help even help painters get that perfect face but maybe they dont know what emotions they want to portray in the picture. This would help painters because they could see what kind of emotion the person they are trying to draw has and could possibly show them what percent of emotion they have in there face. This would be benificial because not only for painters and such but even for the public such as public news paper because sometimes there is unthought out things such as emotional times for good or for worse.

There is just one problem that could come up in the future of having this technology. In paragraph 1 sentence 1 it states out "She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful and 2 percent angry." Technology could not be this percise and acurate to say the EXACT number of ehat emotion your feeling. Some people just have a mean look on there face, and some have a face of always happy. Ather than that there probably wouldnt be any other problems because technology would be getting better by the year.

In conclusion i truly believe that this could take schools and other buisnesses a long way with the technology that is being told to us today. Other than the unexact percent number this will be will be a base emotion cauculation for schools, painters, and maybe for the public.    