It is well known that various classes assign summer homework to students to ensure that learning takes place over the course of their break. However, it has been debated whether it is more beneficial for either students or teachers to design these summer projects. Although students can design these assignments to cater to their differing schedules on a more personal level, teachers are more qualified to design these projects. Students lack the maturity and education level that is needed to create an assignment that brings forth the most successful results, whereas teachers have the capability of designing projects to meet the standards needed to pass that specific class.

To become a teacher, one must pursue a higher education and obtain a valid degree. Teachers are essentially trained to create thought provoking assignments that challenge students just enough to elicit the most successful results. If the assignment is too difficult, then students would not be able to complete it. If the assignment is too easy, then students wouldn't be learning. As a teenager myself, I know that neither I or my peers have received any type of training in how to effectively teach someone. Teachers, on the other hand, are more knowledgeable in what are the most efficient manners in helping someone learn information. Because of this, they are more credible in creating assignments that will be beneficial to students and ensure that learning takes place over summer.

It is a well known fact that teenagers brains are not fully developed yet, which explains why they are known to make impulsive, sometimes detrimental, decisions. Their behavior is unreliable, and as a result, they are prohibited from doing certain activities until they reach a certain age, such as driving or drinking. They simply lack maturity compared to adults.

With this lack of maturity, students are more likely to abuse this opportunity and "take the easy way out" when designing their assignments. As a result, they won't design a project that is beneficial to their learning, which in turn defeats the whole purpose of summer assignments. In this sense, teachers are more reliable then students since they are more mature , and are able to design an assignment that makes sure learning takes place over the summer.

Typically, students are not as well informed on these various given subjects compared to teachers. As mentioned earlier, teachers receive a higher education to become more knowledgeable on the material they teach. They can spend years mastering their subject to become qualified enough to help others learn the particular material they studied. Students on the other hand don't have nearly as much experience in these given subjects. With this lack of education, it's difficult for children to create a summer project that covers everything they should review over the summer. How will they be able to design their project when they aren't efficiently informed on what the course is? Teachers provide more knowledge and experience needed to design the most beneficial project that will help their students, and therefore, should be the people in charge of creating these assignments.

All in all, teachers are simply more qualified to design summer homework assignments compared to students. They are more knowledgeable on the subject they are teaching, they are better informed in the best methods to help someone learn, and they know how to create an assignments that elicits successful learning. To have teachers design these assignments is more beneficial to making sure students learn over the summer, which in the end, is the goal of summer homework.  