Dear TEACHER_NAME,

DIIIINNNGGGGGGGGG! the school bell just rung and I got my report card and I have all C' s. Maybe if I have more B 's and less C 's

I can participate in school activities and sports. I think that students with a C

average should not participate in school activities because if the B students have to work hard for there grade so does the C students.. For the ones that do work hard should be rewarded. I will give three specific reasons why I think that students with a B grade average should participate in activities.

One reason I think that students with a B grade average should participate in school activities are because they should get some kind of fun at school for doing all that hard work they had to do just to past. Students with averages like that could go far. Most schools offer a lot of scholarships to go different places. I believe that having a B grade average is good but having an A grade average is better.

Another reason why students with a B grade average should participate in school activities are because they should not have to suffer with the C students that cause the B students not to do anything. I personally think that what the principal is doing is good because if he/she comes out with a policy like that then that will get the C students motivated to do better.

My last reason I think that students with a B grade average should participate in school activities are because sometimes you should be rewarded for the good work that have been done. I feel that its not any reason why a students should. I say this because if the teacher is giving you the notes and all you have to do is study them to do good on your test and other activities, these C students shouldn't do not a thing. My parents don't allow C even though I have made them a couple of times. I don't like C' s because if i got all B's on my report card then i know i could have did better with that C I had.

To conclude my letter those are my three specific reasons why students should not participate in school activities if they have a C average. Now that comes from my point of view of what I think about the situation but its not my decision because I don't run anything but my myself and my brain. I hope you have enjoyed my letter so far. Thanks for taking the time out to read this.

Sincerely STUDENT_NAME      