The Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions. Some people say that we should have facial recognition in the computers in schools so that if the student looks bored or confused, the computer will change it up a little bit for their liking. It will also be able to help teachers know when a student needs assistance or needs a more energizing lesson. Using this technology in classrooms is valuable because it will help teachers change their actions and might help the student become more engaged.

Schools all over the world would really benefit from the Facial Action Coding System. By using this, there could be a possibility of more engaged students and finally result in higher test scores. Dr. Huang says,"A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." Not only will teachers result from this, but students will as well. Just by using the computer system, we will be able to tell how a student is feeling in that classroom or during a certain lesson. If we could see the facial expression, be able to figure out why, and change something to fix it, that would be very effective in the school setting.

Although this would be really great, many people could say that not all students have the same feelings about things so if a teacher changed his or her lesson based on one student, then some of the other students might not be as engaged or delighted. It wouldn't be right to do something based on one student rather than twenty-five. If a few students are very engaged in this lesson and they are paying attention and getting something out of it but other students are confused, if the teacher decides to make a change for the confused students, the students that were engaged in the lesson may become unengaged or bored. That would be the downfall of using this sort of technology.

A very appropriate setting for the Facial Action Coding System would be online schooling and home schooling because both of those are mainly based on the one student taking that course or class. If the camera on the computer sent a signal to the online schooler or home schooler, it would be easy to make a change in the lesson to try and get the student more engaged. Having a student pay more attention and be more engaged in a lesson could actually help raise test scores because if someone was doing something that was actually fun and they could actually retain the knowledge, it might be effective.

Using the Facial Action Coding system in classrooms is valuable and effective. It will help students become more engaged and pay more attention. It will also help raise test scores at least partially because they will be able to remember what they learned when it was something that they liked. While some might have contradictory thoughts, it is mostly a valuable piece of technology that should be used in many schools across the world.   