The Automobile Industry has done nothing but grow since World War II. The Car has begun to implement itself into our culture, becoming a part of sporting events, TV shows, and even video games. Recently, however, the automobile industry has been experiencing a shift in interest. Countries around the world are implementing "Car Free Days," or even car-free cities into their laws and cultures. The new laws and ideas are seen by some as irrelevant, or pointless, and some have even resisted these laws. While car lovers and enthusiasts may not enjoy the laws very much, when implemented on their daily lives, studies have shown that the new ideas are extremely important, maybe even revolutionary.

The car free environment begins in the German suburbia, where residents of a large community called Vauban live their daily lives Car-Free. Vauban is free of street parking and driveways, and full of cyclists, skateboarders, roller bladers, and any other emmision free means of transportation you can imagine. Because of this, nearly 3 out of 4 families in Vauban do not own cars. "When I had a car, I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter, mother of 2 and resident of Vauban, Germany, mentioned in source 1. Car owners in Vauban park the vehicles in garages at the edge of town, to make commutes to nearby developments. Car free cities like Vauban are believed to be the next step to a greener, better world.

More efforts like Vauban are being made in large cities like Paris, France and Bogota, Columbia. According to source 2, Paris recently enforced a law to reduce emmisions, where even number plated cars may drive on Monday, and odd number plated cars my drive on Tuesday, and so on. The laws soon proved ineffective after a short time, for Paris to recind them. Paris, being one of the most polluted European cities, will certainly be making more efforts against pollution. An improvement campaign in Bogota, Columbia calls for one whole day without cars, according to source 3. Citizens are urged to take other means of transportation, like bikes or busses. Violators faced a $25 fine. The dark gray rainclouds didn't stop the citizens of Bogota from taking away stress and air pollution. This year, for the first time, two other cities, Cali and Valledupar, joined Bogota in the event. Cities around the world like Paris and Bogota are making efforts to reduce air pollution and leading better lives in cleaner cities.

Driving in America hit it's peak in 2005, when the number of miles driven in relationship to population was largest, according to source 4. Since then, the stats have dropped steadily, now sitting 9% below what it was in 1995. Many sociologists believe that the biggest decrease in milage is shown in young people between 16 and 39. Studies show that driving by these people decreased 23% between 2001 and 2009. Many experts now believe that America's car culture has hit its peak, and is now on the decline.

There are many advantages of limiting car usage. The people of Bogota, Vauban, and Paris know that in most cases, cars cause stress, and that even a day without it can refresh your mind. The citizens of Vauban, who do not use cars in their daily lives, are living comfortably, and happily, without producing carbon emmisions into the environment. Even Americans are jumping on the band wagon, where young people are now using cars only when public transport is unavailable. Cars make moving easy, there is no doubt in that. But can the emmisions of the vehicles be avoided, without sacrificing the quality of our daily life? According to Vauban, Bogota, and Paris, it can be done, and it will be done.         