Generic_Name

March, 9, 2020

Distance Learning

Distance learning is a way for students to take classes at home online. There are many benefits for having this option for students. There are many benefits can help from not being overwhelmed, students can go at there own pace, can do other responsibly. For example regular school that you attend in person for some people can be too over whelming, they can still get a education but in a more conferrable environment. In relation to that students can take theyre time and not feel like they are being rushed, and being left behind. Students can go in there own pace whether that being fast or slow they can take there time so they dont rush, and actually learn the content. Lastly school takes up a lot of hours in the day, and some students have other responsibly and, or jobs they have to do. They might have to help out there family with various thing, or having enough money to be able to leave the house when they come of age. Distance learning weather being online or video chat can, be very beneficial and help relieve stress in students.

School of any kind can be overwhelming for some people, like the work load or the time given to gets things done. Some students can get over stimulated and overwhelmed in a regular school environment weather it being people , smells, or noise. Online school can help benefit these students by being in a more comfy, relaxing, or well known environment can can over all preform better. Some might say that these thing are good and will help prepare for life. In some cases this could be the case, but more than likely there are many jobs and options that don't overwhelm or over stimulate place. So distance or online school can greatly impact students to do better, because they are not in a environment that will over stimulate them, and in turn being able to learn better.

School that you have to go to in person has a lot of deadlines whether that be a project or homework. With online school or distance learning you would still have deadlines , yes , but you can go the speed most constable with you that either being fast or school. For some students when they feel rushed or is out of time to do a task, this can lead to sloppy, rushed, messy work. If students are not given enough time to complete a assignment or task they just might not get the work done or turn something in sloppy, half finished just too get a grade. With distance learning students can go the speed that they need to go that is better suited with them, and over all produce better work.

For many students, school is the not the only thing they have to do they might have a job, responsibly at home, or personal stuff to take care of. With distance learning it has more flexible schedule and being able to get more done in a day. Some might say that school comes first before anything else but for some this is not the case , many might be able to come have other responsibly that are more important than school and other things. Being able to do online school students can basically do it any where as long as they have WIFI, so this would free up time for students to do the other tasks they need to do. In person school can take up a lot of hours in the day where some might have to look after there family or get a job to earn money to move out. Online school can work better for some people because of there flexible schedule, but still getting a education while taking care of there needs.

Online school or distance learning can be very beneficial for the students who need it. It should be a option if students if they need it, because you never know a persons situation. The benefits of not being overwhelmed , students going at there own pace, and taking care of other responsibly. Having this as a option in our school will help student who ever wants it. There will still be regular, in person school if that works better with them, then do that. Having more options on how students learn can greatly help, not every one learns the same way so having options in important.