Nowadays, pedestrians mostly travel by automobiles. It could be a car, a bus, or even a plane. But there is always a way to get from one place to another. What if this way of traveling wasn't right for this planet? After all, vehicles can cause global warming. Which isn't a good thing, It can make alot of things go wrong. But if we know this, why do we still carry on with our daily lives to drive vehicles that is a danger to our world.

Vauban, A city in Germany, Is a place for people who dont appreciate this cause. Vauban is a "car-free" city which houses five thousand fivehundred and fifity-five residents. The city itself was finish being built in 2006. Basically, its a city to separate suburban life from auto use. This movement is called "smart planning". The stores are closer to the towns where people live in, but more like being walking distance.

Paris once had suffered for a few days because of the cause of pollution. The troops stationed there had enforced a partial law to ban driving, to clear the air of the global city. On a Monday, each motorists with even-numbered license plates were given two options. To leave their cars at home or suffer a twenty-two euro fine. This rule was also appointed to the odd-numbered plates the following day. Arond four thousand drivers were fined, and their vehicles were impounded. They say that Diesel fuel was to blame. The colder nights and warmer days had caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. France has a policy that favors diesel over gasoline.

In Bogota, Columbia, There is a program that has been set up to spread out to other countries. The program is where citizens of their own country ( Or where they currently live), decide to find other means of travel instead driving their own vehicle to work. They could hike, ride a bike, or skate to work during this "Day Without Cars". This is the third year in a row that they have perfomed this task, with the acception for taking buses or taxi's if needed be. The goal of this program is to promote an alternative transportation and to reduce smog. People who violate this program are fined with twenty-five dollars.

Hence, Not everyone says or thinks that taking a walk instead of driving is a bad idea. A few countries accept it and so do small towns in bigger continents, who would rather drive than ride. Overall, this is helping us out in many ways. Global warming has been getting worse in the past few days. But if everyone could quit driving their vehicles every now and then. It would lower the pollution in the air that we have caused.    