No matter what, everyone will have differnet opinions and views on certain situations. Whether it's about what color a dress is, or who should be president, all views are different. When getting advice it is important to see things from all point of views. Listening to multiple peoples advice is very benificial when it comes to desicion making.

Because of every varied opinion there is never just one option. Having more than one choice can help deduce, and choose an opinion that will benifit you the most. An example would be a friend giving you advice to take a shortcut that they discovered to get to school quicker. Another friend tells you that the shortcut is dangerous and that it's not worth it. Two opposing opinions gives you different chances. Say you don't take the shortcut and it takes you longer to get to school. The next day you can try the shortcut to see if its worth it. If it is then you can take the shortcut from then on, if not you take the normal way to school. If one goes wrong you can always try the other.

No one's perfect and sometimes people give bad advice. Having anothers opinion to compare to the someone else's questionable advice to helps you make a better choice. Maybe you break your relatives special vase so you go to a friend for advice. Your friend might tell you to lie about the vase. Another friend tells you to tell the truth. Having those two contrasting opinions helps you to realize that one might be better than the other.

There is no rule that tells you that you only have to follow a singular person's advice. Only yourself knows you the best, but that doesn't mean there is anything wrong with seeking guidance from others. Someone might tell you to add more vegtables into your diet. Someone else might say to add more fruits to your diet. You don't have to do one or the other, creating a compromise between the two opinions can help you create something that will help you, indvidualy, the most.

In conclusion there is many benefits to getting multiple people's opinions. Every point of view is different. Every person you ask advice from are most likely basing their advice on their own past expiernces. Every expierience differs from one person to another. Making every opinion and view completly unique. Seeing all those diffferent opinions helps you make a choice most beneficial to yourself.