Are you confused, angry, or sad? What if a computer could help you understand more to take away your confusion. Technology has been advancing little by little and we are at the point in time where a computer is now able to read your face and emotions. Two professers have been working hard to create a new software that can recognize emotions. They are developing better ways for humans and computers to communicate.

The use of technology in the classroom is huge. Most students are now learning lessons planned by their techers' via laptops and etc. Sometimes students struggle to comprehend their teahcer's lessons and tend to be confused because of the way they are taught. Every student learns a different way and sometimes the teacher runs out of options to help the student understand. Now, computers have a different mind. They are more "intelligent" than humans. They can program different things for different people. This new software could be very valubale in a classroom because it can help explain things in ways that a teacher can't and will be able to adjust to the students comprehension.

Math can be a very stressful and difficult subject to comprehend. Sometimes teachers cant explain how to solve an equation easily which is how computers could help do those things. If you're reading through your teachers lesson and see his/her explanation on how to solve but you don't quite understand it, you tend to make a face of confusion. The computer may read that and see that you are having difficulty understanding the issue and may make the work easier for you to understand.

Last but not least, some student's tend to get frustrated or annoyed and decide to give up. A student giving up is not a good thing because they then don't learn what they were meant to learn. The computer may notice that a child is getting annoyed or upset and can find a different more fun and entertaining way to help the student. Just a simple change in the form of the lesson may give a student motivation to learn instead of quitting and giving up. Sometimes all a student needs is for something to be adjusted to their understanding and level.

This software created by two professers could be very valuable in a classroom. There are many benefits it could bring but there are some problems it could cause as well. Overall, this software will have a positive effect to help a child know they can be helped to understand what they dont. It could produce a new learning enviornment to the students comprehension and many test grades and etc could improve. 