I agree that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Participating in an extracurricular activity could help students build their teamwork skills. Depending on which extracurricular activity students participate in, it could help strengthen some of their teamwork skills and their ability to work with others. It could also help some shy students become more social and help them want to work with others and participate in different activities. Say someone who really didn't like working with other people, and only liked to do things by himself, joined the soccer team. When they would play practice games he would never pass to anyone, he kept the ball to himself, even when a few of his teammates were wide open, he never passed to them because he wanted to make the goal himself. However, every time he tried to make a goal alone, he always failed, and soon he learned that he would never make a goal by keeping the ball all to himself. He learned that in order to win, he must pass the ball and work with his teammates, passing the ball back and forth. He learned that the only way to win was through teamwork, had he not joined the soccer team, it would have taken him a while to learn that sometimes it's best to work with people, and joining that soccer team helped him build up his teamwork skills. Having students participate in an extracurricular activity will help strengthen their teamwork skill and help some people figure out what they like, what they don't like, and lean how to be more comfortable around people.

Students can figure out what they're into, what they like to do and what they don't like to do. When students participate in different activities they figure out that they might like soccer and pottery, but hate drawing and writing. They get to figure out what they enjoy and what they don't enjoy, and some may like doing something so much that they might what to do it as a job later in life when they're older. In 5th grade I joined orchestra because I wanted to try something new. I chose to play the cello because I had heard people playing their cello's a while ago, but I remembered how beautiful it sounded. Also because I had seen a movie then about this girl who played the cello and she played beautiful pieces and wanted to play the cello as her career. It was an amazing movie and after watching it I could not get it out of my head. So that's when I decided i wanted play the cello. The first year playing the cello was pretty difficult because I did not know how to read the music and my teacher at my elemetry school was not really teaching me how to read the notes, but I was not really trying to either so that made it pretty difficult. The second year was a little better but still pretty bad because I still had not learned how to properly read the music. I had the same music teacher as last year and she still did not teach me how to read the notes or what they were called, but then again, just like last year, I was not really trying either. I would recognize some of the notes but still had no idea what they were called. So in those two years i basically learned how to play the cello, but not how to read what I played. Coming into middle school, I did not think I would continue to play the cello, considering my experience from the 2 years before, but I did choose to continue playing the cello going into middle school. That's where I met my new orchestra teachers and they taught me how to read the music. It took sometime but know I can read music sheets perfectly fine and I continued to play the cello into 8th grade as well. I tried something new, and the first 2 years were not the best, but towards the end, I ended loving to play the cello, even if Im not the best at it. Growing up kids find out what they enjoy and what they dislike, and that shapes how they see things and their personality. Including figuring what they want to do in the future, by figuring out what they enjoy doing, and avoiding the things they don't enjoy doing or being apart of, while having fun.

Students can have fun while participating in extracurricular activities and enjoy themselves. Students can have fun with they're friends while participating in different activities and might get to do cool projects and experiments, depending on what activity they participate in. Whichever one students decide to participate in, they'll have fun with the people who are in that activity as well while still participating and doing what they're told by the teacher in charge of that activity. In orchestra we play a lot of different music for different concerts and also just as warm ups. Almost everyone has a stand partner, unless someone has their own stand. You might need to talk to your stand partner and sometimes you become friends with them. Though it does not seem like it, you can make a lot of friends in orchestra, even if you play a different instrument or sit across the room from each other. There are times where we have to be serious, like preparing for a concert or during a concert, but before we can talk to each other, practice together, or just talk sometimes. One time before a concert, my best friends sat next to me and we started playing pieces together, even thought we don't play the same instrument. We have fun with our friends and we enjoy playing together, even if we mess up a lot, it is still fun. Students get to enjoy themselves and have fun while still doing the work that they must do for that activity and get to figure out what they like doing and what they dislike, also while being with their friends.

All students should participate in extracurricular activities because participating them can help students in so many ways. They can teach students what they like and what they dislike and learn different things depending on which activity you're apart of. Students also get to have fun and spend time with their friends while also working and participating with the activity.