Receiving advice from others is like sitting in a hot tub; it is relaxing. When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices, for one can find whose advice works best, use the other advice in the future, and share the advice they've learned with others.

To begin with, seeking multiple opinions can help someone find whose advice works best for them. For example, if someone has a problem with a co-worker at work, asking multiple people for advice would benefit that person by giving him or her multiple options on how to deal with the problem with the co-worker, or if someone just broke up with his or her lover, seeking multiple advice on how to deal with the break up would give him or her multiple options on how to deal with that break up.

Further more, receiving multiple peoples advice can also benefit someone by allowing them to remember the advice they were told in the past, and use it in the future. If a person has a similar problem to the one they had in the past, the advice they were told in the past would benefit that person by allowing him or her to overcome the problem like they did in the past.

Finally asking multiple people for advice allows a person to pass all the advice they were told down to the next generation of his or her family. Passing all the advice someone learned down to his or her children would help that persons children allot. Examples of that happening is if someones child went camping in the future and he or she gets lost, the advice his or her parents told him or her on what to do if they get lost camping would help them get out of that situation easily.

As you can see, there are many more reasons why seeking more than one persons advice can be so beneficial, but some people might not agree with seeking multiple peoples advice because it might confuse them, or just have them put more stress on themselves with having to pick whose advice works best, but more opinions is the best way to go.