Driverless cars can be undeniably dangerous, but they have the ability to be safe as well.

With the developement of autonomous vehicles there are less drunk driving accidents and less reckless driving accidents.

With more and more teenagers learning to drive and getting their license the number of reckless driving accidents from teens have skyrocketed over the last five years.

As well as the increased risk of drunk drivers, which is always a problem but even with those risks taken care of; the car itself has some serious safety issues and economic issues.

With the American economy always fluctuating from good to bad this new developement could end up causing a huge disadvantage in some of our lower class citizen workers.

"...a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public-transport taxi system"(1).

However with that in mind the ammount of low income jobs, such as the taxi drivers, would end up erraticated would be to large to count and more americans could quite possibly fall below the poverty line once again.

Also the article states that right now there is no such thing as a driverless car but a driver assitence car.

These cars can drive by themselves 90% of the time, except in special circumstances like road construction and accidents.

With cars like this they still require an aware driver at all times and the car needs a way a communicating with the driver when to take over.

"GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in daanger of backing into an object.

Other options under consideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other heads-up displays"(7).

However with these warning systems in place they should help the driver but instead these warnings could scare the driver.

What if a drunk man was in the drivers seat because his car can drive on its own so he believed it was safe, but he is told to take over by his vibrating chair.

WIth that man not being in his right state of mind in a special situation, such as a cinstruction zone or accident where you are suppose to be extra careful can cause more harm then good.

Finally there is the problem of eventually if there is an accident with a driverless car because the systems failed, who would be at fault the passenger in the car or the manufacturers.

That is the question everyone is asking for when these autonomous cars are used in our everyday lives.

Now autonomous cars have both their advantages and their disadvantages but they are the future wether we like it or not.

The future is full of improvement adn failures; and however this one comes out, and improvement or failure, it is still being aimed for to improve our future.

The autonomous car is ineveitable for our future, however don't be afraid but instead be prepared for the outcome whether it be good or bad.