Dear state senator,

The Electoral College has been around since the Constitution of the United States of America was composed. Is it outdated? Probaly, however just because something is old does not mean that is doesn't work anymore. Why should be get rid of the electoral college? It is still working, and it is very effiecient at what it does. We must keep the Electoral college to keep the voting for the presidency under control.

The Electoral College is made up of 538 electors, so that means you need at least 270 electoral votes to win the Presidency. However, there is a very small chance that a tie will occur. In source two the author states that if there was a tie in the electoral votes, the election of the President would turn to the House of Representatives, and the Senate would vote for the vice-president. Each delegate would get one vote, so the state of Rhode Island would have just as much say as the state of Florida.

Since the popular vote does not decide the presidency, it is very possible that the electoral vote doesn't side with the popular majority vote. However that is very rare, and only happens maybe once a century. In source three the author stated that in 2000, when Gore had more popular votes than George Bush, it was the first time since 1888 that the electoral college didn't side with the popular vote. It is very possible, but very unlikely.

There is no one region that has more electoral votes than the other, so no one region is suprieor to the rest of the regions. The candidates are required to travel to other regions, so all regions can see what the candidates campaign is, and see who the electors will be voting for.

If we did get rid of the Electoral college, there will be consequences. For example, in source three the author stated that only half of the population eligible to vote will even vote. Some people vote because they believe that they are the people who decide the presidency. The electors are people who want to express a political view point, than just vote just for the sake of voting.

Mr state senator, as you can see we must keep the Electoral college rather than switch to a popular vote for presidency. The Electoral College was created to last forever, and so far it is doing just that. If we get rid of the Electoral College, we will regret it.                                                                                     