I have always been the friend of the friend group that everyone always asks for advice. I was so confused at first as to why? Half of these situations or problems they would bring to me, they would be problems that I have never experienced. For example, they would always ask me for relationship advice or what do when you're mad at your parents. I have never been in either of those situations. To be honest I would even ask my parents sometimes for help on what advice to give. This lead me to believe that asking for advice leads a chain reaction of asking others. Asking for advice from multiple people is very helpful so you can have more than just one view of the situation you are in. This has always helped me personally and also lead me to a better chance of helping my friends.

Asking multiple of people for advice can be hard sometimes. This can lead to hearing things you dont want to hear but you just have to be open minded. There are many perks of asking more than one person for help. It could help you understand your problem from many different views. For example, when they are giving you advice they can explain to you how the situation you are in and how it can effect you and others. This is helpful because sometimes we as people only think of only ourselves and not others. Asking multiple people can also be helpful because everyone thinks differently so you can have an array of solutions to your problem that you may have never even thought of.

Sometimes you just have to wonder why you are seeking advice from multiple people. The main thing that I have found that leads me to asking advice from multiple people is that they are all people I trust. I know they wont steer me wrong. Lets say you hear about the new burger place in town. You usually would go and ask for multiple peoples opinions that you trust, so you can find out if it is worth it or not and then base your decision off of that. Which also leads me to my second reason as to why we ask others. Usually someone that has some sort of experience is key. This leads us to know and trust their advice because they have been through it too.

Lastly sometimes actually taking the advice can be even harder than receiving it. Even though you may not like what you heard. If it's best sometimes you just have to do it no matter how hard it is. Taking multiple peoples advice and using can also leave you with a feeling of disappointment in yourself if you were in the wrong. Sometimes it's just better to take the other peoples advice then to hear the famous words "I was right".

In conclusion not one person thinks,acts,or even breathes the same. Every one has a story, and every ones stories are like a road they have bumps,cracks, and curves. This leads all of us to have our own lessons and morals. So getting others advice is always important to take seriously because it could have also been part of their past as well. Asking others for advice can also leave you with a trusting relationship and a new understanding. Yes I do believe that asking multiple people for advice can lead to a better decision and also lead to a better understanding.             