Ever wondered how the world would be if driving a vehicle was banned? . It could clear the air pollution,decrease of lost revenue,rush hour traffic as well.

To begin with , many people in the U.S use automobiles to traffle along to their destanations. Source 1 states that from Chicago tio Shanghai is a huge impediment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from taolpopes and that passengeers are 12% of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and also much higher in different areas in the U.S.

In Paris,residents were enforced a partial driving ban to clear up the air of the global city. Congestion was down 60% in France due to The Smog in Beijing,China. Reuters say that diesel fuel is the cause since France has a tax policy with the diesel fuel , causing Paris to still overall have the most smog then in European capitals. With the affect of lost revenue companies made complaints because they couldn't maintain their business with out it .During the Car-free day in Bogota a businessman by the name of Carlos Arturo Plaza stated ''It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution".

Due to the day without a car made many changes within the community causing parks and sports centers to grow within the city , not having a car caused rush hour to cut traffic down dramatically , and for new restaurants and shopping to increase. Many people with a family and kids would be getting out more to walk , bike ,ride their skateboards to get from one place to another at their own pace. The percentage of miles driving per person was 9 since driving was banned. The rate of house ownership came down and so did car ownership. As well as the percentage of young adults through 16 and older doesnt even own a license because mostly older people are likely to retain their licenses due to their prime age. With the study that driving by young people decreased 23%.

Now, how would not having a car be helpful? It would have many advantages in the world nationwide by keeping the air polltion down , the percentage of gas fuel being used , the amount of time you would have't to sit at a red light due to the afternoon traffic , and even if you wanted to get to go to various resteraunts and stores you could go on foot. Even better , Bill Ford made a plan to create cities in which pedestrain,bicycles and public transportation are woven into a connected network to save time,improve saftey and conserve resources.                         