Cars are a huge advantage in traveling. They can get people to places faster than a single horse could; and their a lot safer than riding on a horse. While there are positive advantages to these moble transportations, there are also negative portions that cars have. You may be awfully suprised what these transports can do outside their good nature. For instance, cars run on fossil fuel, which is a artifical gas that ruins the enviorment as much as people cutting down trees and smoke coming out of nuclear plants that do damage to the clouds in the sky. Cars don't just hurt the enviorment, they hurt innocent lives as well. Let me pull out an example: Person A and Person C are driving on the interstate when Person B spills out too much fossil fuel from the exaust pipe of his car. This causes both Person A & C to spin out of control and crash into each other because they couldn't see the road very well because of Person B. This isn't the only threat cars can pull into, but I'll get to that later. With all these bad occurances that happen people have been wondering, "how can we save both lives and the enviorment from the issues of cars at the same time"? There is a way to do just that: limiting car usage.

Like I said before, cars can have a lot of negative issues in their state of mind. Some examples are foggy weather, over usage of fossil fuel, speeding, texting and driving, drunk driving and many more that exist that I cannot mention. Because of these issues, cities like Vauban Germany, Paris France and Bogota Colombia have banned(well not really banned but you get what i mean) driving cars due to the bad issues cars can/have caused. In the US, the presentage of people driving cars has decreased a lot over the past few years (the story doesn't say what persentage). As much as I hate them doing that, they actually have a reason. In this case of fellow citizens, car usage should be banned for various reasons. I won't be telling all the reasons because that would take a long time to do so.

Reason #1: Drunk driving. Have you ever known someone or heard about an incident were a person is drunk inside a car and crashes into any random source they don't see coming? Well, let us face the facts: drunk people should not drive. If someone is drunk at a bar and is feeling funny, they should either walk home or get someone to pick them up. Drunk people who drive have a great chance at getting someone hurt of themselves hurt because of their stupid attitude. The person shouldn't drive again until they are fully consious again. Reason #2: Extreme weather. When people drive in extreme, they are risking their lives in a greater persentage than a zombie apocolypse, terrorists invading any country and being attacked by people who try to kill you. Extreme weather like thunderstorms, hail and strong fog are too dangerous for people to drive in. If you drive in that type of weather, there is a 90% chance you will not make it out without injuries. People need to wait for the weather to either calm down or stop completely(I just wait until it stops completely so that it wouldn't get worse as it calms down). This will help them prevent them or anyone from getting a wreck. If it occurs randomly while your driving then your screwed. Reason #3: texting and driving. Why is it that most people in this generation keep getting stupid and stupid every single minute? This is one of those incidents that has such that. People who text while driving pay more attention to their stupid phone than focusing on driving. Like drunk driving people who care about texting so much need to either sit in the back and text or not ride in the car at all. They propably should stay away from a car as long as possible until they learn to not text and drive at the same time. You can't do two things at once unless you're some one fictional or a pro at it. Final reason: Expoit of fossil fuels. I don't need to talk much about this one because I already did in my first paragraph and it is related to the extreme weather topic but I will do it once more. Cars that exploit fossil fuels can cause damage to the enviorment. If the smoke is exploited too much it can not only more damage to the enviorment, but it can cause people to reck as well.

These are the reasons that fellow citizens like you should limit your car usages. Remember that cars are not a same transportation vehicle that can get you from point A to Point B, they have a dark side like everything else. Even if you do limit your car usages, it doesn't mean you are safe from the world that hunts you down. Be careful out there and follow the percautions of safty carefully when you are traveling either by car or anyother place.            