I am going to be talking about how the use of technology to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. Have you ever wondered how technolgy can sense how you are feeling? Well I am going to be explaining if I am for or against the value of using technology to read students' emotional expressions.

In the text the author says, "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication," notes Dr. Huang. "So computers need to understand that, too." Technology could also be very helpful for learning. The author says, "A classroom computer could recognizd when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. He also says, "Then it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor." This technology could help sense if someone is in danger but they do not want to say that they are. In paragraph 5 in the text the author says, "Of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. I do agree that technology would be valuable to read students emotional expressions.

Some students do not like explaining or expressing their feelings because maybe of what other kids might think of them or just because in general they may not know how too. In paragraph 4 the author states, "The facial expressions for each emotion are universal," observes Dr. Huang, "even though individuals often show varying degrees of expression" (like not smiling as broadly).

I am for using techonology to read students emotional expressions. The technology could detect your emotions and help others also to know how you are feeling just incase of an emergency. The technology would be able to sense if you are in danger by your emotions. The technology would also help those students that are not opened up about their emotions and explaining or expressing their emotions.

In conclusion, I am for the value of using this technology to read students' emotional expressions. The technology is valuable because it can help students open up about their emotions rather than keeping all of their emotions inside and making their emotions worse by keeping them to themselves. Most students like talking and expressing their emotions so they will not have to deal with all of their emotions and that way they are relieved of stress about their emotions.   