Did you know that some students are giving up going to school all together and still getting their diploma? This is because some students are opting to take online classes from the comfort of their own home rather than going to school. Although some say it may be easier to concentrate when working from home, learning online from videos can be much harder to understand, and it can be difficult for a student to learn on their own without being able to easily ask questions.

Learning online can be very difficult. I often find myself trying to use websites such as Khan Academy to help learn material that I missed in class, however it rarely ever helps. These types of websites can be helpful to practice material that was already learned, but are not very effective for teaching it. It is easier to learn in a classroom where you can consult a teacher if you have any questions or need help understanding something.

In addition to that, it could also be challenging to learn by oneself without any help. At school, students can study with each other, explain things to each other, and work together on worksheets and projects. A student taking online classes is largely on their own to learn the material assigned to them. Students learning in a classroom can ask their teacher a question and get a detailed and specific answer, but if a student learning at home were to have that same question, the videos they learn from may not answer it and a quick Google search may not give the correct answer or not give an in depth answer.

A lot of people argue that learning from home and taking online classes can make it a lot easier for students to concentrate as they would not be bothered by other students, however there can be just as many or more distractions at home as there are at school. Students could wind up on their phone or playing video games and wasting a lot of time when they could be learning. In a classroom, a teacher would quickly stop any students who are goofing off or using their phones, but at home there wouldn't be anyone to keep the students on task. Even if their parents were home, they can't keep a constant eye on them all day long. It is better to learn in a classroom because there will ultimately be less distractions.

All in all, it is better for students to go to school because they can work together and ask each other questions, ask the teacher questions, and avoid the difficulty of learning from videos online. Classrooms are an all around better learning environment and being taught by a teacher is more effective than learning online through videos.