What is your point of view on this argument that we are discussing today here in the Sunshine State? The Florida Senator should consider keeping the Electoral College voting system to choose our President because the founding fathers of the United States established this system. The popular vote is terrible because in some cases it might be teens or young people that don't know about poltics or what they want to give to this country or state. They vote on the things that interest them, not the country. When you vote for anything, your main pryority is "Does this make the country a better place and will bring more benefits to the people in this country or state"?

The Electoral College voting system is much easier to count who won because its a "winner-take-all" system. This can be seen when " The popular vote was very close in Florida [in 2012]; nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral vote"(Source #3). This example shows even tho the popular was very close, Obama still won Florida and got those 29 electoral votes. There is a another way people view the Electoral College and they say that the "Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational"(Source #2). They also say the best argument against the Electoral College is the disaster factor.

Each person has their own point of view about each thing but mine is that we should stay with the Electoral College system because it benefits the people in Florida and the United States.

For example, "In [2012's] election, for example, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney. . . . Because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state"(Source #3). This shows a certainty of the outcome for that state. This also cause candidates to not spend their time in states "they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states"(Source #2).

Therefore, we should consider keeping the Electral College for various reasons. The Electoral College has been the voting system of our country all along. Why should we change the tradition that our founding fathers left for us? Eveything in life happens for a reason, I would appeciate it if you could the the Electoral College in this beautiful Sunshine State, Florida.                                                    