In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author describes how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions. The article states lots of information on what the machine can do and how it does it. The Facial Action Coding System could be very helpful for not only students, but teachers too.

Everyone that has been to school knows that, not everyhing you learn will be interesting and nor will some of your teachers. By having new teachnology that could change that and make future genarations more involved in their own learning, will be life changing. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts.(6) I personaly would like a teacher that knows when I need help or when I know what Im doing. Its even better if they know when we are bored, it could change lots of students mind sets towards public education.

The FACS could help in many ways, one it could be helpful towards actors or just people that want to be more in touch with there emotions. "According to the Facial Feedback Thoery of Emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them." (9) When you sign up for a class that you have to act in and your grade depends on it, this machine would come real handy. I was in a speech class my first semester of 10th grade. The teacher made us memorize a monolge of a movie character. We had to say word for word while showing emotions, emotions that I had never felt before. With the FACS future students could be better at that class and it can go a long way.

The Facial Action Coding System does help students in the classroom. It would be a whole new genaration of studnets if this machine went out to the schools. When students dont have to wait on real teachers to move on or help them with something they are stuck on, the makeup of theyre brain will totally change for the better. Students will be faster at thinking, solving and much more during school.