School is a place for students to learn and get the education they need to be successful in the future. Students attend school 5 days a week for about 8 to 9 months each year. There are many ways you can attend school. There is public school, private school, and online school that you can attend at home. I think the most beneficial way to attend school is public school. I think public school is the most beneficial way because, the students that is attending can physically get out of the house and socialize with his or her peers. Also in the United States public school is completely free! I think the least beneficial way to attend school is online school. I do not think it is beneficial for students to attend school online from home because, there are too many distractions at home, the cost of online schools compared to other schools, and it makes it easier for students to cheat.

One reason why i do not think online school is not beneficial is because of the distractions that can be found at home. When a student is physically attending school they tend to be more motivated then students who attend school online at home. This is because the student that is attending the school is aware that it is a school environment and that everyone is there to get the education they need. However, when a student attends online school they are more likely to get distracted. This is because students that attend online school are in a home setting that contains many distractions such as, easy access to electronics, food, and any other forms of entertainment. Online school will also motivate students to get up and do other things instead of doing the work they were assigned and supposed to do. This will cause the student to turn in the assignment late or even not turning the assignment in at all (which can eventually lead to bad grades).

Another reason why I think online school is not beneficial is because of the price. Online school is way more expensive then any other schools. Parents of students that attend online school have to pay thousands and thousand of dollars every month in order for their child to continue on attending school online. Public school on the other hand is completely free and anyone can attend it. In my opinion, if online school had a higher education rate I would understand why it is so expensive, but the thing that is really interesting to me is that online school is receiving similar education with the people that don't attend school online.

Finally the last reason why I think attending online school is not beneficial is because it makes it easier for students to cheat. I think it is easier for a student to cheat while attending online school is because there is no one watching them when they're working on an important assignment like a test or quiz. When no one is watching them the student might get the urge to cheat. A few examples of cheating maybe, searching up the answer to a question online or even ask someone else to do the assignment for them. The reason why students attending online school would cheat is because they know that it is harder for them to get caught. In public school there is always a teacher in the room while the students are taking a quiz or a test. Because there is a teacher in the room the chances of a student cheating on an assignment decreases.

This is because when a teacher is present in the room the student is possibly afraid of getting caught. If a student is ever caught cheating there will always be a consequence.

School is a very important aspect of someones future and life. So in conclusion, I think taking online school at home is not beneficial because, the distractions found at home, the cost of online schools compared to other schools, and it makes it easier for students to cheat. Yes online school still might be a school where people attend to learn, but I personally think the type of school a student is attending matters because it effects their ability to learn and comprehend things. 