Students should be able to attend school in the comfort of their home. By attending school through online programs or video conferencing, students receive the same education they would if they were in a school building. Some students can not attend school due to illness or anxiety and concentration. By allowing students to use distance learning, the challenges students could face in school would be over came.

First, students should be allowed to use distance learning when faced with an illness. Some students have chronic illnesses that makes it hard to leave their bed some days. Other students may have a common cold or the flu and are unable to attend school because they could get other students sick. Therefore, students have to stay home and miss a day or more of learning.

Secondly, students should be allowed to attend classes through online programs or video conferencing due to anxiety or concentration problems a student may be faced with. In school there are so many students and teachers that it may overwhelm a student. In addition, due to all of the noises throughout a school it may be difficult for a student to achieve a task. If a student is unable to concentrate on a task, it may effect a students grade.

Some may say, students who take classes at home will not complete any of their classwork or homework. They believe that students will avoid doing school work and do what they enjoy instead, such as watch television or play video games. However, taking classes at home would be a big benefit to students. Students would take advantage of the ability to do school at home because they know how important an education is.

Challenges students could face in school would be over came by allowing students to use distance learning. Attending classes at home would be a big benefit to students; they would receive the education they need. Not at students have the ability to attend school like they wish they could. All schools should offer distance learning, give the students the same opportunity to learn at home. 