We have all dreamed of owning a self driving car, and have heard about it once or twice. They may seem very cool and very far off in the future, but in fact, driverless cars may be the next big project the world will start to expand on. We all believe that there will come a day when none of the things we do now will be left to do in the future, but how well would the things do today be carried out in the future? I believe that future cars would be very ineffective, because of the cost of the process of putting the plan in motion, the problems that could occur while the cars are driving, and the amount of time it would take before we could make the cars legal.

Throughout history, we have had great success in everything that has advanced in technology, like replacing hard labor with machines like tractors and cars. However, many of these products have been very expensive when we have tried perfecting the dream machine for technology. Cars vary from a large price range, and many of them that are new are not cheap. This could be a problem if we tried launching the driverless cars into action because of how much money it would take to build the right car. The car would have to first be made to be tested, which takes both time and money. Then they would have to gather up a whole bunch of money to start producing these types of cars, which everyone may or may not like. They would then have to take all of the cars from wherever they were made, and ship them to where they need to be. This would be very expensive, and may not even be liked by some people. Some people dont feel safe in a car, so why would they by one where they wouldn't be in charge? These future cars would also come at a very high price, because the top leading car companies are the ones trying to make future cars come true, like"Google's modified Toyota Prius," and,"BMW," which were talked about in the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming." This means cars will just keep getting more expensive, until eventually no one could pay the price, which would also be a drawback for the company, especially in materials, money, and time.

Not only is cost an issue, but so is the technology itself. Most cars malfunction in all different sorts of ways. For example, locked breaks, oil leaks, and much more. This means that not all cars can be trusted and one hundered percent trustworthy. We are still trying to perfect the modern car used today, but there is always something that occurs that stops us in our tracks. Putting our lives on the line by letting a new and advanced car could be very dangerous, because the history of perfect cars is not clean at all. In the passage "Driverless Cars Are Coming," there is a lot of talk about sensors and gadgets used to ensure saftey, but knowing about most technology, it would have some downfall, which would be very unsafe. For example, if "antilock brakes and driver assistance" failed, which they could potentially become a big hazard once they failed. In Drivers Ed, they tell you to limit as many hazards and distractions as possible, so that you can be assured safety while driving on the road. If you add more advancments to your car that could be a hazard at any given moment, you would add more problems later on that could become unsafe.

The last big problems future cars are subjected to face are making them legal. If it is very hard to make cars legal by testing them and spending money on them, then the chances are driverless cars would be way worse. They would have to be tested a lot more, and would definatley cost a lot of money. Some people wouldn't even trust the car, because we as humans can't even trust each other at certain points in time. In order for someone to trust the car, they would probably have to make it themselves. Even if they became legal, as soon as one major accident or malfunction with one of the cars happened, we would have to go back to square one, and gain everyones trust yet again, which is very hard to earn back. If someone puts your life at risk over their own, you wouldnt trust them right away after that, would you? Making it legal would be very hard to do, like stated in "Driverless Cars Are Coming," because of the "roadblocks," that, "lie ahead for the autonomous car," and the amount of saftey that would be needed in each car that would have to be tested many different times.

Technology is very cool and facinating, but we all have to take a step back and ask ourselves if putting effort into it is worth the risk. Cars are far from being perfect, and not having any flaws, and driverless cars are way far from being perfect.

In order to actually happen, we would have to consider the cost and amount of time needed to make them work right, the problems with the technology in the car that one may encounter, and the possibility of making it leagal and gaining everyones trust in doing so. Future driverless cars aren't that far away, but are also not that close either, because of the cost, time, problems, and making it legal that would have to be faced while making them.