390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving.

1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving. Because of this Georgia has made this hands free law that now, it is illegal to hold your phone while driving. Violators face a $50 fine for first conviction. Georgia is the 16th state in the country to enact a hands-free driving law. Therefore drivers should not be able to use cell phones while operating a vehicle.

Cell phones should be on an hands free stand the same height as the dash board to keep eyes ahead instead of looking down. Over 88 percent of people going on trips use their phone for directions with the phone in their hands.

Drivers can no longer have phones "touching any part of their body" while talking through devices, the safety office stated.

According to the Georgia State Patrol, officers handed out nearly 25,000 citations to drivers found to be in violation of the law between July 1, 2018 and June 30, 2019. traffic citations are up. Fatal accidents are down. Auto insurance collision claims are declining. But plenty of motorists are still fiddling with their phones as Georgia's distracted driving law celebrates its first birthday.

However, teens now are allowed to use cell phones to the same extent as adults under the law. The 2018 Hands Free Law prohibits motorists of all ages from holding any electronic device, such as a mobile phone. It only takes three seconds for a crash to occur after a driver becomes distracted by their cell phone or anything else. Texting while driving is even more dangerous than driving while under the influence of alcohol.

9 percent of all teenagers expect to receive a reply to a sent text message within five minutes. Brake reaction speed can be slowed by up to 18 percent when someone is texting while driving. Holding a phone in one hand while navigating a vehicle slows reaction time by 46 percent. Texting while driving is more of a problem now than ever, as 69 percent of U.S. drivers between the ages of 18 and 64 admitted to using their cell phone while driving during the previous month.                        