Earth's twin is kind of hot. Venus is Earth's "twin," but it far much more hot than Earth itself. It is a whole lot more closer to the Sun than Earth is and that make space travel to get to Venus harder. There could be many pros and cons to go to Venus. There are also many dangers to going to Veus to study it. The atmosphere is by far one of the biggest reasons not to go there. WIth NASA's new and improved technology, space travel there could be a lot safer than how it is now. The author does a good job depicting the struggles of space travel to Venus.

Venus is the same size as Earth and that could be good or it could be bad. Life could be possible because it is almost in the goldilocks zone, but scientists would have to find a way to help with the heat. It has a rocky surface just like Venus and there is evidence that it was possibly covered in water at one point. The planet is one of Earth's best choices of survival. Since Venus is almost the same size as Earth, it should be safe to travel there.

The atmosphere of Venus is by far one of the biggest risks when attempting to visit this planet. The atmosphere is made up of 97%

carbon dioxide which would kill you within minutes. The air on the planet is too thick to even breathe so if all the carbon dioxide didn't kill you, then you would die of suffocation. The atmosphere is very hot and scientists say that the ground reaches temperatures up to 800 degrees farenheit. The atmosphere of Venus is the biggest problem when trying to visit the planet.

The technology that NASA has developed over the years is astonishing. They have developed jet airplanes that can take you to outerspace in insane speeds and they have also reduced the time that it takes to get there. Even a good old spaceship will do the trick, but the space company has made some serious upgrades to them over the years. They have even tried to make shuttles made of silicon carbide, which can help an item withstand the heat that is brought upon Venus.

Earth's twin doesn't seem so fun now. The auther does a great job depicting the struggles of space travel to Venus. Although it's almost the same size as Earth, it is still very dangerous to approach the planet. The atmosphere makes it almost unreachable since it is so hot and thick. But the technology that NASA has developed would no doubt increase the chances of surviving the travel to Venus.