The Facial Action Coding system is valuable in the classroom. This technology can tell how a student is feeling even when they do not say it, which is good becuase some students may feel unfortable telling the teacher or class they do not understand the material. Not only does the system know when a student is confused, it also works on everybody and is very accurate.

First off, this technology can tell weather a student is confused or bored. Many students, including myself, find it difficult to addmit when they do not understand something. If this system was in classrooms teachers would know when students do not understand the lesson. Instead of students being in the dark, and end up failing the test, teahers could pull the students aside and give them extra help.

Not only can this technology tell when a student is confused, it can also tell when they are bored. In the text Dr. Huang says "Then it could modify the lesson" which I totally agree with. A student is not going to tell a teacher that they are bored, but with this technology a teacher can still find out. Finding out that a student is bored is great because teachers can modify the lesson to make the students engaged. The students will have more fun being taught with a more engaged lesson, which will raise test scores. Some people may say have this technology in class is werid or creepy, but if they students, teachers, and parents do not have a problem with it there should not be a problem.

Secoundly, the Facial Action Coding System will work on anyone. In the artical it states "the facial expresions for each emotion are universal". This means that it does not matter who you are, or what you look like your results will be spot on. Since we all have the same muscles in our face, this technology will work on everybody. Not only that, but this sytstem is accurate. In the text it says "she is 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful and 2 percent angry." It could have just said she is happy, because it is the highest percent, but this system goes into detail. It also has a psychologist that Dr. Huang relies on to make even more sure the results are accurate.

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System should be in classrooms. It can help students get better learning experience, it works on everybody, and it is accurate. 