Imagine that all your rights are taken away and you have to work for your entire life. Forcing kids to do after school activates is like that. Students should have freedom of what they do after school,also they might already be in after school classes or they might not like the programs that they offer. Whatever the reason is students should not be forced to do any activities after school.

Students should the right to do what they want to do after school. You see if they want to go home after a long tired day at school they should go home. Forcing to participate in after school curricular actives will just increase stress and misery on the student,nothing will be accomplished from this. Students might have other things to do like chores are just talking to there relatives or some other thing that they might have in there life. Young people come here to learn that it, they have there life. School is school not a prison.

Many students go home take eat a snack and go participate in the sport or activate they already do outside of school. A decent amount of students already do extra curricular activates outside of school. Making everyone to participate a in an activity in school would be a punishment. The people who already do activities will have a major bust up in there schedule which will cause lots of problems to them. Also the students who are not in after school activities will eventually find something to do maybe in school or something to do when they get home.

Sure the school system does offer a variety of extra curricular activities so people can participate in. However out of all the programs some students might not want to join. They just might not be interested to go in the activity,or they might have tired one or two classes and they might have found apathy for it. Some kids might just want to be at home and relax so and dont work themselves too much in school or school-like activities.

Students should certainly not be forced into after school activities. There are many reasons and who knows what in whos life. It is important to not overwhelm students with these activities. Though it is important to do fun activities on your own or in a group but it is something that shouldn't be don't with pressure. Think about you do all this effort in school and you want to leave and relax,but with after school activities you can't. This is why students should always have a choice in everything and with case they should not be forced to do after school actives.