How would you feel if on the first day of school your principle said that you needed to do an extracurricular activity, because I know that I wouldn't like it. You might be thinking to yourself," wouldn't that help keep our kids active," or," wouldn't it keep them out of the house doing something productive?" There is a chance that they would be productive, but there would also be a chance that they would goof off and not do what you thought they were doing. One reason I disagree with this is because we would have less free time to do what we want. I disagree with having to do an extracurricular activity because there would be more work, less free time/more school, and extracurricular activities are not for everyone.

To start, all of the students would need to do more work if everyone had to do an extracurricular activity. There would also be less time for homework everyday, because you would be staying after school. If you were playing a sport, it would feel like your having PE again. There would also be more learning if your in the yearbook crew, or school newspaper. In all, you would have more work if you had to do an extracurricular activity.

To begin, having an extracurricular activity would give you less free time to do what you want to do. An extracurricular activity would also give you less free time, because you could have a game at another school the day before a big test that you need to study for. Having to do an extracurricular activity would also mean more school and less time to yourself. Less free time would also mean less homework, which would mean worse grades. In total, having to do a extracurricular activity would give you less free time because you would have to stay after school.

Finally, not every extracurricular activity is for everyone, like track isnt for people who hate running, or soccer isnt for people with broken legs. Some people might like it, but I also think that some people wouldn't make the soccer team, or track team if they're not athletic. Some people might like technological things, but there isnt an extracurricular thing for that. My final reason is that not everyone could make the team, or yearbook crew, because they are not for everyone. In all, no one should have to do an extracurricular activity.

To start, extracurricular activities are not for everyone, they are for the people who want to do them. No one should be forced to have to do an extracurricular activity. In conclusion, more work, less free time, and extracurricular activities are not for everyone, are reasons that I think we shouldn't be forced to do extracurricular activities.