Many parents recommend their child to be in home school than in public school. Scientist have proven that students do better home school than anywhere else. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it helps them focus and learn better.

Students have so many distractions in public school where it makes them hard to focus on their school work. Bullying is a main distraction that makes students unable to focus in school. If students are being joked and pushed around in school, they are not going to focus on their work. Also, when teachers are teaching a lesson or if someone is already out to use the restroom, student are unable to go until that person is done. If students were home schooled, they could go to the restroom whenever they want. Furthermore, another distraction to students is when they are hungry. It is bad enough that schools give students a minimum of food every day. Most students are still hungry after lunch, because it was not enough food. Food keeps everyone's brain cells motivating. Therefore, in homeschooling, students can eat whenever they want to stay focused.

While some people think students would not benefit from being home schooled in fact, students learn better. Sometimes, it is hard to understand someone else if they came from a different state or country because they have an accent. It is difficult to learn something if they can't understand what the person is saying. In other cases, the student could speak a different language, while the teacher can't understand what the student is saying. It is hard to communicate with someone when one person can't understand the other. Additionally, some teachers move to fast where the student can't comprehend what the teacher said. If students where home schooled, they could move at their own paste, go over the same subject as many times as they need to, and could find different ways to learn something.

In Conclusion, students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home. Homeschooling is less stressful that any other type of school because students can go at their own paste without worrying about getting left behind. There would be no distractions, bullying, or struggling to understand what the teacher is saying if students were home schooled. Students would be happier in homeschooling and would benefit from it all!