Some people believed that the "Face on Mars" was an alien monument, and still do. This was a conspiracy theory that had been proven wrong many times by us scientists at NASA. When we first discovered this face, there was a degree of surprise among the mission controllers. But they soon figured it was another Martian mesa, which is common around Cydonia. Only this one had different shadows that gave the appearance of an Egyption Pharaoh, which caused the theories of it being an extra terrestrial monument.

When we had unveiled the photograph of the rock formation out into the public, it had been captioned that it was a "huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." This had been done to attract attention, and it did. People began to think the Face was evidence of life on Mars that NASA would rather hide. But, our NASA budgeters wish there was life on Mars because it would benefit our investigations and bring in more money. NASA would have abosolutely no reason to hide this information from the public.

Yet, theorists are unconvinced. On April 5, 1998, we sent the Mars Global Surveyor to fly over Cydonia and to take photographs that were ten times sharper than the original photos. We first uploaded these images onto a JPL website, explaining that the Face was a natural landform and that it was not a monument built by aliens.

People were still not satisfied with our information at this point. Our mission controllers prepared to inspect the Face again. This time, our controllers used a camera that spanned 1.56 meters on the maximum resolution, which captured a breath-taking image. This image shows that the Face is an equivalent of a butte or mesa. This is a common landform on Earth, and proves that the Face on Mars is just an oddly shaped area of land.

I do understand why people may have thought that this landform was evidence of life on Mars, but us workers at NASA gave real evidence that it wasn't. Our mission controllers had taken three different images showing more and more proof that it was just another landform. The mission controllers had used cameras with extreme resolution that had the ability to see airplanes or pyramids if there were any. But there wasn't, and there still isn't.

In conclusion, I strongly believe that there is no life on Mars because there is no actual evidence proving my belief wrong. To all those who still believe the Face on Mars was a monument built by aliens, I truly hope you will read this and realize that theories are theories until proven true. 