After school activities are enjoyable, but how would you feel if they where required? Soon, staying after school would not be fun anymore. Making students stay after would just make them angry and upset. Students who used to like school might end up despising it. School should be a positive, motivational space, but forcing people to stay after can ruin the environment. After school activities should not be mandatory because of homework, others time, and because students may revolt.

My first reason that after school activities should not be required, is because of homework. Students could struggle to find balance with school work and an extracurricular activity. They might need extra support from a teacher, but may not be able to receive it because of a conflict with their activity. Making students do an after school activity might create an environment where the activities are a higher priority than school work. Students who are already not very good about doing and/or turning in homework might use their activity as an excuse. These students already have bad work habits, and giving them another excuse is only going to reinforce the bad habits. All in all, after school, homework should be a priority, so students shouldn't have to take part in a activity that distracts them from what is important.

My next reason is that after school activities should not be required is because of peoples time. Some students already struggle to find time to have some fun when all they have to do is homework. Adding an activity could make it so they have no time to relax. Students don't have to worry about getting a job or paying the bills. Students should enjoy the freedom they have while they can. Not letting students have the opportunity to use their time positively and productively will negatively impact their view of school. If extracurricular activities are required, students are not the only ones who would be affected. The schools' staff members, such as teachers, would have to stay after to help run the activities. While some teachers might be willing to stay after, other teachers have to go home to help their families or need to use the time to write their lessons. Time is a valuable resource, but controlling how people use it would hurt the learning environment.

My last reason why we shouldn't require after school activities is because people may revolt. Students will be mad if they are required to do the activity, and teachers will be upset if they have to work overtime, but having to stay after school isn't the only reason people would this way. Some people might not enjoy any of the possible after school activities, or the activities they want to do might be full. This will make them not feel obligated to the club or sport they chose. An example is they might pick a sports team, but never show up to practice because they don't care. This is unfair for the students who want to be there, and the teachers who used their time to orginize that practice. Finaly, extracurricular activities happen after the required school hours. Extracurricular activities are extra, so they should be special, not forced.

With homework that has to be done, time that should be used productively, and how students and teachers could negatively react, it is not worth it to force people into mandatory after school activities. Schools should instead make extracurricular activities something people want to be a part of. Students who will be able to use their time as desired will have a more positive outlook on school. If you want to be part of an after school activity, we should be excited to make that choice.