Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they will be given an opportunity to improve and maintain grades without being inside a classroom, not experience bullying from others, and reduce stress in a less occupied environment. Critics say that, students won't benefit from being able to attend classes online from home due to little or no internet access at home.

Firstly, students would be given an opportunity to improve and maintain grades given that they are not inside the school classroom. For example, a student may fall behind with their schoolwork if they encounter a personal illness, family emergency, or have a death in the family. With this option in place, a student will be able to complete given tasks in each required subject while not in school. Experiencing a death in the family can affect an individual from being around others. When I was in elementary school, I missed many days of school when a close family member was very sick. I did not want to go to school while my grandfather was in the hospital , I just wanted to be by his side at all times. I felt that I wouldn't be focused on my schoolwork knowing what was going on at home. After that, he later passed away which really affected me in many ways. It was very hard for me to rebuild my strength over his passing so I did not attend school for at least two days. When I returned to school, I fell very behind in my work and had to work very hard to catch up in each subject before the grading period ended. Once the school heard about my situation, the staff members always wanted me to feel comfortable in any environment. I struggled through the pain but I got through it. My elementary school did not offer distance learning, so I was not able to complete my work at home during my free time. Students will definitely benefit from this offer and not fall behind in their schoolwork for any reason.

Secondly, many students experience bullying from others which causes them to give up on their schoolwork and lose focus. Students do better when they don't have problems in school with another peer. For example, we should not drop out of school because we are getting picked on by another individual around us. Instead, coming to school with a different mindset and purpose can play a huge role. Bullying causes students to dislike themselves and would rather stay home without worrying about getting made fun of or picked on by another peer. In conclusion, students will not have to lose focus or give up because of another individual.

Lastly, students can benefit from attending classes from home by reducing their stress in a less occupied environment because they won't have to feel pressured to ask a question, get feedback on a topic , or make a mistake. For example, some high school students tend to judge another individual by their points of view or opinions on a topic during a class discussion. In other words, it is wrong to critique an individual by their personal opinions because they will probably not want to speak in class at any given time; meanwhile, another person around them is not going to like what they have to say. Also, some students may feel that they work better independently. A less occupied environment can reduce stress because a student won't have to worry about the distractions around them.

In conclusion, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they will be given an opportunity to improve and maintain grades without being inside a classroom, not experience bullying from others, and reduce stress in a less occupied environment. This opportunity can also provide students with more experience using technology and internet at any time. Distance learning can encourage students to help others with the internet in any job field, career or business.         