School can be tiring and draining for everyone; consequently, summer break is highly anticipated by most. However, much of the information gained by students throughout the school year is lost during the summer. In order to assist them, student-designed projects should be assigned to make allow students to make decisions that are academically beneficial for them and allow them to still enjoy their summer break.

Students must do things that educationally better for them. While teacher-designed projects give teachers more control, student designed projects allow students to decide what to retain and how to retain it. They may learn better by either seeing, hearing, touching, or even tasting. Some students may also need more help in some topics over others. Furthermore, student may also discover more about themselves. Some students may discover different things about their character traits such as the level of patience they may have. Others may also discover or enhance different skills they have. Students may also want to include ways to help them focus. Some prefer to stay busy and may decide to multitask. Many students may include music to help the concentrate and finish the project faster. If students do not learn in way that may help them, they will not gain much in return.

On top of retaining information, students must also enjoy their summer break. Students can have an opportunity to design a project that allows them to have fun too. Although they are doing a school assignment, they have the capability to incorporate things that they like. They can also choose to make projects active and involve movement. Students will also have a chance to be independent. They are in control and can make their own rules. They can also do the project whenever they choose, as long as its turned in by its due date. Finally, students have the choice to be as social as they want to be. Some students may decide to work in groups and incorporate teamwork in their projects. Others may choose to be entirely independent and work alone. Indeed, there is not much point to a summer break if students are unable to enjoy it.

Schools should indeed assign student-designed projects and allow them to make academic decisions that benefit them and still allow them to enjoy their summer break. This should allow students to even retain information they learned though the year and even learn new things. Teachers and students alike will have an opportunity to be productive while still remaining happy and stress free.