In the United States, car wrecks because of distracted drive are increasing. The leading reason to distracted driving is cell phones. While most people appear to be aware of the dangers of using the cellphone while driving, they even continue to take this risk. What would it take to make people to quit utilizing their cell phones while operating their car?

Cell phones have become a part of many people's daily lives, making it a struggle for them to sit the down long enough to drive and reach their destination. In 2015, six hundred and sixty thousand drivers in the United States were calculated to have cellphones in hand while behind the wheel. Cellphone usage while traveling has become the number one cause for vehicle accidents over the last two decades.

Using the phone while driving increases not only the driver, but the people around them chances of getting into an accident. In addition to it lessens the driver's awareness of their surroundings while on the road, causing more car accidents. "Auto deaths have risen for two straight years, marking the biggest increase in more than dive decades. While lower gas prices have encouraged more driving, distracted driving due to cellphones has been tapped as one of the major causes. That has prompted many states to begin cracking down on phone use while driving with laws outlawing the behavior." (Pressman, A..Apr.2017)

An increasing amount of states, prohibit the usage of cell phones while behind the wheel, exposing those drivers who break the laws to fines and additional punishments. What many drivers don't realize is that, not only could they receive fines for using their phone, but they could also be served with serious lawsuits if they cause an accident.

A large number of drivers do not believe that their driving performance is impacted by the usage of their cellphones. More than one half of drivers who speak on cell phones while driving feel as if their driving is no different from them being off the phone. This shows that many people are ignorant to the impact they have on their selves and others when they use their phones while driving. This also shows why it's so important to have such strict rules and laws. "Road safety appears to improve in states with laws that regulate driver's phone use. The states with the lowest amount of phone use while driving- Vermont, Oregon, Hawaii, and Washington- have all banned the use of handheld devices behind the wheel."(Johnson, D.Apr.2018)

To sum it up, the use of phones while driving has proven to be a huge safety hazard to drivers and those surrounding them. There should be laws in all states and even countries that ban the use of any device or distraction while driving in order to decrease the number of accidents on the road. It would also help people to practice using their phones less and become not so dependent on their phones.            