Look around, how many cars do you see? Ten? Twenty? Thirty? In the United States most family's own cars, to get around town and transport themselves places. So what would happen if the United States banned cars? What do you think would happen and what do you think people would say or feel about it?

In Vauban, Germany is an experimental district on the outskirts of Freiburg, near the French and Swiss border. Unlike the Marion County there are very few, or no cars, which means no accidents, no stress, and no money wasted on gas. Some of Vauban's citizens have said "When i had a car i was always tense, I am much happier this way." What if our communities were like that? Do you think morale would be higher and that people would be more laid back? Every day on the news theres a story about car pileups, and accidents on the highway and blockage on roads. The Enviromental Protection Agency is promoting "Car reduced communities" and legislators are starting to act on it. Many experts expect public transport serving suburbs to play a big role in the country soon, Says Elisabeth Rosenthal of the New York Times.

Paris, France one of capitals of the worlds most polluted cities enforces a partial driving ban to help clear the air of the city. Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter compared to 114 in Brussels and 79 in London. On mondays motorists with even numbered license pklates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22 euro fine ($31). The same would apply to odd numbered plates on the next day. Almost 4,000 drivers were fined on the first day and 27 cars were impounded due to the reaction of the drivers. Some say thats easier to imagine than a car free community, but is it truly easier on the people? People blame diesel fuel because France has a tax policy that favors diesel over regualar leaded gasoline, and due to that diesels make up 67% of the vehicles in the country.

In Bogota, Colombia there is a car free day every year, where Colombians, hiked, biked, skated or took buses to get around. It was the third year of the event and the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog and pollution. The turnout was very large, despite gray clouds that dumped occational rain on the participators. Businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza says "Its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower pollution", and for the first time two other cities joined in on the day, the cities were "Cali, and, Valledupar". Parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city and uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced with even smooth sidewalks.

So is driving really worth destroying the enviroment? Maybe you could try walking to work sometime, or riding a bike. These cities tried it so should yours.    