Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Recently many students have heard about the change that you are thinking to make towards the school's sports program. Statistics in our school show that students here have at least a C average grade. The change of making the average needed to participate in sports programs is a B average grade. The following parts to this letter explain why we should keep it at a C average grade.

First of all, many students at SCHOOL_NAME do good jobs keeping there grades up. Yet there still are students who don't care about their grades, or at least don't try to get good grades.

For example, a C grade counts as a passing grade. Some students who may have a C still are achieving the needed goals in their classes. Another example is, if a child is having trouble keeping their average grade at a B, the students should at least be given something to fall back on, if their grades aren't perfect. lastly, the final reason why this change should not be made is because, students who participate in sports have something to look forward to. If they are not able to participate in lets say club volleyball, or club soccer, they at least have a resource that helps them have a chance to play a sport they love if that sport is provided by the school.

Secondly, SCHOOL_NAME has many students who like to play sports, and exercise. Changing this policy may jeopardize the chance for these students to participate in the sport they play. Another reason that I would like to ask you to keep a C average is, students at SCHOOL_NAME know that you have to keep your grades up to qualify for sports, or even other chances for you to participate in school activities. Lastly, we students, like to do things outside of school as well as in school. By saying this, I mean that students should be able to participate in school sports or activities if they have any passing grade average.

On the other hand, students or parents may believe that changing this policy may help our school achieve higher test scores. This would be due to the effort students would have to put into studying for tests or even just for their homework. Another example is , parents may not want students to play sports with a C average grade, because that means that the student is barely passing. Of course as any parent would want there child to succeed in classes, so they can have better opportunities in their years of continuing middle school or even moving into high school . Lastly, a parent may want his or her child to continue with high grades, not just barely passing, but just completely passing. They may believe that sports may get in the way of the students studying or homework time.

In conclusion, I appreciate the time you took to read this letter. I would also like to thank you for your time in taking our opinions into consideration. So now you know a few reasons why students would like the average grade to stay a C, compared to why the parents believe that a B average may be a better choice. Thank you once again.

Sincerely ,

STUDENT_NAME