In

"The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the debate of the exploration of Venus is exposed for discussion. The article brings up many contriversal topics discussing whether or not Venus is worth exploring. Though most of the article talks about the dangers and overall negativities Venus has to offer when it comes of exploring it, the author takes this information and turns it into postives. The author demonstrates that although Venus is dangerous and almost impossible to explore, attempting to do just that willl be well worth it in the long run. Due to this, the readers can say that the author supported the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers very well.

In the article, the author first brings up the fact that Venus has a very toxic and dangerous atmosphere. They go on to say that because of this, the conditions in Venus are far to extreme for any human to survive in. Then, the author even posses the question of: Why are scientists trying to explore Venus more if it's so inhospitable? The author uses this question to transition into how they support the exploration of Venus, by saying how despite the inhospitable environment, Venus has many Earth-like qualities which intrigues many astronomers. In the article the author states, "... Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." This shows that learning more about Venus could potentially be a great advantage to Earth since it's the most similar planet to Earth in the entire solar system.

A second problem the author states about exploring Venus is that every attempt to explore the planet has failed. One reason being is how the extreme heat has prevented each spacecraft to survive for more than a couple of hours on Venus's surface. In the article the author states, "... no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spacecraft has touched down on Venus in more than three decades." The author contradicts this later in the article by explaining the technological advacements that NASA has accomplished to help prevent having another failed mission to Venus. The author states, "NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus. For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." This demonstrates how even though Venus is about impossible to explore, technology can help create smarter alternatives for exploring the planet's surface.

Throughout the article, the author demonstrates that the postives of exploring Venus outweigh the negatives by giving strong evidence as to why the positives eliminate the problems when it comes to exploring Venus's surface. Although there are many major issues with exploring Venus, the author shows the readers that there are solutions that can help fix these problems. Not only does the author do this, but they show how Earth can discover and learn many valuable things about Venus that can help in the long run. So through very strong evidence about the positve that was able to outweigh the negative, the author was able to support the idea of studying Venus very well.  