"The founding fathers established it in the constitution as a comprimise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by popular vote of qualififed citizens." (Paragraph 1)  The electoral college is made of 538 people called electors, these people are there to take in consideration what the people voted and then they them selves vote physically for the President of the United States.  The electoral coolege is good beacuse there is not as much controversey and if its been fine for this long it sould not be changed now.

Controversey, a big word with lots of meaning, but what does it really mean in this context.  It is when two or more things are being argued about, in this case two politacal veiws.  Whether or not we should keep the electoral college or get rid of it and go back to popular vote for electing the President of the United States.  Having a little bit of controversey is good but the reason why the founding fathers made this into the constitution is to stop the out rageuos argueing that was going on when electing the First president.  It states in paragraph 3 ,"The electoral college consists of 538 electors.  A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president."  This shows that they didnt just make it to please one side of the arguement, this pleased both side because it was very fare and didnt favor one side to the other.  By doing this it nearly ended all of the argueing and controversey, which that is what they wanted to acomplish.

Futhermore, the electoral college is good because why would you change something that has been working perfectly and helped the voting process out tremdously over hundreds of years.  They have had voting for the President down to a science now, for example,"The presidential election is held every four years on the tuesday after the first monday in november." (paragraph 6)  Everyone in the U.S. knows this date, it is imprinted in our brain when that day is and we need to clear our calenders and turn on the grill because that is a very specail day of change for our beautiful country.

Many people say there are problems with the electoral college, then again there are problems with everything in this crazy world we live in.  "The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century." (paragraph 11)  Yes there was a crisis but to say that the electoral college is corupt and bad just cause of that fiasco is to far.  America is too strong to break down from just that and there are to many belivers in the electoral college to have it just fall to peices from that one problem.  It also shows the resliency of the electoral college, and not just that but also showing changes so that those crisises wont ever happen again. "Under the 23rd Amendment of the Constitution, the District of Columbia is allocated 3 electors..."  That is living proof that there are changes and fixes being made to further the effiency of the Electoral College.

All in all the electoral college has proven itself to be more then just helpful but it has changed America itself.  It was made to settle a comprimise made but it has settled more arguements then anyone can count.  Its proven to the world it is here to stay and is not leaving anytime soon.                                                       