When people ask for advice normally individuals ask more than one person. Meaning that people try to see different aspects of a problem, question, or statement. People ask more than one person so they can find their own resolution on what others think is right or wrong. Finding the majority rule out of the two or more people you ask so you can make your own resolution.

People ask for some form of advice in their lifetime, people find different opinions at those times they get a variety of the good and bad pieces of advice. When it comes to problems such as, dealing with family matters or your job, I would look into different opinions from a counselor to a co-worker to find a certain balance.

However, when it comes to hearing a statement that may be important or held in society as something such as activism and debating. Often times, people talk about speeches as well as give insight on them and in some cases, contact the individual that had said the statement and give their opinion or give criticism to that person.

If you only talk to one person for advice you may still be stuck with what you are trying to look for or discuss on, and not have the best conclusion. Finding more opinions in a group of people will give you a good to bad ratio of what you should do to resolve on what you are looking into. Trusting groups of friends, family , and professional as well as responsible adults are some examples on people who you should ask for advice on the things you are wanting to resolve or find out about.

As you get more advice from people, you should find a majority rule on what everybody thinks, or say about your question or problem, and in some cases. Finding advice or constuctive criticism on something you did, such as an art project, a speech, or an essay. Getting a summary out of a group of people will help you get an understanding and a resolution on what you think you should do. Furthermore, when not finding advice or criticism you might not grow or expand on what are working on, not changing a mistakes on a essay or something or not perfecting something someone told you to look into.

Lastly, I see advice as a way for people once again, to find their own resolution. Talking to more than one person means that you may find a better way or summarized way on how you are going to complete or conclude the problem that you have. Try to find people who can give their opinion on what you want finished. Meaning, don't just look into one person's insight, because find just one may not always be the right one.        