Have you ever asked for someones opinion and they give you a choice that's bad and good and what you chose turns out very well or very wrong? well it happens to everyone, and it doesnt stop you in the world. You seek opinions from multiple people because it gives you feed back on the right and the wrong.

When you ask for someones opinion it either gives you a right choice or a wrong one meaning you either chose the one that gets you nowhere, or you chose the one that gives you hope, happiness, and a future. We decide on what we want, and those opinions they are there to help us chose if we want the good things or the bad thing in life. We ask for opinions to help us not just for anything but for the important things in life, opinions helps us make a big or small decisions that could change a lot. When you ask for someone opinion you may get a bad answer, and that's okay it does not mean your gonna chose wrong we make mistakes and most arent life changing, but you have to make sure you know what you wanna do if something goes wrong, opinions help you grow and learn from everything thats why they are great for you when you really need it. We must make a decision for ourselves if we wanna change the world to the point where we learn from opinions and grow.

Opinions are feedback of a right and a wrong, you tell someone " hey can I have your opinion on something" and they tell you what you need, and that helps lots of people because it helps them hear what they need to hear. Another way it helps you make the right choice is it offers satisfaction, someone could not be satisfied with what they chose so they ask for help from someone else which calms them and gives them time to think about the decisions that they could make. Big opinions form someone could impact your life and your future leaving you happy or devastated which is why you get the opinion and make it a choice for yourself you don't have to rush into anything and agree with everything they say take your time and understand everything and think things through. When someone is trying to get you to make the choice they want you to make then it could go wrong. Opinion is when you get feedback and make the choice for yourself and make it a good one because opinions are going to help you make good choices in life.

When asking for someones opinion it can make you respect them or them respect you it could be either way, but when someone respects what your doing there feedback could be something to can make you accomplished, strong, and even happy because people want there opinions to matter in your life and that could make you do the right thing when coming down to making a decision on anything. They help you grow more than you would think, it makes you tolerate what someone thinks over what you think, being someone who want to accomplish something you have to grow into something you might not like meaning you have to deal with what someone thinks when it comes to something you want or need, you cant go in somewhere and tell someone '' no '', without even trying their idea. The way you respond to someone tying to give you their opinion on something impacts you a lot they might be telling you something that could change your perspective on everything.

So what I am trying to say is when you seek for multiple opinions from different people you get a right or a wrong, which is giving you a choice to do the right thing instead of the opposite. Opinions give you a chance to grow, even overcome your fears of not doing the right thing in the world, you get a chance to do the right thing and you should take that chance its your choice no one else which is why you take time, and think things through. This is why seeking opinions from multiple people make you do right things because it is you who take their opinion to heart and does good with it.