There are so many new techinologies in the world, such as diverless cars and many more technologies. Science and technology have advanced so the cars can sense and drive by themseleves. In the article "Driverless cars are coming,"

there are some postive and negative aspects of the diverless cars such as Sensing the world, Driving and assisting the driver, but beside that should we or not have driverless cars.

We should have driverless cars. Diverless cars are easy to use and any age group can use them. The cars can sense and warn the driver about the dangers and that will increase the safety of the drivers. In the article it states that " Futher improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make drving safer are also leading to cars that ca handle more and more drving tasks on their own." In this line it tells us that these cars will handle more than just driving. In fact it will also take care of the safety of the driver.

Do we really need driverless cars. Is technology taking over. If we really think about it do we even need driverless cars. If we have cars that don't need drivers to drive them that means some peoples will be out of there jobs. So does it mean in the future the cars will make humans more lazy and jobless.

No, we don't need driverless cars, because we are making people more careless. In the article it states " The combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel." In this line it tells us that the car will mimic the skill of a human. Who will asure us about our safety in the car. Who will we blame for the technology. In the article it states " laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident." In this line it tells us that we still need laws that will cover the liability in case of a accident and one more thing to think about who will take in charge of the accident the car company or the driver if an accident happens.

In conclusion, there are some negative and postive aspects of driverless cars such as who will take in charge of an accident. An negative aspects of driverless cars is that if those cars come in the market, what will happen to the drivers who drive the cars and earn from driving an car such as taxi drivers. An postive aspect will be that the new driverless cars will insure the safety of the passengers and they will not be distracted. So there are many good and bad aspects of driverless cars.    