Teachers are the brain of school, they know everything and most of the time have solutions for every situation. Summer projects are projects that should help the students improve on their most needed parts of a subject. But a student designing these projects may lead to failure. Teachers should be the ones who design summer projects because teachers can create projects better than students can, teachers know what student need to improve on, and some students wont finish the project before school starts. Others may say that its fun for students to create their own project and have their own spin on it. But most students wont end up turning it in before school starts.

One main way that students study is by doing projects before test and working on the topic there on. This means that teachers know how to create a project on topics that students need to work on. Teachers create projects better than students can and the ones teachers make will be better for the students. Students will either turn in lazy work that they rushed, or wont turn in at all. Students will procrastinate and once they start the project and have to start from scratch with no idea what their project needs to be about, they wont end up doing it.

Most students dont know what topics that they need improvement on. So most students will do the project on an easy topic that they are more familiar with. But the teachers know what the students need to improve on. Teachers could deign the project around what needs improving. This will help the students who are struggling on certain spots of a subject and help them master it. For example when a student creates a project, mainly one over the summer, there going to want to get it done as fast as they can and then they will create a lazy project and will not get a good grade. But if a teacher deigns it, then students will more than likely be forced to create a good project and get a good grade on it.

Procrastination is a big thing with students in high school and college. Students will procrastinate until the day before something is due. If students were the ones designing this project, they would procrastinate until the last day then not know where to even begin because they have no instructions. Students will end up proposing something bad or maybe dont even do it and start the school year off bad. But if students procrastinate until the last day and have instructions, then they will most likely end up doing it and most students will end up making a nice project.

On the other hand, Students, that are always on top of their work, will want to create their own projects. Students creating their own projects can be a learning experience if they want to become a teacher. Students will be able to put their own spin on the project. But its not all positives, other students that procrastinate a lot will have a hard time creating and starting a project. Or some students will do an easy project and then the project pretty much become useless.

In conclusion, teachers should be the ones who design summer projects because teachers can create projects better than students can, teachers know what student need to improve on, and some students wont finish the project before school starts. Most students who procrastinate wont have much of hard time if they have instructions and dont have to start from scratch. This will help students improve on what needs to be improved. Also some students might end up mastering the topics they need to improve. Others will think different and want to do the project by themselves, but thats not the best idea if they want to get a good grade.                    