Students have a higher chance of catching a virus during school hours. Viruses could easily spread to others by touching or any other types of physical interactions. It's not easy to cure a virus and some viruses could be deadly, like the Coronavirus. A lot of people, mostly students in Wuhan, China are getting this virus and most of them claim it spread through physical interaction. The virus is spreading quickly and now we have many cases and few deaths in the U.S. Even though it is very important to be interacting with other students when you are in school, a single touch could possibly harm you. Some people believe that distance learning is not beneficial since students need to interact with others; However, being able to attend classes from home is a huge advantage and a good way for students to avoid catching any type of virus.

Many schools offer distance learning only for students who needs it. Some schools offer it as an option for students who wants to attend classes from home. Students can easily attend school classes either online or by video conferencing. One of the advantages of distance learning is that, students are not going to wait on their buses early in the morning when its cold, foggy, and rainy. Instead, they will be sitting at home feeling cozy and safe while doing their school work. However, in winter, when students enter the school building it's usually very warm and when they leave it's really cold outside so they end up catching a cold. That leads to parents having to spend money and take their children to the hospital. In the hospital there are many sick people around so students could catch viruses easily. Distance learning could also help parents save up money and not having to worry about taking their kids to the hospital because students are less likely to get sick and catch a cold when they are at home.

Since the Coronavirus is made out of many different viruses and germs joined together, being outside when its cold or being around many students could be dangerous. One way for students to prevent themselves from catching this virus is by washing their hands all the time. because this virus could also spread through droplets when coughing or sneezing. Students always forget to wash their hands after they cough and when they touch other students they spread germs. Parents, however, are always reminding their children to wash their hands before doing anything. When students attend classes from home they are spending more time with their parents. Therefore, students will always be reminded to wash their hands. That way they will be safe and prevented from catching or spreading any germs.

In conclusion, distance learning or attending classes from home is a beneficial advantage for students to look forward into. It's not only a good way to protect students from catching or spreading deadly viruses, It will also help parents spend less money when it comes to hospital bills and school supplies such as backpacks and books. Also Students are going to be around their family and pets which means they are going to feel more happy doing their school work. They are not going to sit around watching the clock waiting to go home because they are going to be already home. By staying home and attending classes at home, students aren't going to be catching diseases and then spreading to other people. Clearly, they aren't going to be harmed or harm people. Distance learning is the best start that that will take us to the solution to those deadly problems.