Most students that are in summer break have other things to do over the break which in this case doesn't work for them. This is why they should implement a student designed project. The project would work for students during the break since the students can set the project on how long or what time it is. A student designed project would benefit the students in creativity and a overall better and fun learning experience. The student designed project helps with the time schedule and making sure to keep the students in check with their education and overall learning experience.

Usually the teacher designed project would take weeks to finish and students would cram it back to the last week of summer break and finish it then. Which causes more stress on the mind and that they have a deadline due on there break. As an example, I had a summer project in to do in sophomore year and I was planning to volunteer at a animal shelter for the rest of the summer. But in my case I get a big fat summer project which now I have to do in the least amount of time I have. This is why we should make the deadline pushed back so the students that don't have time to work on the project can finish the project in time and not get a bad grade for the first quarter of there class.

Students should get to brainstorm and idea of what the project they would want. That could be anything that works with the students. This idea would bring out more fun and wanting to do the project to the students and lets the mind work while not being stressed out. If you love doing something for you're work, then its not really work. The project becomes enjoyable and not time consuming.

Some key facts from the world education system is the Poland is the number one in education. The reason being is that they get to brainstorm projects over the summer and make something up by themselves and it works. They also do this during the school and they have no homework at all.

This is why we should make not just having student designed projects over the break but have them during the school year. This will benefit students in a whole lot ways that bring out the thinking and new ideas that may benefit the school or someone or something that needs it. We should be pushing forward new ideas that may help society in the long run. It could be anyone that could have a great idea.

In conclusion, student designed projects benefit the students and society which in turn makes you feel proud that you did something productive over the summer that meant something to you and others. Most people don't do anything over the summer which is sad because this a chance to do something that benefits them and they have all the free time in the world.     