Driverless Cars

Driverless cars could change the world for the better. They could make our lives easier and less stressful. Driverless cars could save lives, save time, and save money. These cars would be a great replacement for the manual cars used today. Driverless cars could benefit our society greatly.

This new invention of cars without drivers could save many lives. Each year thousands of citizens die, or are injured due to car accidents. These accidents are caused mainly by drivers. If cars continue to need drivers, many more deaths will result from this horrible choice. The drivers of these vehicles could be drunk, driving illegally without a valid license, texting, or distracted, resulting in car crashes. The possibilities as to why a person driving a car could get into an accident are endless! However, with no unsuitable driver at the wheel, roads all over the world will become much safer. If ,instead of a driver, the car is automated and drives by itself, people could rid the world of unsafe drivers. With these driverless cars, thousands of lives all over the world could be spared.

Driverless cars could save people time. According to paragraph two in the article, Google's driverless cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. Less crashes would result in less traffic jams. Without traffic jams, citizens would be able to get to their destination quicker and easier. Driverless cars could also save time by not having to constantly run into blocked roads. Due to the driverless cars being automated and controlled by an automated system, the system will most likely be able to detect the quickest route to the preferred destination. Therefore, driverless cars could be an advantage to us by saving us time.

With the invention of the driverless car, homo sapiens (humans) would be able to save money. The first product of the driverless car is not bound to be cheap, but as time progresses, the cost of this new car will eventually go down. According to paragraph one in the provided article, the driverless cars would use half the fuel of today's cars and would offer far more flexibility than a bus. Gas is a very expensive fuel. However, if citizens were to only need to pay for half of the money they pay for gas today, then they could save a lot of money that could be used for more important investments. Also, the driverless cars could result in less car crashes, which would result in not having to pay for damage repair. Overall, the driverless cars would not only your save life, but your money too.

The driverless cars could benefit our lives. They would be able to not only improve the way people live today, but they would also have the power to save lives, save time, and save money. This new car design could be the exact replacement, for the manual car used today, our society has been looking for. With these cars, students would also be able to focus on their schoolwork more, rather than on passing their driving exam. They could change life as people know it. The driverless cars would fundamentally change the world for the better.