I think that you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program. Most people think that all you do is work, like taking care of animals. However, there are ways for you to have fun while working. You can play games, read a book, or even see cool sights. Here are a couple of things you could do.

First of all, you can see many different sights and explore while traveling. I know that I have visited some really cool places, like seeing an excavated castle in Crete. You can also see many different things. You could see the beautiful, wavy water or see a beautiful sunset while you travel. Another place I think you should visit is the Panama Canal. So, if you ever get bored and don't anything else to do, you should some beautiful sights and marvelous places. You may never know what you see and even make new friends along the way.

Second of all, you could play games if you get bored. The Seagoing Cowboys program isn't just all about working for animals. It's about having fun and playing games. For example, I know when I joined the Seagoing Cowboys, we would play games, like table tennis, baseball, and even volleyball. You could also read too, if you would like. Where would you play these games, you ask? Back then, we would play in the empty holes where the animals have been housed.

Third of all, you could just have fun. You could read a book, play games, or even relax. Talk to the animals while you take care of them. If all you do is work and no fun, then you are going to not like being part of the Seagoing Cowboys. I remember when I did do a lot of fun stuff, but I had to do work first. I would like to tell you a very good story. One rainy night, after making my hourly report to the captain, I fell down the steps, but luckily I made it okay. I just couldn't work a couple of days because

I had cracked ribs. Trust me on this point. If you say to people that you had a great time, they would probably want to join too.

In conclusion, I made very good and understanding points. First, go visit some sights and places while you explore. Not only could you explore new worlds, but you could also meet new people and try out different languages. Second of all, you could play games. If you play games like volleyball and baseball, you will be more happier when you play games that if you just do work all the time and not have any fun. You will get bored and most likely not enjoy yourself all that much. Third of all, have fun. You should join the Seagoing Cowboys program for these reasons. Hope to see you there!