In order to encourage student to learn over the summer, some schools give out projects for students to complete over the break. The students should design the projects independently. The summer projects should be student designed so the teacher wont have to worry about finding a topic everyone will enjoy, the student will have to exercise their creativity, and the project will be more enjoyable for the student.

The first reason why summer projects should be student designed is so the teacher wont have to worry about finding a topic every student will enjoy. If the teacher picks a topic that some students dont like or struggle with, then the students will be less likely to put in effort. Therefore, the students should design their own project so they will be encouraged to complete it and work hard on it. For example, one year my class was assigned a poetry assignment over winter break, and when we came back to school only a handful of students had done it. All the students that did it all had interest in poetry. This shows that teacher designed project arent the best way to go when it comes to projects over the break.

Another reason why students should design their own summer projects is to encourage the students to get creative. If the student has to design their own project, they will have to think about it and use their creativity to come up with ideas. It is also important for students to embrace their creative nature, and designing their project is a fun and educational way to do it. For example, if the students are told to design a project, they will immediately start thinking of creative ideas that they will enjoy. Also, the students can show off some creative talents they might have, such as drawing, dancing, music, and more. The possibilities are endless.

The next reason why summer projects should be student designed is because the project will be more enjoyable for the student. Students typically want to enjoy everyday of their break, therefore giving out a project assignment that the student wont enjoy will make them less likely to do it. By letting the students design their on project, they will make it more enjoyable for themselves, causing them to learn better and put the work in. For example, many schools assign books for summer reading, but most students dont do it unless its a book that they enjoy. If the student picks the book they will be more likely to read and they will enjoy the assignment.

In conclusion, some schools give out projects for students to complete over the break so they can continue learning over the summer. These summer projects should be designed by the students. The students should design their project so the teacher wont have to worry about finding a topic everyone will enjoy, the student will have to use their creativity, and the project will be more enjoyable for the student.