Going to school everyday can be stressful and overwhelming. Most students dread going to school, whether its because of social situations, or personal reasons. They wake up in the morning and wish they could stay home but they know they can't because they can't miss class and they know that they would have so much makeup work. Having the choice to attend class from home would be very beneficial to students because working from home means a different environment, learning style, and schedule which can be a healthier way of learning.

The environment in school can be a little overwhelming and distracting. Each classroom is filled with so many students all talking and having their own opinion which can be a little crazy. The teachers do not always help either, sometimes they even make it worse. Personally, when I wake up I have that one class that I dread going to, its not because I hate the subject, but its because the teacher and my classmates make it hard for me to focus and want to get my work done. The teacher doesn't do anything but lecture and he gives so much work at once to where I feel so overwhelmed and annoyed because I can not focus in that class. I get very frustrated because I love math but I can not get my work done in that class with the teacher going on and on about a new unit which he isnt explaining well at all and the students all talking to the top of their lungs. At home the environment is totally different, where the student can get their work done on their own and in peace. Some people like it better on their own away from all the distractions of others and stuck in a building all day. Working from home is a better environment and being able to learn your own way can be so helpful.

Everybody has a style of learning that works best for them but not all teachers teach the best way for the students. Most teachers only teach one way of teaching which is usually lecture, while that may work great for some students it doesn't work great for all. I am personally more a hands-on or reading student, most teachers don't teach with either those. With working at home the student can see which truly works for them and can learn in different ways. While some teachers have the best intentions for their students some do not. It is sad to say that not every teacher wants their students to do well but it is true. At school if the teacher does not like a student they can be biased towards their grading, but if the student were to work at home their would be no chance if bias. Taking classes from home is a huge advantage for those they get affected by their teachers opinions. The student can see what way of learning works best for them and see when it works best fro them in their daily schedule.

In high school a students schedule can be a little overwhelming and very hard to mange. While some people may say that the teenage years is when you learn time management isnt wrong, but should be to an extent. Teenagers should not be so stressed out with everything going on to where they get depression or bad thoughts due to all the work and other activities going on. A student could have so many things going on such as sports, extra curricular, work, a long day at school, and hours of homework. Teenagers should have time to enjoy themselves and do things that interest them, rather then homework and school taking up majority of their time. Doing class from home could be very beneficial fro those who play sports or have a job because you can schedule the classwork around those activities. Planning the day out with what work you have to get done from home and then the other actives would be less stressful than not being able to plan out your day and only have 30 minutes if your own time. Being able to work from home would be a huge positive for those students having so much on their plate it would take out a lot of the stress in their lives.

Overall, attending class from home would benefit those students who need a better leaning environment, to make their own schedule, and to have a different way of learning. Having the chance to change the way of learning could have a huge impact on how everyone would be able to learn the way they want to learn. So many factors at school can also weigh into a students life and can impact them in a negative way. Having that option for those students who have had bad experiences at school would be so helpful to them. Every student should have the oppruninty to attend class at home and see if it makes a change in the way students learn today.