There are many benifits of limiting how many times you use your car some are.  Not driving a car can make you less stressed out in life.  Not driving a car can lower pollution in the air dramatically.  Lastly cars arnt as needed as before.  so not driving a car can actully be good for you in the long run.

First of all not driving a car can make you less stressed out in life."when I had a car I was always tense.  I'm much happier this way"(elisabeth roseenthal) by saying this she means that without a car to worry about it has made he less stressed out and much happier as a person.  "It's a good opportunity to take away stress said businessman carlos arturo plaza"(andrew selsky) in this article this man says it a good chance to take away stess about worrying about a car, the bills for it, insurance on the car or anything else in that matter.

Second of all not driving a car can help to lower the air pollution around you.  according ro one acrticle they stopped driving an estimate of four thousand cars and has dramaticcaly lowered the amount of smog(greenhouse gas) in there towns air.  so if you stop driving cars it will help to lower the amount of smog in the air of your city or in the community around you.  "The smog cleared enough monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on tuesday" in this article one city gave up driving lots of there cars for a while and doing so lowed the amount of smog in the air.

Third of all driving a car is really not needed for many things.  Why drive when you could just walk or ride a bike to where you are going there is really no point in you driving a car now and then.  Not driving but walking also opens more doors for buissness to be put in next to side walks or just in walking distance of your house.

So there are many good things that can come from not driving a car and those things are.  Not driving a car can make you less stressed out.  Not driving can lower the pollution in the air by alot. and finally driving is not intirelly needed for situiation.     