What are your thoughts of the "Face on Mars"? I think it is just a natural land form. I think it's just a landform becuase Earth has it's own form like mountains, so it could just be a mountain. There could be other theories that it isn't a landform, but I think that's what it is and here is why. Earth has techtonic plates, Mars might too, so far, we haven't found existing life on any other planets other than earth so Martians couldn't have built something like the pyramids.

To start off, Earth has techtonic plates we have known about them for many years and we know that the plates are always moving. With the plates always moving that's what formed the Himalaya Mountains and is what casuses them to continue getting taller. I think the "Face" on Mars is just and example of techtonic plates that are costantly moving and making the "Face" more definant every few years. Just the same way as the Himalayan Mountains not every year do we see a direct change in height with just our eyes. We have to measure it out to find out how much those plate techtonics have moved. That is what I believe is happening with the face, I think that since we aren't able to view it every year and measure how much more defiant it is that the year before or if it has even changed.

There's two sides to every argument here's the other side. If the face hasn't changed we could just asume there was life on mars that built it, but as technology increases and we can have a better view of the face and see how much more defiant it was from 1976-2001. It would be a more logical idea to think that it is just the planet moving or plates shifting. SInce on April '98 it was a cloudy day and winter perhaps alien markings were hidden by the clouds.

Although, as I continued reading in the passage, on April 8, 2001 a cloudless summer day in Cydonia they were able to get a second looke at the Face. In 2001 the resolution was much better and you could see the image more clearly. Garvin said, "As a rule of thumg, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the airplanes on the ground or the Egyptian-style pyraminds or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" The picture actually shows the Martian equalicant of a butte or mesa landforms common around the West in America. Since the photo can go up to high amounts of resolution and we should be able to see of there is proof of Marian life and their buildings, I don't think a real thing. RIght now the face looks like a natural land form.

To conclude my argument that the face is just a natural landform, I would have to say even though, there are some conspircy theories only one thing can be proven to be correct in science. Earrth has techtonic plates and so there's a great chance Mars does to, then only thing that could lead anyone to belive there was life on Mars would be the one photo that was taken in April of '98 when it was cloudy and winter. Lastly, there hasn't been any evidenve of life on Mars or any other planet, so therefore it was just a natural landform on the planet. 