The use of this technology called the Facial Action Coding read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it will be very benefitile for the schools. The schools needed this technology to identify the emotional expressions of the students. Sometime things happen in school that the teachers don't know about; they don't know how their students are feeling. There are three benefitile about this technology. The Facial Action Coding System help the teachers identify the emotion of their students. The second is, it really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much the computer can do. The third is, it will help you tell if the person that is the most important to you is sad or happy.

The first reason is the Facial Action Coding System is valuable because it help the teachers identify the emotion of their student. It said in the article "a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored". Some of the students in the school won't talk about how they are feeling in the classroom, and some of them would be scared to ask question when they are confused. The new technology would help the teachers so much on how to find out if their students are understanding the works they did in the classroom.

The second is, it really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much the computer can do. Imagine a computer that knows when you're happy or sad. Everybody in this world needs someone that could tell if they were happy or sad, so they would feel like someone is understanding them at lest. " Eckman has classified six basic emotions; happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness". These are the great things Eckman has classified that can help us and make us smile.

The third is, it will help you tell if the person that is the most important to you is sad or happy. Sometime we can tell that the person is happy or sad, but we can't not tell it all the time. We can makes the wrong assumption about a person by the look on their face.

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System is very valuable to read the emotional expressions of the students in a classroom. For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. Of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. So we need the new technology to help telling us about a person feeling.        