Summer, the time every student looks forward to after being in school for several months. Unfourtanetly certain schools are requiring students to complete summer projects to assure they're continuing to learn during their break. There is a debate whether or not the assignments should be teacher-designed or student-designed. The assignments should be student-designed because their summer is already being interrupted by school projects, so the students having freedom with the project will motivate them to do it, the project will be more enjoyable because it will be a topic they like, and it will allow creativity.

Students will be disappointed that they go to school for roughly ten months out of the year, and the two months they do have off are filled with school related assignments. That's why having a student-designed project will allow the students to take a different perspective of the assignment. The students having a choice will motivate them to do the project because it will be something they enjoy. Most summer based assignments would be reading a teacher chosen novel and doing an assignment based off of it. No student wants to spend their summer reading a novel they don't find an interest in and then writing a paper about it. However they wouldn't necessarily mind doing an assignment if it corresponds with the vacation they're going on and a school subject they enjoy. Giving students a choice allows them to dig deeper and the outcome will be greater and it will allow a greater amount of success.

Another reason the summer projects should be student-designed is that students will find more joy in working with an assignment they like. Every student is different therefore they will appreciate the fact they get to do a project that appeals to them. This will also allow the teachers to learn about their students more at the beginning of the year, what they like, and what works for them. Students need a break to relax and let their brain interpret all the information they have learned during the previous school year, so loading them down with assignments is not going to help them recover. Having a student-designed project will give students the opportunity to learn and think about school but at the same time not be overwhelmed and have a negative outlook towards doing the project for school.

Having a student-designed assignment also allows the students to get creative and expand learning outside of the classroom. It will allow the teachers to see what the students are capable of. Additionally the teachers would enjoy grading the projects because all of them would be different. However the teachers will disagree and want a teacher-designed assignment because they will want the project to be organized and structured. Teachers would want to make sure effort is being put into the project and the students are retaining information from it. There will be many assignments during the school year for the teachers to plan assignments so during the break the students should be trusted to design their own.

Summer is what every student looks forward to, the fun vacations and plans they have. They're not going to want to complete a dreadful assignment. The students should be held capable of designing their own summer project so they will have more motivation to complete it, they will be able to find joy in it, and they will be able to think with an open-mind and become creative.         