Everyone, at some point in there lives, has made a decision. Whether it be as small as what to eat for lunch or as big as what job you want to have for the rest of your life, but some people try to get others opinions to help make these decisions. Getting opinions from other people to help make decisions can help with getting a different point of view , having more experience in a topic, and having more knowledge about a topic

.

Something someone might have that you dont is a different point of view(POV). Someone else might view someone differently,whether it be a better or a worse POV. You might have seen this person as a good person all your life but your friend might think otherwise. Someone else also might think of somewhere differently because where the live or have been. For example, you might think Orlando, FL is great place to visit and have a good time at but someone who lives there might think its annoying with fireworks going off all the time. Someone else might think of times or events differently too. For example you might think December is the best time of the year with all the holidays and family but someone else might think its stressful to try and please everyone. If your trying to make an important decision, try to get someone else point of view, it might help you.

Another reason you might want to get advice from someone else is is they might have more experience in a topic than you . Someone might have been around different people more than you. This means they might have social skills than you or can talk in front of a crowd better than you. Someone might have been different or more places than you. This might make them better navigators or know more things about place than you. Someone else might know more than you by what they do or have done for living. For example, if you want to race cars when you grow up dont ask a plumber how to race cars, ask someone who has experience in that industry. If you need advice always to try to get it from someone who has more experience in the topic than you.

In my opinion the most important reason you should get advice from others is if they have more knowledge than you about the topic. Someone else might have know more about people and how that act more than you. getting advice from them might help decide who to associate yourself with. Someone else might also have gone to school for learning about a specific topic. If you are also interested in the same topic they went to school for it will definitely help getting advice from them than it will be from anyone else. Someone else might have more information about a place than you. They can help you decide where to take a vacation to, what to do or where to stay on vacation. Getting advice from someone who has more knowledge on the topic will definitely help you make the right decision.

I think getting advice from other people is great. it can help you get a different Point of view on someone or something, they might have more experience or exposure to a topic than you, and they might just have more knowledge than you on the topic. So the next time you need advice make sure to consider what the people you are getting advice from have been through before in there life, it will effect the advice they give you. 