What is the point of having to ask people for opinions?

What happens when you ask people fro responses and also does it help you making a huge decision?

How you need to help others make a decision?

Having to make a huge decision is a pretty hard thing to do, because it may be the decision you are taking for your family , your friends or even for your self. It can be any decision because after you make the decision you might not be able to change your decision . You may have made a good or a bad decision and after sometime when you have made the decision you should not be regretting about the decision you made,instead you should be proud of the decision that you have made thinking that you have done the right decision. And this is a reason why you need to ask opinions from people and also tell people about your opinion when someone asks you something. One more thing that you need to remember is that you should always talk to people before you make the final decision.

For example let's say you are buying a house for your parents and it is pretty hard to chose a house because you liked all of the houses you have seen so far. Now the only thing you are thinking about is which house I should be buying , so now the first thing you should do is go to your parents and show them some pictures of the houses you have seen and ask which one they liked the most. Then you need to go to other people and ask their opinions but never forget to consider every one's opinion because it is a way you show respect to each other no matter what their opinion was , lets say even if you think their opinion was the most horrible opinion anyone has told you. The only way to be nice to people is by showing respect to them. So now lets get back to the topic , now you have asked everyone their opinion and then you sit down and think about the decision that you are going to make , finally you come to a decision and then you go and tell everyone your decision and then buy the house for your parents. This is how you make a huge and a very stressful decision.

Now lets say you have a best friend who needs to make a huge decision like moving to another country without their family and that is a pretty hard thing to do . Its really hard to live without your family for years and years together, there is never so much fun without having your family with you no matter what, even if you live with your best friend. So now your friend has got a job in Generic_City and their family lives in the U.S.A

,he doesn't know if he should move with his family or just go by himself , he can't either leave the job offer because it is a pretty big company so he comes and asks you for an opinion and you say that "I think you should take your family along with you if they are interested to go to Generic_City with you" .Then he goes to other people to ask their opinions after he has asked everyone their opinion he comes to make the final decision , soon after he tells everyone his decision and does the right thing for him and his family.

Do you guys see how people make huge decisions and the reason they are able to make such good decisions is because of taking peoples opinion. When you take many opinions you can combine it into one whole decision and that's the whole point of making a good decision and the decision that you made can be the best opinions of all the opinions you had asked. After you make a really good decision , you will be really proud of it and I don't think it will be so much harder when you have to make other big decisions too. But still if you can't make a decision you can always ask people for their opinion. They will also be happy to share their opinion's. And they also might help you a lot to come to a final decision.

Have you ever had to make a decision for your self or your family?. Well if I had to answer this question it would be a yes because, I moved here from Generic_City and it was a pretty hard decision to make because my sister got a college and it was her dream come true.

Even though I was born in Generic_City

I didn't want to come here because I lived in Generic_City for literally 10 years and I had so many friends but at the same time I wanted my sister's dream to come true and she was also born in Generic_City and had stayed in Generic_City for 10 years too. But she still wanted to come for college here. So I didn't want to break apart her dreams and then I asked many people for an opinion and finally I came to a decision and now I am happily in America and so is my sister . And that was my final decision and I really proud of it because even I am having and my sister I having the fun most , she has so many friends and I guess she has never had as much as fun she is having right now and I am really happy for her but at the same time I miss her the same because I lived with her for long.

Every decision you make always has an happy ending because you alwyas will make a good desicion and and after sometimes you will be so proud of the decision you made anad you will never forget the desicion that you made but sometimes you may not have made a good decision so always remeber to take an opinion so that you will not have to regret it after the decision is been made. And sometimes you may not want share your problem with anyone and you still have to make a decision, then you should ask someone who you trust.