Evolution is enevitable. Apparently car evolution is aswell. Some of us have dreamed of auto-pilot cars. Either when its snowing outside or just when we feel too tired to drive. Although the thought seems possible, how safe is it? Who will be blamed for hitting the car infront of you? How will it drive on ice?

Most states have made it illegal to have auto-pilot cars on the road. Probably because there are no true laws for non-human driving cars. "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fauly-the driver or the manufacturer?" The manufacturer is the one who designed the car and the 'driver' isnt in control of the vehicle. It is highly likily that the maufacturer will be at fault. This being so they will have to pay insurance on thousands of accidents. If an error occurs with a batch of cars and they all cause accidents they will probably go bankrupt or lose more money than they are earning.

No one wants to be injured going to work or on a family vacation. What if a auto-pilot car crashed into your car because their sensors went out? Likily the car will tell you when the sensors are dying, and that will cost alot to replace. "The infromation from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." In theory, this sounds great. Something is sure to go wrong though. Most cars already have recalls every week on seats or air bags. What if you get a recall saying your google car has a sensor issue? That sensors fail or don't sense far enough ahead to stop in time?

Most cars already have cruise control, a setting that maintains your speed without pressing the gas pedal. Even though you need to steer still, you are mostly assisting the car. "Google cars aren't truely driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents." One would wonder if a sensor cant detect cars while pulling out, atleast yet, will they ever be able to?

If these auto-pilot cars can not navigate roadwork through GPS they likily will never be able to get around without information telling the GPS system that. Cars will mostlikily never be totally driverless.

All in all, these cars will probably be more than cars are now. These cars will probably never be one-hundred percent auto-pilot. Manufaturers will lose more money when a product malfunctions than earn. There are more problems to go wrong with these cars than with normal ones to begin with. Cars should be only driven by capable humans. We are already beginning to be a very lazy society and need to be more handy and independent. 