When people ask for advice, some people talk to more than just one person to have a better choice . There purpose is to have multiple opinions so it is easier to make your choice based on the opinions. When you ask only one person, they will tell you the way they went, and it worked out great for them. When you ask other people, they will tell you their story, and you will get an honest opinion on what would work for you. People ask for advice from other people is to: Have more opinions, use those opinions and move them around, like a puzzle, and find out which one is best for you, not everybody else.

One reason is to have more opinions. People use more opinions to to filter them out. They have all these opinions, maybe they are all the same, maybe none of them are the same. Most people you want advice from, care about you and want to watch you succeed. There is another good thing about asking for more than one opinion.

Another reason is to sort those opinions out and move them around. When you have like seven or eight opinions, it is hard to use all eight of them. Sometimes you can smush all of your opinions into one. Other times, you can take out a part of the opinions and put them together and if you like it you keep it, if not take out other parts of it. One more reason for having mutiple people giving you advice.

The last reason is find out which one is right for you, not everybody else. If you need some advice, and you go to people, they will give you some advice. If you go to other people and you like their advice better, you don't use the person that gave the worse advice just because you like them, go with your gut. And when they ask you why they didn't use their advice, just tell them that you found better advice. These were the reasons to have other peoples advice.

Ultimately, you pick a lot of people to have a better outcome for your decision. When you ask other people, they will tell you their story, and you will get an honest opinion on what would work for you. People ask for advice from other people is to: Have more opinions, use those opinions and move them around, like a puzzle, and find out which one is best for you, not everybody else.