The old question has finally been answered, "Was Mona Lisa happy or was she just trying to trick her audience to think that she was." Now, thanks to technology, we are able to figure out how she actually felt. With hard work and coding computers will be able to tell how people are genuinely feeling. This technology will help in schools, working environments and more, people will be able to tell if someone is feeling upset, depressed, happy, bored or content.

In relation to Mona Lisa, the article explains that she is "83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry." This shows that the computer is advanced enough to identify emotions of a woman from many centries ago. Due to the study of human anatomy the computer is able classify emotions like "happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear and sadness." With normal identification skills if there was a mix of them people could tell exactly how others felt. For instance if someone got 68% sadness, 22% angry and 10% fear, then people could tell that the person needed help, or was not fine like they said they were. If computers with this technology were in schools teachers would be able to tell if there student were okay. Most students say there okay but with this technology we would be able to perceive if people need help or theorpy. It could change the world by helping prevent less suidcides and self harm or peer pressure and bad decisions. Although it seems this technology could only be in sci-fi movies, the article explains that "It's all about those muscular action units. They even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one." Even so, with human persection we can not read or figure out everything from people by what they say and how they look but with the extra help from technology we can get even closer. Nick D'Alto confirms that "To an expert, faces don't lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politican or celebrity isn't being truthful." Yes people have study this for a long time but the computer is just as capable without as much time. The computer reads peoples faces by creating a model and comparing it to the same persons face with no emotion and uses knowledge of the face muscles to determine one's emotions.

However, this technology could also do simple things within a class room like tell if a student is confused or bored or tired. In addition to this information from students schools can find what makes students want to get their education and can get them to enjoy and understand it at the same time. Nick D'Alto claims that "Dr. Huang predicts. Then it could modiy the lesson, like an effective human instructor." Accordingly, with teachers and technology working together it could improve schools for students and teachers.

With this technology it could help overall morality and acedimics within classes. It could also help human communication, and get people and computers to work together more than before.     