In this time, where technology is something that we need to live, educations is not an exception. Technology offer us many way to facilite our way to live, it can have many point of views. As a person that lives in the "Millenial" time, it can be very helpful to have an education online, but at the same time required a lot of responsability from part of the student.

Online education is something that is very flexible with our schedules, as an student, I attend school, but at the same time I have to work, so here is the point, with online education you have the facility to control all your schedule and also you can still have free time. But there is people that don't think the same, my father always told me that eduaction is the base of all, and in some way an online class its never going to be the same as a "common" class, it can have cons and pros. A con, is that when you are taking an online class you are required to buy all the material that you need, you do not have the accesibility to ask questions and be inmmediatly anwser, and also its cover some topic very "quickly". Pros, one of the major reasons why people choose online education is because, they have the control of their schedule, they can take classes in any place through smart devices like, Ipads, cell phones, etc. Another major pro, is the price, we can compare this two, and if you are going to get the same level of education by less of the price, it can be a major reason why people choose this option.

Now lest talk about tips to take an online course, one of the things that people should think about when they want to take any couse, or class online is their level responsability, during the last summer, I took the English 12 class, and the very first thing that my consuler told me was,

"It is a lot of work, be responsable!"

So one of the thing that you should make before the first class start is, make an schedule, create a time to start and finish each module of the class, also, take a time to make a little research of topics that you did not understand. Many of the times you are going to feel frustration, but the best thing is ti take a deep breath and keep going. I found these tips helpful because, apart of the classes, you actually are working in your own respondability, you are developing a new skill, however, we still have the common and conventional eduaction, and as well it has prons and cons, when talking about your "social like" this one is the best, why? you are able to create your socal group, people that is interested in the same thing that you like, you see differents poits of view, you are around people that can even help you with your future, while in the online, you sometimes don't even know who is your teacher. Another pro, is the fact that the institution that you are studing can bring you many opportunities, like, materials, jobs, schoolarships, etc. The cons of the regular education, you are required to follow a certain schedule, It can take many time that you can use for many other things, and sometimes you take classes that are totally unecessary.

We can see many difference in these two, but they have in commin one thing, and is that they both bring us education, we develop new skill, we learn new thing. In conclution, many school, colleges, universities, etc, are using these new way to lear, online eudation can give us a great level of eduaction, it can work more with our schedules, and its you basically can learn anywhere. Implementing online educations can benefit our young society, why? because they are going to learn about responsability, also, not many people have the opportunity to pay for a private and regular education that can cost sometimes 60% more, so we would be helping people with low resources to have an education. We have to understand that there is millions of students that work and have to study at the same time and sometimes they don't have time to turn their respectives assigments at the time they were required, however, there are many and very different options with online educations, some colleges, offer two years doing your carrer online, and the other two you have to attend the college, but paying less of the price. With online eduaction we can contribute a lot of talented people out there, and also many adults can take this classes while working, its is a benefit not just for teenagers, adults that want to have a diplome in an are that they like, but they coud never study, online education is the tool for these people, technology is a great advance that give many great resources that can help us daily. As an student I suppor online education,because it contribute with the development of my generation, and help many people with low resorces that don't have the acces to pay a regular education. 