In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" the author explains how a new computer software that can recognize emotions through the face works. It is pritty impresive and i belive that it can totally change the world into a better place. This new invension is the key to paradise on earth

This invention can be used for several things, including a reliable lie dictector. " by weighting the diffrent units, the software can even identify mixed emotions" nick (4). this quote means that we can see peoples emotions which means when the machine senses fear or denial we can actualy know if the person is telling the truth. this invention can be used in the court of law to stop criminals and to free the inocent. "Eckman has classified six basic emotion- happiness, suprise, anger. disgust, fear, and sadness" as of right now there is only six emotions that the software can read, but witth a little more upgrade it can start recognizing guilt, fear, inocense, dippresion and shame. who knows, this may even save a lot of people who wants to commit sucide.

Has of recently we have had a various amount of school shootings in the united states and we have done absolutely nothing to stop it from happening. i belive our leaders have two options to stop this madness and it is either they make guns illigal and contrabands or they domesticalise this software devises to every school, so we may know the intentions of fellow student who come to schools to shoot it up. "Of course,most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial traits that convey happy, worried, etc" nick (5).this quote proves that we can not really tell what people intentions are by just looking at them, thats why we need this device in every school, airport, churche, court, and even home.

This software could be added to phones. since it is a software it could be used by a phone camera, which means everyone should or would have it. you can finally now if your spous loves you before getting into a relationship, so it may not end up in having a fatherless kid due to divorce or beign cheated on

Altough tis could serve as a disadvantage to some people, by people knowing their buissness and knowing if they are lying or not it is still going to be for a good cause. life will be hard but there will be less coruption, deaths etc. after the whole prosses the new generation to come will be better than us, and thats what life is really about.