Have you ever wanted to seek others opinion on a choice that you had to make?.Seeking others opinion on a choice you have to make is right. I think seeking others opinion on a choice that you have to make is good,because people can help you make the right choice for your self,learn what they would do if they had to make the same choice as you,and learn new ways on making that choice

One way you can seek someone's opinion on a choice that you have to make,is by asking people what they would do if they had to make the same choice as you. by doing this you will known their opinion on making that choice. Most people don't ask others on what choice they should make,because they think that people would make fun of them on making a choice on a certain topic. For example when someone has to make a choice on if they would buy some toy against buying a video game. I too have been in that type of problem. Another example is making a choice between wanting to get something you like but there are more than one things you could get and your friend making fun of what you say you want to get. To sum up my first reason of why it is good to seek people's opinion on making a choice,because you then can use others opinion to make your choice.

Another reason of why you should seek others opinion to make a choice is to get help on making the correct choice. One way you can get help with deciding on a choice is by learn the steps of make a choice. One way I learned the steps of making a choice was from a book my mom had got me to read. The steps of making a choice are first think of all the choices you have,then checking which ones you like and they suit you,and finally making your choice!.One other way is to ask friends and family to help you decide on your choice. A example for asking your friends and family to help you make you choice is,One day you had went to the video game store and you see two video games you really want but you only have $70 to spend,so you ask your brother on which one you should get and he says the racing one,but you don't known if you should save more money so next time you get both or just buy one now.

Lastly,My final reason for why seeking others opinions to make a choice is right,because you can learn different ways of how you can make your choice. One way you can make your choices is by finding all the possible outcomes. Another way you can decide on what choice is by asking friends and family give you ideas on the different choices you have and which ones are the best for you. An example from my life I have is,one time I was going to the ice shop and me and my brother did not known what favor to get,so I said why don't we try the new favor,because we had not ate before,so I think my idea for what we should get was good,because I came up with a new choice that we never had thought of before.

In Conclusion,seeking people's opinions on making a choice is good. I think seeking others opinions on a choice you have to make is right,because you can learn what they would have done if they had to make the same choice,help you make the right decision,and learn new ways on making that choice.