Schools have offered distance learning as an alternative to going to school. Schools offering distance learning do so by way of online or video conferencing, these options have been given possibly due to students lack of attendance at school or a personal matter which involves them not being able to go to school in person. Being able to have these variety of options is extremely beneficial to a student due to circumstances they may be dealt and the routes they can take to keep their education up to par with their fellow students.

Albeit many students are not able to go to school due to personal issues there are alternatives given by schools to keep track on the necessary education required. Back when schools wouldn't give other options for schooling many individuals would be held back, now the reason why this isn't the optimal outcome for students and schools alike is because if you fail a grade you don't graduate in time which schools dont want you to do as not graduating on time hurts their rates and they want you gone as soon as possible to keep their graduation rates intact, now the reason failing a grade for a student is bad is due to exactly that, they fail a grade resulting in complications that can hinder their future greatly. Failing a grade is bad enough but instances where this can be bothersome is when their trying to get into a good college or they want to land a good job, this is why schools have given students options if they can't show up to school because both parties get hurt if that individual doesn't pass their grade.

Being able to have the necessary resources to take classes without going to school is extremely beneficial to a student. Whether a student got into an accident or had a child for example would normally keep them out of school due to the severity of the circumstance and possibly hold them back due to the amount of absences they have acquired,as sad as that may seem schools have recognized that many students can't even go to school due to their personal situations so they have made multiple ways to keep students education up to date so they wont be held back. An added benefit is if an individual were to get into trouble a lot and get sent to the schools office multiple times they would send that student to a special school for delinquents but because the schools have had new ways to teach students some of the kids that are supposed to go to special schools just stay home and catch up with online schooling for instance. Now negatives of having these options are that individuals may start to abuse it, for instance if somebody is assigned to online schooling they dont have to go anywhere to do it they can stay home, but some individuals may use this as an excuse to stay home and relax all day instead of doing what they're supposed to do, due to this there should be a few rules that prevent that from being the case.

schools who have offered distance learning as an alternative to going to school have done well as there are many circumstances students may be going through and having the opportunity to be able to stay in pace with their education is great for them and schools alike. And being able to have the necessary resources to take classes without going to school is extremely beneficial to a student. And although there are a few flaws to this system schools have given they are to little to take away from the significance of this approach.