It is almost eight o'clock in the morning. A student wakes up, looks at their clock, and realizes that they have overslept. They know they will miss their school bus, and no one will be able to provide another form of transportation to school. Even if they walk, it will take a while. That means another unexcused tardy or absence. That can all change with the option of distance learning. With distance learning, students will not have to worry about the transportation to their school, or be denied the opportunity to learn in a better way because they are out-of-zone.

At some point in all of our lives, we have overslept and been late for an event. As an adult, it is much easier since they can get in the car and drive to wherever they were supposed to be. However, it is much harder for children that rely on the school bus as their primary form of transportation. Once the bus leaves, it does not come back. Many parents have jobs and leave before their child does, so what can the child do to get to school on time if they have missed the bus? If they could stay home and have a video conference for class, it would eliminate the stress in the morning when they have missed the bus. Using an online classroom would also allow the children to get more sleep, which will then increase their productivity. Since they would not have to wake up earlier to get ready and go out to the bus, they would have extra time to sleep and wake up fully rested. Then, they would only have to get up from their beds, get their computer, log on to the application, and be prepared to learn.

It is quite common for children to miss out on great opportunities at excellent schools because they do not live close enough for the school bus, or do not have an alternate form of transportation. This causes children with extraordinary talents and smarts to be trapped in an environment that is not adaptive to their psychological needs. With the video conference classes, they will be able to have the chance to attend that school from home. They will not have to worry about how far they live because they will only have to open their laptop or at their kitchen table and begin learning. They will no longer feel like they are in an environment that is not challenging enough, or that their teacher does not understand them. Their lives could change drastically, simply because of distance learning.

Some critics of distance learning may say that staring at a computer screen is unhealthy for developing children, and that it can lead to a sedentary lifestyle. However, the children would be able to get the same amount of breaks they have in school, if not more. There would be the period for class changes, electives, and lunch breaks. During those times, along with allotted times from their teachers, they are able to take a break from the screen and stretch.

In conclusion, adapting all schools to have distance learning will benefit all children. The children that live farther away will have the opportunity to learn in a way that fits their mental capabilities, and the video conferences will eliminate the stress of rushing in the morning or missing the school bus. It would be a shame not to give the option of distance learning to all schools. There are so many children across the country whose lives could change from this specific learning style. We need to give these children the chance to learn in a better way so that they can grow up and exhibit their skills in the ways they were taught.