I think that policy number one is a better option because it allows students to have their phones at school. For example on the bus to and from school and then after school for practices or other extra things that they might have to go to. Giving them the ability to have them at school just not during learning time. This will allow them to get what they need to be successful in school but also while not learning or in class still be able to have the freedom to texts friends or other things they might have on their phones. Now, there are also some down sides to letting student have their phones at school. One of them is that say they are texting their friends at lunch or other free times they might get into a serious conversation and continue it during class which is disturbing the time that they are suppose to be learning. Another down side to it is that if they are at lunch texting their friends they are not be social with the people around them. Also something else is that they might be texting or talking to their friends from other schools who could be in class and in turn they are disturbing their learning time as well.

I think that policy two is not a good option because if a student were to have something after school or some other thing they participate in they will not be able to get a hold of any one during this. By not allowing students to have their cell phones in school is also brings me to what about on the buses their not learning there or after a practice to get a hold of their parents or a ride they are also not learning there either. There are also some up sides about it. One of them is that is leaves any and all distractions at home where they should be. Another one is that it allows people to get a better education and better grades because they don't have that distraction.

Therefore, I think that you should really look at both options very carefully before you pick which one you would like to set for your school, but I think that you should probably go with policy one, just because there are a lot of times that yes, students do need a cell phone for the important things just maybe they should keep them in their lockers until the end of the day when they need them.