Your assignment for today was to answer a question to a prompt that the teacher gave you. You have finished your answer and have gone up to the teacher asking for their opinion on your answer. They say to you, "Ask three before me." When you are walking away, you wonder why you should ask three students. "Why not one person," you say to yourself, "What's so important with asking more than one person?" Seeking more than one person for advice is extremely important because it can narrow down the right decisions; you can get new and creative ideas to implement in your own choices; and if one person gives wrong advice, asking multiple people can prevent you from accepting the wrong advice.

Seeking multiple people for advice can help narrow down the right choices. Sometimes, people want confirmation that their answer is correct. When students go up to their peers and ask them, "Is this the right choice?", people will respond usually with a yes or no and then give them pointers on the right way to the answer. The pointers that are given might work for some, but for others it might mislead them. Or, the pointers given might be too broad. Asking different people can narrow down those broad pointers until you're on the right track. When multiple people have suggested the same choice, or have given you the thumbs up on your decision, it would look as though you got the right choice. Asking others narrows down the different paths toward the right choice until you have the right decision in front of you.

Asking more than one person for advice can give new and creative ideas you may not have thought of before. On open ended prompts like this one, you can come up with different reasons or examples than the other person next to you. When you have others review your work, they can provide different ideas from your own. Sometimes these ideas might give a new take on the question you're answering. I know I've done this a lot. In group projects, different people working together can provide constructive criticism to one another, giving a fresh view on the topic you're working on. I often rewrite my work because of the brilliant idea that someone has given me. When you ask multiple people for advice, new and creative ideas can be provided that you haven't thought of before.

Seeking multiple people for advice can help eliminate wrong decisions that are given to you. Whenever I have math class, we're supposed to check our answers with others. On occasion, I receive advice that is different than my own. Instead of just changing it to that person's choice, I ask others what their opinion is on the question we are stuck on. When we ask around we find out that I was right in the end. I would have gone ahead with the wrong answer if I hadn't checked with more than one person. The importance of asking more than one person doesn't just give you right answers or provide new and creative takes on your choice, it also is a fact check so you and your partner don't end up with wrong decisions. It eliminates wrong advice given to you.

You go up to one person first and ask them the same question that you asked the teacher. They tell you that it could be interpreted another way as well. "Huh," you think. You hadn't thought of that before. Going up to other people with your question, they say the same thing. After you've revised it to what the others have said, one person says you're wrong, and you should change another part of your response. Going up to others, you find out that the advice just given to you was incorrect. Finally, the people around you say you've got the perfect response. Your teacher walks up to you and says, "Sorry about the wait, now what was it you wanted to talk to me about before?". You give them the answer you've been working on. "This is very good," the teacher replies, "Did you do this all by yourself?" "No," you reply, "I had the advice of the other people around me." Asking multiple people for advice can help someone make a better choice because it narrows down the right path towards the best choice, gives new and creative ideas that you may not have thought of before, and can prevent you from accepting wrong advice. 