It is hard to imagine car-free or car limiting cities, but it could happen in the near future. Many people like owning and driving cars. However, cars are causing major problems in some areas of the world, so we could see less cars in the future.

One of the biggest issues that cars cause is the carbon emissions that they release. In America, the second largest source of emissions are from cars (Source 4). This doesnt' seem like an issue to Americans, but in places like Beijing, China, which is one of the most polluted cities in the world (Source 2), emissions are very harmful. Citizens of Beijing have to wear mask when they walk around the city so that they don't get sick or poisoned from the carbon emissions. Even a 1st world country, like France, had carbon emissions that rivaled Beijing(Source 2). So as you can see, the emissions that cars give off could become a more serious issue in America, especially if you live in a place like New York City. If more cities become less congested, they will be much safer.

Speaking of New York City, cars are already a big issue. If you have been to New York City, you should know that the streets are so congested with traffic that it is faster to walk or ride a bike to get around the city. Not only are the streets congested, the air is very polluted from the emissions given off by cars. However, in Vauban, Germany, residents are giving up their cars for streets that are mostly "car-free" (Source 1). Few residents own cars and that means that the streets are quiet and clear and greenhouse emission have drastically decreased. Residents say that they are happier without cars and eaverything they need is within walking distance (Source 1). This could quite possibly be what happens to many cities and suburbs in the near future.

The last thing that I would like to fill you in on is that car ownership in America has been steadily declining. Research has shown that the number of young peole driving has decreased by 23 percent between 2001 and 2009 (Source 4). Because of this, many people use Public Transport to get where they need to go. This is likely due to the fact that many Americans don't have the money to buy cars, so they don't make it a priority (Source 4). Also, young people feel less inclined to drive because they can connect with their friends through the internet (Source 4).

By no means am I saying that you should not own a car, I'm am just explaining to you that a car-limited future is looking more and more possible. In many ways it could be very beneficial, but it still has a long way to go before I can see it becoming reality.    