Over many years, technology has become more and more advanced. Some of this technology has become so far that it can now detect human facial expression and determine what emotion they are expressing. This technology is called Facial Action Coding System (FACS) technology, and it enables computers to identify human emotions. This technology can have a positive impact in school classrooms today. FACS can help improve the way students learn in schools, they way teachers teach their students, and most simportantly, help teachers detect when a student is feeling confused.

One of the main positive impacts FACS can have in reading emotional expressions of students in a classroom is improve the way students learn. FACS can scan the facial expressions of the students in the classroom and determined if the majority of the students are confused by the leasson the teacher is teaching. FACS could then modify the lesson in a way that students can understand it and the teacher can then further clarify the lesson the way FACS shows it. As stated in pargraph six, "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instrctor", this shows how FACS can help teachers in the way they teach. This could also explain to teachers how to clarify even more the lesson to students that may be going through hard times.

Another way FACS can have a great impact in schools all around the country is by improving the way teachers teach their classrooms. FACS can detect many expressions on students in a classroom. It can detect whether a student is perplexed by lesson or simply just bored. FACS can detect which students in the classroom are bored by analazing their facial expressions. As stated in pargraph six, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored". FACS can then provide the teacher many ways in which they can make the lesson more interesting so that students can comprehand it better and in a more fun way.

The last way in which FACS can greatly improve the teaching environment in schools is by recognizing when a student is depressed or sad. FACS can detect facial expressions on students faces and determine if they may be going through trouble or are depressed. As stated on pargraph six, "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication". FACS could recognize when a student is not okay so that teachers can the help those students who may need help, wether that is emotional help or help with school work. FACS could even help save lifes by getting help to students who may be contemplaiting suicide.

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System can be extremely valuable to schools all around the world. This computer system can help teachers improve the way they teach their classrooms by analazing students' emotional expressions towards a certain lesson. It can help teachers by modifying their lessons in sich a way so that students are not bored or confused by it. Lastly, it can help teachers know which students may be going through hard times and help those who need help.              