I make mistakes. Lots of them if you ask my mom. Everytime I lie, say a word a should not have said, or say something mean. I find myself looking for advice that will help me fix what I have done. The people I ask for advice are my mom, my dad, my sisters, and my friends. I think it is important to seek multiple opinions to make the best choice because I need different points of view, I can see common answers, and not everyone is going to understand.

First of all, I need to see different points of view. My mom, my dad, my sisters, and my friends will all see a situation under a different light. For example if I lie, my mom, my dad, and my sisters will tell me to apologize, while my friends tell me to ignore the person I lied to. I may want to ignore the person I lied to, but I see my family's perspective and apologize. All of the advice I was given was for a good reason, but the different points of view help me see what the correct thing to do is. Getting different points of view will always help you make a better choice.

Secondly, common answers will show up. If a piece of advice shows up in everyone I talk to, then I see a common theme and know what to do. For example if I cuss, not that I have, everyone will advise me to think before I speak. In my opinion everyone giving the same advice makes that advice pretty common. Even if one person tells me to keep cussing, holding my tongue is the most repeated advice. Everytime I get multiple opinions, I always look for common answers to help me make the best choice.

Lastly, not everyone understands. We have all aggressively said the words, "You don't understand!" Believe it or not that is true. Not everyone understands or can understand what you are going through. Everyone has been mean to someone. That can not be argued against, but not everyone gets advice about how to stop being mean. When I get advice for how to stop, my family does not understand. They just do not get why I want to fix that problem. No matter how much I ask for their advice they will not give it to me. My friends, on the other hand, know what it is like. They understand why I do not want to be mean any longer. Finding people who understand will help you make the best choice.

In conclusion, when looking for advice you should look for three things. Different points of view, common answers, and people who understand. No one single person is perfect. We all make mistakes, some may make more than others, but in the end that does not matter. Everyone lies, cheats, steals, and cusses, so we all need advice. When I look for advice, I always seek multiple opinions to make the best choice.