_Dangers of the Self-driven Monster_

Do you want your life to depend on the driving of a robotic car? Although there would be reasons as to why these cars are useful, they aren't guaranteed to work. Driverless cars are dangerous because they are prone to malfunction, don't have a way to react quick enough, and is blind to certain things on the road.

Everything that is controlled by itself or some sort of robot is prone to malfunction. A car driven by humans is already dangerous enough! If one of these driverless cars was to malfunciton, the one to blame is the manufactorer. With the malfunctioning cars there will be conflict between an individual and the manufactorer. Not only does it cause conflict, but it could cause great damage to our society.

Most robotic things are quick, but they are not quick enough to react to something happening in half a second. If a driverless car were setup to react to an incoming car, it would just try to swerve around the car. If the car just swerves and there is another car on the left or right of it, the car would then hit one of those. If the driverless car just breaks to avoid hitting a car in front of it, and the car behind it does not have enough time to react and crashes into him. These cars would cause more damage by being programmed to, quote on quote,"React to an incoming car."

Not only is the car not quick enough to react to an incoming car, it can't see everything around itself. The car would have blindspots, just like humans do. If the car can't see to its right and a car is coming straight for him, Boom! There is another car crash. These cars would basically do everything a human does now. The only thing that this helps with is letting us be even more lazy than what we already are.

A self-driven car isn't as safe as people think it to be because they are prone to malfunction, don't have a way to react quick enough, and are blind to certain things on the road. You don't want your life and the life of your family in the wheel of a robotic, self-driven tin-can of death!