The use of the new technology called the Facial Action Coding System, that reads the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. Our world today mostly depends on computers and machines to do most of everything. Many inventors and scientist have discovered so many technological things and as the years progress, we get smarter and smarter and come up with more discoveries. Since we depend so much on technology, its a norm to use it, so mostly everything scientist, inventors and doctors come up with is valuable or useful.

Dr. Paul Eckman, the creator of this new technology the Facial Action Coding System, has worked with many other scientist and doctors to create this technology, that enables computers to identify human emotions. This is a very valuable technology that our world needs today. There are plus and down sides to this argument of the technology being valuable or not. It is valuable because it can be use for many things throughout the world, for example paragraph 6 states, "A classroom computer could reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored." This technology would help the teacher see what he or she needs to do to be able to make the class more exciting to make students learn and pay attention more. Paragraph 8 states, " To an expert, faces dont lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling politician or celebrity isnt being truthful." The technology would be valuable in a situation like an important election, where if a person running for something is lying about something, you would be able to tell using the help of the FACS.

In conclusion there are many reasons why we should or should not use the Facial Acting Coding System. We depend on technology most of the time, so this would be just another cool addition to our collection of discoveries we already have. Knowing the exact emotion of your mom, dad or friend from a computer software, would be very useful to see if there telling the truth or not. You would be able to know how they feel about you in many different ways. This could be really great for the furture, for parents, teachers, leaders and more. It could help us possibly come to discover more technologies and use them to create a better world. 