I think that the driverless cars should happen, they should pass a law to drive them on the streets. With of these smart phones, smart tv's, why shouldn't we have smarts driveless cars. These driveless cars can help us from causing more accidents, can help run traffic more smoothly. So what if the smart cars might need in active humans here or there, that is why we took driving test. If people don't want to do anything with the driveless car then they can go to the cars that you can drive.

In the 1980's, automarkes created the antilock brakes. Within 10 years they advances the brakes to detect and respond to any type of danger. Any more improvements can make driving safer even that the cars drive any tasks on their own. The Google cars werr driven more than half a million miles without crashing.

In 2013, BMW had announced that they developed the " Traffic Jam Assistant." They said that the cars are not developed enough to completely drive themsleves. The cars can steer, accelerate and brake by their self but if the can requires any human skills the car will notify the driver. GM made the driver's seat to vibrate when the car is near danger. Google's car will announce when the driver will be taking over. With all these heads up, there shouldn't be any accidents.

These driveless cars should not only be allowed to test in the State of California, Nevada, Florida, or even in the District of Columbia. The traffic law is saying that the only safe car allowed on the streets are in control human drivers. they are saying that the driveless cars might cause accidents becuase of a technology fail, humans can also cause acccidents. These cars were made to drive themsleve and to not make any accidents. Now if the car warns the human drive to take over and then they don't, and leads into an accident then that will be on the human drivers fault. The only way it should be the Manufacturer"s fault is if the car never gave a warning or if it had a technology fail.

These driveless cars should be going out on the market and allowed to be driven on. The automarkes are countinuing to work on the driveless cars to show the law and people that the driveless cars are safe to drive and safe to drive with. I still think that these cars are good enough to not cause any accidents and to drive as smooth than a control humsn driver. 