Have you ever needed advise on something in your life? You may have had a problem and needed input. Or you may have had to make a decision and needed help on deciding what to do. It helps when you talk to more people about your situation. When you need advise it is best to talk to multiple people because different people have different experiences, different people can help you see the different points of view, and hearing more than one solution can help you understand your situation more.

The first reason it is best to talk to multiple people when you need advise is because different people have different experiences. People tend to look at problems based on the experiences they have gone through and if one person has gone through something similar than they can tell you what they did. For example when someone asked me a difficult question I asked my two of my friends for advise. One of the had never been in a situation like that and did not know what to say. My other friend had been in a similar situation and she knew exactly what to say. Someone who has been through a lot in life can give advise based on everything they have been through. The different experiences will give you different options to look at. The more options you have the more likely you are to make a good decision.

The second reason it best to talk to multiple people when you need advise is because different people can help you see different points of view. When you talk to just one person about your issue, especially if that one person has the same opinion as you, than it can be hard to see the different angles. If you talk to lots of people they can point out different things that you may have not thought about. When I wanted to end a relationship I talked to a lot of different people about the best way to do it and they made it easier for me to see the point of view of the other person. Seeing an issue from different points of view will make you realize more about the issue and make a better choice. Also seeing a different point of view will help you make a choice that benefits all the people the problem is effecting.

The last reason it is best to talk to multiple people when you need advise is because hearing more than one solution can help you understand the situation more. Sometimes you don't fully understand everything your going through and hearing lots of peoples input can help you understand everything better. For example if your talking to someone about what you going through and they tell you how they see it than you would understand everything more. The more advise you get the more people are talking about the problem and the more you understand everything. It is important to understand everything because if you don't then you may make the wrong decision.

In life you will have problems that you need advise on. One person does not know everything so they can not give all the answers. When lots of people give you advise it helps you a lot more. The more input you get the more likely you are to make an informed decision. If you need help it is better to ask multiple people about it because people have been through different things, people can help you see the different angles of the problem, and the more advise you get the more you understand your problem.           