In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author shares many key facts to explain how worthy but dangerous exploring Venus would be. In the pasasge the author shares the life risking ways Venus could be ,but he or she also shares the importance and information gaining ways of how worthy exploring Venus is. The factors of how dangerous Venus is may not set us back from exploring and investigating the factors that Venus provides.

Venus has a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide that blankets the planet. The passage states "even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. The author already shared 2 of the most dangerous features of the planet ,but is still wanting to explore. The conditions are more extreme than anything humans encounter on earth , but this could help scientists investigate how closely related it could be to earth.

Venus is refrred to as ''Earths twin". The passage gives us ways how eath and Venus are similar and differant. Putting aside the dangerous attributes of Venus it just has to be worthy of exploring ,because earth really was! It gives us a place to live and expand. How awesome would it be to do the same on Venus?

In pharagraph 4, it states "Long ago Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life". This was a good supportive fact for the author to help us understand why this is to worthy of discovering. The passgae also includes that today Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. But how do we know? We have to keep an open mind to the information given to us about how dangerous this could be.

Venus has the hottest surface out of any planet in the solar system. The author shares that there are erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes ,and many other dangerous factors to add. This informs us that if Venus is so worthy to discover, we need to find safe healthy ways to do so.

NASA is working hard to find ways that it woud be posible to explore Venus. In paragragh 6, the author includes "However, peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cant penetrate the dense atmosphere" ,this tells us there are still major set backs. NASA continues to research on differant approches to study Venus. They are striving to meet the challenges of Venus and its danger .so they can prove it could one day be like earth.

There are many facts shared in this passage to help us believe that Venus is important and worthy of exploring. Like the author says "Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. The author wants us to believe him or her, and she does this by supporting this with claims and true facts on the topic. He or she proved no matter the factors of how dangerous Venus can be we can't be set back from exploring the factors that Venus shares.                 