I believe that students would benefit from distance learning. Some students need more well focused attention and help than others. From my public school experience so far, I have witnessed kids not learning everything they need to know including myself. I believe that this happens in public schools because the teacher has two- hundred other kids to focus on as well. Online school at home could be very beneficial for students to take more opportunities and time they need to learn and understand a subject.

Video conferencing is a great idea because, not only is the student being well focused on but he/she has more time to ask questions without being laughed at. Bullying is a lot more personal and harsh these days. Students that have no motivation to get out of bed and go to school because of bullying will especially benefit from distance learning. Bullying seriously leads to students not attending school and skipping. Online school is an opportunity to prevent these issues.

Distance learning is a great idea and I think that all schools should provide this opportunity. Not only would more kids graduate, more students would have a better life in the end. Collage is a very important opportunity that every kid should be in the grasps of. Even if that means attending classes from home. I don't see why any parent or school should be against this academic opportunity.

From my point of view I have the opportunity to attend my classes from home. Myself personally I enjoy public learning and socialization. It's nice to know if i ever have any problems in public school I can transfer to distance learning. If anything it's more beneficial than it is harmful.

I don't expect everyone to agree with this particular opportunity but, it's a topic every parent should take under advisement. Especially if their child id struggling in any way. For example physical abuse from other students does happen in public schools. Mental abuse also occurs as well. Public schools can be very challenging and hard for some students. Attending classes online from home is a great way to avoid physical and mental abuse if it is occurring.

As a student myself speaking, I hope that all guardians never shut down the idea of distance learning. I believe that any child can and will benefit from this opportunity. Some public schools are just to challenging for some kids and can be very difficult to get through. Now after stating all my points and opinions on distance learning, I hope that the idea stays open to all students and families that ever need it. 