What good, on our own, are we to ourselves? In the incomprehensible and seemingly infinite amount of information that has been generated in this world, as independent entities humans cannot understand it or navigate this overload of knowledge because we get too tangled in the weeds of our thoughts to make any sense of it all. Even in simple math problems, how many times have we gotten confused by our own extensive work before a teacher easily shows us that to finally solve said equation we just have to remember to subtract a two? Humans are extremely social creatures, and the language we've created between each other is possibly the most fundamental ingredient to our success as a species, which is why we should seek the advice of many people in order to overcome the Dunning-Kruger effect, detect and eradicate bias, and to generate an exponential combination of said information.

There is a phenomenon known as the Dunning-Kruger Effect, whereas there is a threshold of the knowledge someone may have that grants them much confidence in their manner of speaking in that area without a legitimate amount of knowledge in that area. Put otherwise, people learn enough information to think they're right without knowing enough information to tell if they're wrong. In addition to the Dunning-Kruger effect, there is a sort of hierarchy of skill set well know in psychology. In the bottom of this hierarchy is an unconscious lack of skill, followed by a conscious lack of skill, proceeded by conscious skill and topped with unconscious skill. While as a whole this measurement of skill is very interesting, all we need to know now is that the only way to move from an unconscious lack of skill to a conscious lack of skill is through a teacher because we cannot find ways to improve ourselves if we don't know there's anything to improve. The same could be said for overcoming the false confidence one may feel via in the Dunning-Kruger Effect. In combination of these two things, one can see why having advice from an external force in general is so necessary.

As for seeking advice from varied sources, a combination of different sources can, first of all, help you detect bias. Confirmation bias is when people choose only to listen to others that support their point rather than listening to possible sources of their criticism (obviously done for reasons of self gratification). To avoid falling into an echo chamber filled only with the information one wants to hear, one mustn't simply listen to a singular source, especially if that source only supports what one wants. In order to gather a completed amount of information, one must seek also to find sources that may give neutral and counter confirming information to what is wanted to be heard. Only through the utmost opposition of disagreeing sides can the truth be completely evaluated (this is why lawyers are so important).

There is also a major benefit to accepting advice from varying degrees of experience and opinion, rather than just its ability to help us avoid the danger of bias. Sir Isaac Newton once said something along the lines of, "I can see far only from standing on the shoulders of giants." Science is possibly the greatest example to use when displaying how information builds on itself. Scientists use the information of their predecessors to do previously unthinkable things (such as being able to harness fission and create hellish weapons, or the creation of our hyper linked internet, or even our ability to seemingly have complete control of the creation of conscious life itself through the invention of the birth control pill). Science had even advanced so much that the famous philosopher Nietchze proclaimed "God is dead!" as humans now found themselves as the gods in this universe. Just as the legendary landmarks of landing on the moon and creating vaccines for dangerous diseases were done through the exponential accumulation of information of many scientists, likewise we can use a diverse range of advice to build everything we had been told on top of itself, creating an exponential increase in our own knowledge in comparison to what our advisers had known.

On our own, sometimes in our own thinking we can get too caught up in the weeds to ever step back and cherish the whole field, and even when our teachers lift us up to cherish the field, even they may not be able to show us the beauty of the valley, and the mountains, and the clouds. It is through the communication between a vast intellect that we find truth and direction. It is through all of the people around us that we may see past our ignorance, and, for this reason, we must seek the advice of multiple people in order to overcome the Dunning-Kruger Effect, detect the truth in bias, and exponentially accumulate the information of the world around us.        