Dear, TEACHER_NAME

When helping other people you get that warm feeling inside of you. That is what all kids should feel. All students from grade 5 and up should have to participate in community service because it will help out the needy, give back to what others have given to you, and maybe meet some new people. There are a lot of people that need someone's help in the world.

If students would just give back then they would see how great it is. Needy people just get so happy when you help them out a little. Just the tiniest things could make a huge difference to them. Even if you would just help out at a soup kitchen, or something like that . All students need to just have a full 48 hours of community service in a year. If a whole school from grade 5 and up did that; well that would just make a huge difference in your community. you could participate in building shelters for the homeless, even as I mentioned before to work at a soup kitchen, or even donate things to Goodwill or The Salvation Army. Many people have given up a lot for you, so why not give back to them.

Even if you are poor you still have to pay school taxes, and other taxes that provide things for you. Kids do not realize this and just take things for granted. I will admit that I do this sometimes, but that is because I forget about all the little things too. If students would just take the time to see these things then they too could make a difference. As long as you have a home then you will pay the school taxes for the area you live in. Why not just give some money to charity, or to a family in need. This could help them out a lot; like providing for their family, so they don't starve or become sick. If all kids did these things then they would help keep their community a better, and safer place to live. Some people give back to a community just for the fame of it.

Just because you get recognized for something charitable doesn't mean you have to brag about it too. If you get recognized for something, don't get greedy about the fame. Just do it for that warm feeling inside your stomach. I know that is what most people do it for, but there are those greedy people that don't. When a student does a charitable act of kindness then they shouldn't take any awards or anything for it. That would prove how good someone's character is; not by what they get or have, but by what the do for things that they get or have. That is how good people are built. They do things for others, and not themselves. When you get that warm feeling for something good then you know that your conscience is pleased with you.

I will admit that I have not done many charitable things in my lifetime, but that is because i haven't been urged to do those kinds of things. That is why all students in grade 5 and up should have to do community service because you can help the needy, give back to what others gave to you, and you get that warm feeling inside of your stomach. this is how i feel about community service in our school.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME