Imagine this. A world that caused you to suffocate when you opened your house door. No this is not a water world, just the poison-filled atmosphere caused by the doing of the last century or so. Since cars entered the time of modern technology, pollution began. More and more people purchased cars for their own wishes, desires, and/or conviniences that continously added on to the killing of the world. Now go forward in time. We're in the 1960's. This is the time scientists started to understand that the ozone layer began to appear with holes in it allowing dangerous U.V light to enter. This U.V is causing the water to rise, is now one big source of skin cancer, and many different detromental factors that destroy or will cause the destruction of a panoply of environments. All of this due to a good amount humans not having the energy or the will to find other means of transport.

"In German Suburbs, Life Goes On Without Cars." So is the title of a fantastic article written by Elisabeth Rosenthal which shows that even an area with (I like to say) beautiful cars can survive and thrive rather well. Rosenthal is a fighter against the car epidemic, you can say. Rosenthal writes this article explaining how a small part of germany does not need cars to survive. The opposite, in fact; the survival of that little habitat is becoming powerful on the thriving scale. Rosenthal intelegently implements the opinion of a mother of two in this article. The mother, Heidron  Walter, states " When i had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Now, we can all agree that most moms usually have places to be prevalent to their children. As you can see, Haidron seems to be just fine. Not only is Haidron doing well, apparently, but she is now a source of the rehabilitation of this Earth.

Since we're in the area of Europe, what of the beauty and the capital of the world of love; Paris? Well, according to Robert Duffer's article on the pollution of Paris, there was a small outbreak of smog given off. In the very first sentence, I read a jaw-dropping sentnce that said "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." Looks like the beauty of Paris was lost. Dont' worry though, your honeymoons will still be available in this city, thanks to that partial ban. In fact, if the smog were to become more of a definite factor in the environment, then it would of broke the record in Paris for that particular reason. Sadly, that was not all that was concluded from this observation; ", after five-days of intensifying smog...[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world," concluded Duffer. Incredibly, this did not occur due to the fact that cars were simply at the off position, which is a way of change that you and I can easily achieve.

Enough of the safety of the ozone layer, what about your safety in a car? Did you know that the percentage of you entering a car and driving inreases your chance of getting in a car crash? Pretty obvious but you never thouoght of it that way have you? Now, think of this but the statistic will be towards your child/future child. Everyday, a teenager dies of a head on collision. May it be a drinking problem, texting and driving, or a simple mistake, either way, someone has been lost that day. Families lose a big part of them, a future is lost, an education that could've been used one day. Gone. Rosenthal states in her article "The End of the Car Culture" that 23% of young people have stopped driving between the years of 2001-2009. If I was a father, I'd add on to that statistic of 23%, not the other statistic...

You may be a brother, a sister, a friend, a father, a mother, but you are human. As human, it is your responibilty to stop our foe, greenhouse gases and U.V light. The time of gasoline cars have ended and we have entered the era of higher, more environmentally friendly versions of cars. Thes cars are detteriorating the world with malice. Now with the help of all around the world will be much more beautiful. Now, Imagine this. A utopia filled with vibrant colors and vigorously jubilant people on the sidewalks of the world. People without the addiction of cars. People laughing, enjoying themeselves, living, and of course, breathing.                                                                                                                                                                    