Texting & Driving

Texting and driving is against the law. It's very dangerous and has caused many accidents and deaths in the world. Being distracted on your phone while driving is not only unsafe for you, it also puts other people around you in danger. You might think you have everything under control but you never know what might happen. Paying attention to the road is so important and the first priority. You can never give full attention to the road while being on your phone.

Texting and driving is dangerous in the world because you can lose control and cause a incident. Due to texting and driving, 1.6 million people a year have been killed or seriously injured. Statistically, we can see that texting and driving is one of the top causes of car accidents in the world.

If you know the data on texting and driving you wouldn't want to take the risk. The person your trying to contact is not worth the consequence of taking someone's life or your own.

One of the many consequences for texting and driving is a fine you will have to pay if you get caught. Texting and driving is against the law in all 50 states. Any driving courses you may taking the dangerous of texting and driving are stressed. Even if you it was unintentional you will be charged with murder if you kill someone while texting and driving. The law should be very important incentive to not text and drive.

The guilt you will feel from taking a life by texting and driving could be unbearable. Knowing that you killed someone from texting and driving would be so devastational. The fact that you could of prevented the accident by just paying attention to the road makes the accident so much harder to deal with. Distracted driving incidents are easy to avoid; just don't use your phone while driving. Thinking about the damage you would cause from a car accident, will make you pay attention to the road.

Distracted driving is dangerous for everyone around you. There are many consequence to texting and driving. Fatal accidents is the worst outcome of them all.

Another incentive to not do it is the fine or the incarceration you may receive. Being distracted behind the wheel is one of the biggest issues on the road.                    