Hello, I would like to talk about the Electoral College. I think we should change to to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. I feel this way because i don't think it's fair for the people running for president or for the people voting for president.. Or fair to the people of the United States. Your votes go to somebody that decides for you, how is that fair?

As it is stated in source 1

,

number 2

,

"The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and

Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress."

Wouldn't it be much simpler if we all voted for president and which one has the most votes is president? Why does it matter which state had so many votes and etc.? It just seems to me that they are making things more difficult than they need to be.

If you didn't know, as they state in source 1, number 5,

"Each candidate running for President has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party, but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsiblities are. . . ."

Do you see the little things they run into just to be able to run for President? One other thing I noticed was that it said they varied. You usually want to stay the same when you're doing something so serious.

I just don't think it's right. Also you can win the popular votes and still not be elected. I think there should just be one vote and who ever recieves the most is our new President. One thing that caught my attention from source 2, number 14, was

" It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. And the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best. It's hard to say this, but Bob

Dole was right: Abolish the electoral college!"

This person seemed so angry t o me and I can see why. All of the things that they were talking about are unfair. The electoral should be abloished. There is no need for it. It doesn't help us, it just makes things more difficult.            