Dear Principal,

I think it is important to do community service because it helps other students and the environment by planting trees and plants.

Not every community service has to do wit helping other students, it can be about helping clean the beach, planting a garden, or helping your neighbor. i think all students should do community service and it is not a waste of time.

Other students should do community service because they can help other students learn things or help them under stand what they are learning. not every community service has to deal with helping them but when you help someone then you feel proud . some kids like helping others and some don't, but it is good to help the community.

When a student helps out another student they feel glad and will want to continue with helping other. when students help other students then the community builds stronger and probably became more peaceful.

I think all the students should community service because they can help the environment.

Like cleaning the beach, so bottles don't hurt people and animals. Also when people live plastic bags some animals might think it is a jellyfish and eat it then choke on it. You can also help plant garden that can grow food like carrots that are healthy. Also the food that grow in the garden are healthy to eat and it would be fun picking the plants that are ready to eat.

Community service can also be about helping a neighbor. like help them plant a garden so they don't have to go to the store if the don't have time to go. you can also help your neighbor by clean there yard or mowing it.

Helping your neighbor can be useful because then it can help the neighbor and it would be better then staying home and do nothing .

I think all students should do community service because you can help other students if they don't understand what they are learning about. also help clean the environment by planting a garden so everyone can pick the plants when they are ready. clean the beach . you can help out your neighbor by mowing their lawn if their old or help them plant a garden so they don't have to go out to the store all the time when they run out of vegetable.