Dear Principal,

I've heard that you have 2 new cell phone policies in mind for the school. One policy say that you will allow the students to use our phone only during our lunch time and the other is that the students anot allowed to use them at all. In my opinion, I think policy number 2 would work out better then the 1st one because how will kids focus cause they'll use them during there class time. Second something can happened to the phone it can get damaged.

First, I'd say no one will follow the rule of policy number one because giving them the opportunity to at least use the phones during lunch time, they'll take advantage of it by using it in class texting each other back and forth. If students get caught with the phone somewhere else other than lunch, they'd make up a lie. Maybe they'll say " I was texting my dad or my mom" which we'd know is one of the most common cell phone lies ever used. They may disobey the rule and text on the way to call or in class even, then the phone will be taken. Plus the students wouldn't be able to focus on their work if their to busy looking at their phones reading a text message from one of their friends most likely the ones 2 inches away from them. That's why there are so many schools that are C' s

D' s and F' s, because the students are to busy reading a text message and not a book.

Also, what could anyone do if something happens to the phone or a situation happens involving a phone, what could you do then. Lets say a female student decides to send a young man some pictures of her self, then he sends it out to the school and then the young lady comes crying to you or another staff member, there's nothing what so ever we can do about it that was what she did that had nothing to do with the administration. Another situation can happen. lets say somebody lets another student hold their phone during school hours then all of a sudden the cell phone goes missing, out of no where. Then the cell phones owner bring their parent out to school and asks you to make the student give her the phone back. Again there's nothing you can do you didn't see what happened you have no real prof that the student gave the young lady the phone.

There are many reasons why you should use policy number 2 instead of one. Stuff happens that teenagers do but, you can't do anything about it. So any electric device shouldn't be allowed on the campus what so ever, if it is visible it'll be taken from whom ever has it not matter who's own it is. Also we want our kids to focus get their grades up some may have A' s and B' s but is it a high "A".

Sincerely,

Your Co-worker'