would using cars less improve our lives? in frnace they enforced a partial driving ban after days of near-record pollution. which is a smart idea to have a partial ban to clear the air then after that has been done they could organize something to help not have this happen in the future. they could have a day dedicated to walking or running to get in better shape. nut they have resorted to something simular.

On monday motorist with even-numbered license plates have been ordered to leave their cars at their homes for the day while odd-numbered license plates were permitied to drive that day and they would switch off every day. seems like an effective plan. although you must always think about the people who dont follow the rules. For example a driver only aloud on tuesday due to his or her odd-numbered license plate drives their car on a monday. these motorist would be issued a fine of 22 euro which in american currency is $31. a large number of motor isnt were not please with this act. in result of this act almostt 4,000 drivers were fined twenty-seven of those motorist had their vehicles impounded for their actions towards the fine they recieved. either they refused to pay or they drove again when they werent aloud to or may have acted in a hostel manner.

congestion droped around 60 percent in the capital of france after five continuos days of intesifying smog. The smog debated between beijing france and china which is the most polluted city. people wanted to know what was to blame for this. The people blamed diesel since frnace has created a tax policy that is in favor of the use of diesel or the use of gasoline. Abgout more than half of frances vehicles are fueled by diesel. 53.3 percent average of vehicles are diesel engines in the rest of europe.

seeing all of these facts has made me come to a conclusion we all need to compromise to make our world cleaner. we have been blessed with this land by god and we shall usde it as we please but if we arent cvarefulo it could fall appart becvause of our carelessness towards or earth we call home. if we all divise a plan weither it be to create more eco friendly cars or have people who live close to school or work walk instead of drive. we can come together and help keep our earth clean. we all may be different. our color, our gender, our religion, but one thing is the same about us. we care about the earth and we want to keep it clean for future generations of humanity. we all share one world lets use it the right way.    