If we never do anything about the air pollution coming from cars will the human race last a long time? If you had to choose from killing yourself slowly or making the world healthier by walking instead of taking a car what would you choose? Many people don't understand the damage that driving all of the time is doing to our world. But, limiting car usage has many advantages that come along with it.

Limiting car usuage come along with many advatages. One advatage of limiting car usage is that you can limit the amount of smog that goes into the air and also into your lungs. In source 2 it says, "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. On Monday motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine($31)." That is a very good choice of action because without hearing that they would have any concequences people still would have drove their cars. In source 2 it also says, "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog..." So, by limiting car usage just by the even numbered license plates there was less smog in just one day. In source 2 it says, "The smog cleared enough Monday for the ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday." So, the success of just one day made people want to do it a second day with just the odd-numbered license plates. If they keep this up and eventually have a day where neither odd nor even numbered license plates can drive the smog will eventually clear all the way up.

Also, another advantage to limiting car usage is there won't be many traffic jams. In source 3 it says, "In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this captial city eerily devoid of ttraffic jams," meaning that everyone got around easily without all of the congestion in the roads. In source 3 it also says, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said the businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife." Traffic jams tend to cause alot of people stress. People stress because they can't get to important places on time, they spend hours on the same highway, etc. By limiting car usage, they limit their stress and have a good day instead of being so angry just because of traffic which will help them out in the long run because alot of stress isn't good for the body.

There are many more advantages to limiting car usage. In source 4 it says, "pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety." By just taking the little time to figure out a different, less polluting way of transportation all of these advantages come out of it.

Many people don't understand the damage that driving all of the time is doing to our world. But, limiting car usage has many advantages that come along with it. A way that I could pitch in would be to ride the school bus with everybody else instead of driving myself to school. Some advantages to that would be using less gas, saving money and carpooling so that there are less cars on the road and less air pollution, because we need the air to stay clean so we can breathe and stay alive. So by limiting car usage we can have many good things happen to our lives and to our world

.    