A Electoral College is a meeting of the electors where they vote for president and vice president. "The founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a vote in Congress and the elction of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." We should keep the Electoral College because of the certainty of outcome, that everyones president and the swing states. These are some reasons on to keep our despised method of the choosing the president.

We should keep the Electoral College because of the certainty of outcome. The certainty of outcome is a dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College. According to the passage " the reason is that the winning candidates share of the Electoral College invaiably exceeds his share of the popluar vote." For examples, President Obama recieved about 62% of the electoral vote when Romney had about 52% popular votes casted to him. Even a tie is possible because theres a total of 538 number of votes and its an even number.

Secondly,everyone is president. None if the regions has enough votes to elect a president so no favorite has power to campaign heavily. So if the favorite was Romney he will not gain any vote by by increasing his plurality in states that he knows that he will win. According to source three."the residents of the other regions are likely to feel disenfranchised-to feel that their votes do not count,that the new president will have no regard for their interests,that he really isn't their president."(Line 19) This means that the people who vote will think that its a waste of their time since their vote will not count. They will be ignored knowing that their vote will have no interest and that the president wont really be thier president.

Thirdly, we should keep it because of the swing states. The swing states is a winner-take-all method. Voters will pay more attention to the campaign because they know that they will decide on the election. They will be known as the thoughful voters because they will have recieved the most information and attention and should be the ones th decide the election. The other people wont know alot abnout the candiadates and will just pick their favorite.

Some people might argue about the disator factor. Its where there is a tie between the states. They might say what will happen then? However, thats why there is representatives. They break the tie on who to become president.

In conclusion,we should keep the Electoral college because of the certainty of outcome, everyones president and by the swing states.    