Venus, the second plant in our solar syetem, sometimes called the "Evening Star," is one one of the brightest lights in the night sky. Venus is also often referred to as Earth's "twin," since Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. Since its distances is close to Earth, scientists have wanted to study and examine this planet up close, but this would prove to be dificult. Each mission to Venus was unmanned, and for good reasons, since many spacecrafts dont even survive the landing for more than a few hours. This explanins why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades. In the following paragraphs I will desribe the dangers that are on Venus, why scientists want to study the planet, and what are some new approches to studing Venus.

Their are a lot of reasons why humans can't travel or study Venus. One of the reasons why we cant study Venus is that the atmosphere is completely comprised of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide, which is toxic to humans. The second reason, are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. Another reason is that on the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. These conditions are far more exstreme for any human to handle; the environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of Earth's oceans and Venus's environment would liquefy many different types of metals. Beyound high pressure and heat, Venusian geology and weather present more additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface.

For all the dangers towards humans, why do scientists discuss further plans for visits to Venus's surface? Many astronomers and scientists are fasinated by Venus because it might have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Many people say that long ago, Venus was probably covered with oceans and could have supported different forms of life. Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planets surface is similar to Earth, it has a rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. Overall Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit.

Since Venus is impossible to study at this time, NASA is working on different approaches to studying Venus. For example, simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface, and the result is that the electronics lasted for three weeks in such conditions. Another project is loocking back to an old technology called mechanical computers.

istep sucks.................            