The topic of driverless cars is something that has been talked about and thought of since the 1950's, but the pieces have never been fully put together. Driverless cars are not a good idea because of the ability for faulty accuse in an accident, vehicles are not truly driverless, and the privacy of the driver.

Accidents happen all the time and it is usually fairly easy to see who is at fault in the situation. That completely changes with Driverless cars. If they were to be manufactured and put on the road so many new laws would have to be made and old laws would have to be changed in order to cover liability in an accident. Technology does not always work out how its supposed to, no matter how hard the manufacturers want it to, so if something were to happen to the cars technology and an accident occured who would be at fault - the driver or it's manufacturer?

Driverless cars are not real. In order for a car to be completely driverless there should not be a driver in the front seat. With "Driverless" cars an alert driver has to take over when pulling in or pulling out of driveways or dealing with traffic issues. That is the complete opposite of what drivers want. Drivers do not want to deal with the traffic issues or the navigation through accidents, that is what most people hate about driving. So why would they want those to be their only priorities when driving? They don't.

So much of everyones lives today are always being watched ; most people want to get as much privacy as they can in their day-to-day lives. By using cameras in order to watch if the driver is paying attention or not is safe, but also an invasion of privacy. It is understandable why manufactuers would want to have the cameras, safety reasons, but really in all actuality the cameras and sensors would become something drivers become accustomed to and they will completely ignore it all together.

Driverless cars may be a thing of the future but it all comes down to the buyers. If drivers don't want to worry about whether or not their gonna be at fault in a accident, if they actually have to drive, or if they want their personal lives invaded ; they most likely won't buy the car.                          