Landform, Not Aliens

The "face" on Mars has been a topic of discussion for almost twenty-five years. Was it created by an unknown species of aliens? Definitely not. Although, some people do think that, the "face" on Mars is actually just a natural landform that happened to be shaped like a face. Obviously, the "face" on Mars is a natural landform, not something created by aliens.

To begin, the "face" on Mars is just a natural landform. What else could it be? Some say it was a statue built by aliens. But, that can't possibly be true. There is no proof that aliens exist in the first place, so how could a species that doesn't exist build a statue? Also, NASA released information saying that it was just a huge mesa forming into the shape of a face. The shadows just give it the illusion of eyes and a nose. Finally, the pictures of the "face" obviously show that it is not a built structure. It is just a natural landform on Mars. The pictures get clearer each time they were taken, so it is very apparent that the "face" is just a huge formation of rocks. So, all of this shows that there is no possible way that the "face" on Mars was built by aliens.

Although, I do understand why people could believe the "face" was built by aliens. It does look like it could be a monument, like the ancient Egyptians built for their people. However, life does not exist on Mars; therefore, the "face" could not be built by aliens. Also, some people think that aliens do exist on mars, and that NASA is just hiding it. But, why would NASA hide that they found an alien civilization? That could only help the company, not hurt them. And, if you still don't believe me, if there were aliens on Mars, wouldn't we be able to or have seen them by now? Once again, I say that the "face" on Mars is just a mesa that gives the illusion of a face, not a statue built by creatures that don't exist.

In conclusion, the "face" on Mars is just a natural landform, not something that was created by aliens. In the future, we might find out for certain what that "face" is. We aren't one hundred percent positive it is a mesa, but we know it wasn't aliens. I will be thrilled to find out what it is soon, and I think you will be, too.