"Hey! Generic_Name, wait up!" Generic_Name yelled across the park.

"Hey Generic_Name, what's up?" Generic_Name asked concerned.

"I need your advice on something." Generic_Name said quietly.

"Okay, go ahead." Generic_Name responded.

"There is this guy and he is really cute but I do not know if I should talk to him or Generic_Name.

"I found him when I was walking in the hallway of school, his name is Generic_Name." Generic_Name responded while blushing.

"Generic_Name? I know him!! He is such a player do not even think about it!" Generic_Name yelled.

"What? He look so nice." Generic_Name responded with a frown.

"Yeah, I know, I dated him at one point, he cheated on me the first week of us being together." Generic_Name rolled her eyes.

"Hey guys, what are you talking about?" Generic_Name asked confusingly.

"Oh, hey Generic_Name." Generic_Name and Generic_Name looked at each other.

"We are just talking about school." Generic_Name look worried.

"No,no, no, I heard you say Generic_Name's name." Generic_Name said with a stern face.

"No I didn't." Generic_Name said.

"I heard you, you can't lie to me." Generic_Name exclaimed.

"Fine, she was wondering if she should date Generic_Name, I was just telling her how bad he was." Generic_Name looked at Generic_Name.

*Generic_Name got furious with Generic_Name*

"Oh no, don't date Generic_Name he cheated on me." Generic_Name said re insuring

Generic_Name.

"What you dated him too? When?" Generic_Name rudely asked.

"Oh it was like a month or so ago, it has been a while since then." Generic_Name answered.

"Okay fine, I will not go talk to him." Generic_Name ran off.

"I have to leave, my mom is calling me." Generic_Name said to Generic_Name.

"Bye!" Generic_Name shouted.

I believe that it is very important to get advice from more than one person because the person that wants the advice could get different ideas, get good advice, but if someone takes the advice and doesn't like it, they have to live with that choice. In this essay I will tell you why I believe these things.

Firstly, a person could get different ideas on how to handle the situation they are in at the moment. For example, if they needed advice on weather to use blue or purple to fill in the letters of their project, they might ask two or three other people for their opinions. Also, when someone asks for an opinion they will most likely get someones side of the story or what they believe in return. Another example could be, if someone is trying to sign up for a sport, then they would probably ask other people that play sports which sport they should play. When they get the response then the person has to make a decision which can be hard but with all the good feed back that they have gotten, they will most likely make a better decision then without knowing anything. When people have more ideas they have a better understanding of what they want.

Next, there is a very high chance that the person getting asked for advice will actually give someone good advice to use. If someone takes the advice and it's good then they will probably be very happy with the decision and want to thank the people they asked. Good advice can possibly lead to a very ebullient decision. Not only will the person making the decision feel ecstatic, but so will the person that helped because that person was the one who gave the amazing advice to go out and do what they wanted to do to. If someone gets good advice from a peer it is normally used to make a good decision.

Lastly, when someone takes advice they might think it is a good idea in the beginning but then when they do it, it is a really bad decision. Which means they just spent a lot of time asking for help and trying to figure out what to do, then they do it, and they are so upset about how it turned out. When someone makes a decision it is normally a good one and they are happy about it, but there is that rare case where the person who makes the decision is very upset about what they did, and often question it. I agree that if it is a small thing like what cereal they are going to eat or what color to use, they should not flip out, but if it is a life decision type thing and they choose something that will mess with their career or something, then they will be upset. For example, if someone went into the medical field and they messed up a surgical trial for someone they loved, that could cost them their career.

In conclusion, if Generic_Name, did not come over, then Generic_Name would have gotten her heart broken by Generic_Name just like Generic_Name and Generic_Name. It is good to get advise from other people because the advice could give someone different ideas, get good advice, but what if someone takes the advice and is not happy with the choice. I agree that asking more then one person is good, especially if it is a hard decision or an important one. 