The presidental elections are a huge deal in the United States and everywhere else. We all sit on anticipation to see who our next leader is hoping that they will make great changed for their country and their people, eventually making it a great place to live. Not many people are well informed about this system we have here, and some are. But could you imagine if more people find out that they aren't actually voting for the President but instead your are voting for the people that are voting for the President? Does that make any sense? As you very well know there are two sides to every story Senater. Many people agree with the Electorial Collage and many people don't. However my personal belief is that you should not support the Electorial Collage. I believe that this system is unfair, it doesn't give Americans full control over elections and who's running the country as well as the fact that many people voted for the Electorial Collage may make the wrong decisions which could jepordize the election and lets not forget about the winner take all system.

To begin with, the first reason I don't think you should support the Electorial Collage is because the system is unfair and it doesn't give Americans full control over elections and their results. During Election time people are tricked into thinking that they are voting for the President. They play Presidential ad for campains and the candidates go give speeches around the country. But if your not really voting for the Presidents, then why are they wasting all this money and wasting your time having you watch the ads. Source two it says " If you lived in Texas, for inatance, and wanted to vote for (John) Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of thirty-four electoral votes. Who are the electors?" amd in source 1 it says "THe fouding fathers established it in the Constitution as a comprimise." But honest is it really a comprimise is you're not involved? People want to be involved in this type of stuff, believe it or not it matters to them. And because you are not really told, people could go on for years thinking that their voting for the actual President but instead they are voting for politicans and hoping that they make the right decisions. Are we really going to leave the fait of our country up to hope and up to people that don't really know what their voting for. This is not fair and it doesn't live up to American values.

Another reason that you shouldn't support the Electorial Collage is because many of the politicans that people vote for make the wrong decisions and could jepordize the future of our country. Everyone makes mistakes but in presidental elections you can't, it is veyr important that things are monitered closely. After all you are voting for a person who is going to run and represent your country. But many politicians feel that since they have power that they can do whatever they want. Even go as far as rigging election votes so they can win. in source two it states that "Those electors could always defy the will of the people." In other words they may not listen to what the people want and instead be selfish and listen to what they want. Now of course we know this isn't right. "Electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please." This isn't fair to the people, because by doing that you are saying they don't have a say. And people have a lot of trouble trusting politicians, would you blame them it's not every day that you come across a person who wants the best for their people and puts them first instead of themselves.

The final reason that you shouldn't approve or support the Electorial System is because of the "Winners take all" system. In this system candidates really don't bother going or speaking or visiting the state their running in. This basically means that the people who vote for them are making a blind vote without really knowing the person. Before voting for anyone in any situation student council, Goverment, and ect. You need to know that person. You need to make sure that they share the same values that you do. You need to make sure that they are the best candidate for the state and not some random street alcoholic. People have enough trouble trusting politicans as it is why make it worse? "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all." This statement also includes political ads, they saw none at all. And you expect them to vote for the President of the United States without prior knowledge how is that even allowed? That is why I call it a blind vote.

However even in the midst of all that wrong with Electorial System people have found right in it. For instance source 3 says that "But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)." Although this statement has some truth to it, it also has some false. The problem that i have with that statement is that there are no facts to back it up. Sure you believe that our trust is rarely betrayed but actually you don't know. Politicans are very secrative and protected at all cost. You have no ideas what going on in their office unless they make a public announcement on it and sometimes that's even a lie. We don't know our politicans really well on a personal basis, sure you might think you do because they go on tv shows tell you about their life but how much of that is truth and how much is lie? Sometimes politicans lie to protect the people from pain or ect. But you shouldn't being doing that in the middle of one of the most important elections the country ever has. And if we mess up some how the only way we fix it is either impeaching the president or waiting another four years to hopefully make sure things go right and get a good President. Are you willing to take that chance?

To reiterate the bottom line is that these Electorial Collages are important. The people we select in our office are important. However if we let our people become involved in actual Presidental elections we are leaving the future of our country up to hope and to people who make the wrong decisions as well as the "Winner takes all system." Is that really what we want for our country? People need to be involved thats why its called The United States of American. We are suppose to be united. Sure our government could be a little corrupt at times but maybe by letting people become more involved we may actually be looking forward to a brighter and better America. Which is what we all want.    