Not a day goes by that you don't see a car passing by on the street.  Often, we don't think much of it and the effects it has.  Throughout the world there are communities campaigning, trying to lower the usage of motor vehicles.  The citizens in these communities are aware of all the cons that come with driving cars.  There are plenty of benefits to not driving cars everyday such as, lower the amount of air pollution, being inclined and motivated to excercise often, and the money that this act can save.

The number of cars being purchased in America has been dwindling with each year that passes.  If this pattern persists it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment.  This is due to the fact that transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just barely behind the power plants.  At one point in Paris, France, there was an extreme case of congestion which provided the air with more than its fare share of smog.  The city was told to momentarily stop the driving of motor vehicles.  Conjestion went down 60 percent after  five days of intensifying smog.  The smog rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the world's most polluted cities.  By driving a car less the environment benefits emmecely.

In Vauban, Germany it costs $40,000 to have a place to park your car along with your home.  As a result from that about 70% of the families in Vauban don't even own a car, let alone drive one.  Heidrum Walter notified people saying, "When I had a car I was always tense.  I'm much happier this way."  She along with &0% of the citizens walk verdant streets and ride bicycles.  As a result they are getting a measure of excercise more than they would be getting if the drove cars.  When you excersise and sweat, your body releases endorphines which triggers a chemical in your body.  The triggering of that chemical causes you to feel happier which is just what the people of Vauban are.

Some people are very well capable of purchasing a car but don't.  Just that simple

Non act saves them quite a handful of money.  Now, sometimes things like driving a car are necessary, so I'm not saying NEVER drive your car.  However, if in the cases where it isn't necessary you were to walk or ride a bike you would potentially be saving pockets of money because gas isn't being purchased as frequwntly as it would be otherwise.  The reduced amount of car driving even benefits your bank account.

Motor vehicles, such as cars and motorcycles, are not always necessary.  Not utilizing them comes with plenty of benefits.  It reduces the amount of smog and air pollution, it makes you healthier and potentially happier, and lastly it saves you money.  Walk around a little.  Go on a bike ride.  Experience all the beneifts of leaving your car in the garage.    