Students would not benefit attend classes from home.

Recently, Generic_Name has been going to school the past 10 years.

In those years, Generic_Name has proved his apprenticeship by taking classes in the school.

More often his grades are the higher in the class, and his teacher is glad that he still going to her class.

Learning in school with a teaher next to him was important for Generic_Name to get those grades.

Teachers believe that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it makes student's attention lower, and they do not learn as the same way.

Firstly, student would not benefit from begin able to attend classes from home because it makes student's attention lower.

For example, Generic_Name wants to get out of school next week, yet he wants to takes classes online, but his teacher told him that is not the best option for him.

This example shows that the teacher is telling Generic_Name don't take classes online, it would not benefit his attention at classes in the same way that school does.

Even though, Generic_Name thinks that is the best idea, at the same time is not because the only way to don't lose his attention at classes is to continue the school.

Thus, attend classes from home is not going to benefit a student attention.

Secondly, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they do not learn as the same way.

For example, Generic_Name is a student of a New York's school, his teacher says that when he started classes online he did not learned as the same way that he used to do at school.

This example shows that when Generic_Name did not continue classes in school he started to have problems with the topics because students can not learn in the same way that in school.

For Generic_Name was not important learn properly in home or school, but for his teacher yes becuase they knew already that it would not benefit learning in the same way.

Thus, distance learning is not the best option fro a student.

On the others hand, some people believe that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

It is true, it can be possible when a student do not speak the language, and his/her parents prefer that the student take classes online.

However, still proof that students would not benefit being able to attend classes from home.

For example, the teachers of Generic_Name and Generic_Name say that distance learning does not help students to improve their attention and apprenticeship.

Thus, it can benefit students the classes online in 20%, but the classes in schools benefit students in a 100%.

In conclusion, to restate the point students would not benefit attend classes from home.

The first reason is because it makes students's attention decrease.

Further, students are not going to learn in the same way that they used to do in school.

However some people believe that taking classes online from home will benefit to the students.

Thus, coming to school is the best way that is going to benefit the students to attend in classes.             