Many have wondered when and if the day of automatic cars would come. At this day and age, it certainly seems like the technology has updated to a point of these driverless cars could be possible. Now we have to argue a new question. Should driverless cars become a reality? Will they do more harm than good? Driverless cars should stay a fantasy due to saftey, expense, and laziness.

Human operated cars have already caused a tremendous number fatal accidents. Who is to say that these machine run cars will do any better? We have learned that machines are not always consistent in their actions. What would happen if these driverless cars malfunctioned and caused an accident? If they hit a person? What were to happen if a driver falls asleep at the wheel, and the cars fails to alert them? Who would be at fault? These driverless cause would cause the government to make revisions to our laws. Driverless cars are not a guaruntee to public saftey.

Driverless cars require much more technology than non-driverless cars do. This would raise the price of cars tremedously. Not only would one have and expensive car, but one would have to dish even more money out to fill it with gas. As the article "Driverless Cars Are Comming," states, sensors, GPS receivers, and 3-D modeling and much more would be put into the car. This technology would make the car safer but would also increasde it's price. The article also states that some manufacturures have built special roads that would keep the car on course. It goes on to state that this would be an expensive update to preexisiting roads everywhere. There just is not enough money for these cars to be placed on the market.

Driverless cars would add the pile of laziness that has built up over the years. As technology advances, humans use it to create items to make life easier. Cars themselves were invented to make travel easier. Human no longer want to have to work for anything. We want to be able to snap our fingers and get what we want. If these driverless cars were to be produced, they would decrease physical activity even more than before. Now all the driver would have to do is sit back and relax. Driverless cars would cause humans to be even more unhealthy than before.

Driverless cars should stay a fantasy due to saftey, expense, and laziness. They would cause us to revise laws incase of an accident. They would cost more than they're worth. They would make humans even more lazy. Driverless cars should stay in movies becuase somethings are better a fantasy than a reality.    