Have you ever gotten into a conflict with someone and you took into your own hands, but it didn't go too well?

Everyone gets into arguments, it's what make us humans. Most people have a mindset that says, "it's either my way or the highway." Having that way of thinking can be good in some cases, but in others not so much.

I believe that a person should take advice from others because it can help you see other perspectives, not take your own bias, and learn from the situation.

Seeing a different perspective on the situation is good because it tells you other ways of doing things that you never considered trying. Many people have probably been in that same situation and can tell you what they did. Hearing what other people have done can expand your mind into doing something totally different from what you were intending to do, which can be good. I remember a time where I was in a conflict with my friend, and didn't know how to handle it. I asked others to help me find a way to try getting my friend back, and they gave me some suggestions. Using their insight helped me get my friend back.

Not taking your own opinion is good because most of the time we think that we are always right. Which can make it hard to take others knowledge. Not taking your own bias can help by letting you break from your comfort zone, expanding into doing something you don't often do. For some, it's apologizing. When mutiple people tell you what they would've done it gives you any idea of what to do. Which can make it easier if you weren't too sure about your orginal one.

Learning from the situation is always better because it can help you grow as a person. For example, if someone gets into a fight with someone and they get suspended they learn that fighting others can result in a bad consequence. It's better to take the learning part with you throughout life because it can benefit you when others ask for your opinion on the same or a similar topic. As a result, you can get a more positive outcome, and less likely of a negative.

In conclusion, we should seek for mutiple opinons because it can benefit you in a more positive way. Seeking insight from others can be better for you by helping you see other perspectives, not taking your own bias, and learn from the situation. Others have different ways of thinking so taking a bit of that knowledge to better yourself for the future can be good. Not everyone thinks what you were intending to do would've turned out good, but that's just more of a reason to seek others opinions. 