Recently, I was accepted into the 2nd round of admissions for Generic_School, and the final decision on my acceptance comes soon. Even though this is fantastic news, I still didn't know if I wanted to go, considering how far away it is, the extreme workload, and the fact I would have to make all new friends. I really couldn't make such a monumental decision on my own. It's for that reason that seeking out other's opinions is so important.

Having your opinions validated by others feels great, and it's proven that it actually helps self esteem. A study conducted by the National Psychology Institute found that 73 percent of people tested received a noticeable self esteem boost when their opinions were shared by others. This could lead to more people asking for opinions, and a lot more informed and intelligent decisions. This leads me to ask about people's opinions a lot, as their opinions affect the way I make my decisions.

Asking for multiple people's opinions could help people make healthier decisions. For example, I was skateboarding with some of my friends, and we found a nice hill. It looked pretty scary, but I have been getting a lot more comfortable on my board recently, but I still wanted a second opinion on going down the hill. They told me not to, as they weren't even ready to, even though they had been skateboarding for way longer than I have. I'm glad they told me not to as well, because on further inspection of the hill, I found deep cracks and a hidden speed bump, which would've led to a trip to the hospital. Their opinions saved me from a lot of injury, and I have no doubt the opinions of others have saved a countless number of people from injury.

Asking for an opinion could also help you get other perspectives. When I was trying to find out if Generic_School was worth going to, I asked one of my family friends who actually went to Generic_School. I learned a lot of valuable information from her, like how the scheduling works and the normal workload. It played a huge part in my decision, and it was nice to see the perspective of someone who actually got in and went to the school. On the flip side, there is my cousin, who went to Generic_School, and didn't really enjoy all four years. He told me about the things that really got on his nerves, but I tried my best to recognize what was opinionated and what wasn't. His perspective also had a part in my decision. I appreciated both of their opinions, and it was great to see both sides of the issue.

Ultimately, having other people weigh in is great way to make a better decision. It helped me think through a lot of decisions, and I'm doing a lot better for it. In the end, I decided that if I get in, I would go to Generic_School. Collecting opinions are a critical part of any decision making process, and if you don't get second opinions when you make important decisions, I highly recommend you start.