Summer Projects?

In life you are pushed to improve from day to day why not work in the summer to help better your learning ability. Summer projects should be made by the teachers. Students know less about assigning projects then teachers. Teachers would make the project more reasonable, it wouldn't be a project that has no meaning, and they would make it fun for the students. Teachers are taught to assign students projects they had to go to school for a long time to be able to teach. The most i've seen a teacher assign for a summer project is just reading a book. Firstly teachers would assign projects with meaning.

Teachers would try their best to make a project meaningful for the summer. They will take time and make sure the projects helps them improve students learning abilities. Students would just assign a project that is like draw a picture or do five math problems for the whole summer. Just so they don't have to do work in the summer because they think have better things to do then learn. Although it will be extra work for the teachers I dont' think they would mind making their school better by improving the abilities of students. Other people may say it's a bad idea. Studies say having year round school or even summer work will improve test scores and makes kids work harder. Summer work is a great idea. Secondly assigning a project with no meaning wouldn't help the students improve.

If all teachers made up projects for students during summer it will help them to improve, but they will have some sort of meaning even if its just reading a book. Studies show that thirty minutes of reading a day will improve your vocabulary and your writing ability. Many students don't like to read because they think it is boring. From personal experiences reading is really fun and has helped me improve in many ways. I've only been reading for about nine weeks five days a week and i can see the improvements already. Reading is the perfect project you can take a book anywhere like: on the beach, in the car, on a plane, and on a boat. Reading will also make you have less screen time during the summer. Last, teachers would make projects enjoyable for kids.

Teaches go to college for many years to be able to teach. Each teacher has a different style from one another. Most teachers has this sort of charm to them that makes them entertaining for students. Thats why Teachers should make the summer projects. Teachers have a way of working with kids to make them happy or to make them have fun. Teachers should make the projects for the summer work.

Many people see summer work as a chore. Summer work can really help you but a teacher should be the one assigning it. Teachers would assign something meaningful, something that had meaning, and teachers go to college for many years. Teachers should be he only one assigning work. Students can suggest a project but should never come up with one. Summer projects will help you improve your ability.