In the past few years, most of the schools began to offer an online courses for the students instead of having them go to school. In fact, online courses had became commonly preferred by most of the students. Students will not benefit from those online courses because they lack the academic atmosphere that most of the students used to, they prevent the student from communicating with other people in order to have new friends, and they make the student able to cheat on his courses because of the availability of his electronic devises without any strict rules.

Students who attend online courses will learn at their houses without having to go to school. Their houses isn't the best place to learn because of the availability of all kind interruption for the student. Student will not be able to concentrate and focus on his course. The house lacks the academic environment that every student must have; Although some people might say that the student can benefit from the online course by getting any type of support by a family member throughout the course, in fact the family can affect the student negatively more the positively by interrupting him while he is taking the course.

The online courses also prevent the student from having a better communication with other people or from making new friends. Good communication is one of the most important skills that every student should have. School provides the best communication environment for the student because it gathers couple of students in one room and sometimes teachers require the students to work in a small group which give the student a better chance to comprehend during the class, and make new friends at the same time.

Finally, Online courses don't have enough engagement with the student; Therefore, the student will have the opportunity to cheat throughout his online courses. Most of the schools have their own rules and conditions about cheating and using the electronic devices during the class; But the student will definitely have all kind of electronic devices at home that can help him to get an information that he's not supposed to get during his online course without having anyone to stop him.

Although online courses can be beneficial from some student. But they lack the simplest need of any student. Online courses don't provide the academic and learning atmosphere for the students, they prevent the students from a great opportunity to develop their communication skills and make new friends, the students also will be able to cheat through out their online courses because of the lack of the engagement.   