Have you ever asked your friends and family for their opinions? When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Advice is very bias but can help in many situations. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. It allows them to see the differences and similarities in the advice given from multiple people, hear many different ways to solve the problem, and one persons advice may not be the way hey want to handle the situation.

To begin with, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it allows them to see the differences and similarities in the the advice given. For example, you ask your friend for advice about you and your spouse. Your friend tells you to try and talk with your lover about it. Then, you ask your mother and her opinion is the same as your friends. This shows the similarities in the opinion and it seems not to be as bias. There also can be differences in advice. Say the same situation happens but instead your mother tells you to ignore the person. You now have two ways to respond to the problem.

Second, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it allows you to hear many different point of views. Hearing many different ways to solve a problem allows you to choose what you think is best. For example, your dog runs away and you dont know what you should do. Your best friend, mother, father, and sister all give you different opinions on how they would find your dog. At first, you wanted to go look for the dog on the streets like your sister said but instead you use your best friends advice which is to put posters all around town. Different opinions can keep you safe while also fixing the problem.

Lastly, seeking multiple opinions can help someone maker a better choice because one persons opinion may not be the way you want to handle the situation. Opinions are someones personal beliefs and you may not agree with what they tell you. Asking many people gives you a better perspective of ways to handle the problem. For example, a girl is talking about you in school. All of your friends say you should fight her, but your mother says it's just a waste of time and to not worry about it. If you were to only ask your friends for their opinion you may have been suspended from school. This is why asking more than one person is very helpful!

Seeing the differences and similarities in the advice given from multiple people, hearing many different ways to solve the problem, and one persons advice may not be the way hey want to handle the situation are all reasons why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Opinions help you solve everyday problems that you may not even think about. Opinions can also keep you safe and out of trouble. Sometimes you many not agree with the opinion while other times you will. Asking many people for their opinion will allow you to make better choices throughout your whole life.