Imagine this, your in school all day. Your tired and ready to go home, but then the principal say that you have to stay after school.

Everyone has to say after school

.

Now knowing that your tired and ready to go home you do not think this is fair. I think students should not have to stay after school for extracurricular activities for, some students may have homework or chores to do at home, students will have less with their family, and over-working the students may cause them to start being troublesome at school.

The first reason why i think students should not have to stay after school is that students may have work to do at home. Many teachers give out homework for the students to work on, or they have chores that their parents have assigned them to do for that day. For example, a student has homework for three different classes. On top of that he or she needs to do dishes, walk the dog, and help cook. If he or she was told that they have to stay after school, he or she would not have enough time to do all for the work for that day.

The second reason why is that students will have less time to spend with their family. Students already spend many hours of the day at school. This already leaves them with only a couple hours to spend with their families.(Not including time spent on homework and chores.) Going off of the example i used in the last paragraph; this is another example using that student. This students average school day is about seven hours long. Now if we take about home long it takes to get ready and the bus ride home it is about nine hours. This students take about two hours to do homework and two hours to do chores. That about twelve hours spent, leaving the student only with two hours left to spend with their family. Adding extra school time would give the student less time to spend with their family.

The last reason I have is that over- working the students may cause them to become troublesome at school. What I mean by this is that some students might start falling alseep in class because of lack of sleep from over- working the previous day, Other might stop coming to school, or start to plain out disrespect teachers and school faculty. For example, a student might have been a straight a student always listening to the teacher, to his or her's work, and never fell behind on assignments, but they start falling asleep in class because of the over working the day before and stop listening to the teachers, and starts to fall behind on the school work that was assigned to them making them fail classes.

On the other hand making students stay after school might benefit them. Some teacher may think that some of their students need extra help. So staying after school may help these students, or some student are very athletic, so if they stay after school for a sport it would help them lose of the energy they have and calm them down. But i think not all of the students should have to stay after school because it just is not fair for all of the students to have to stay after school.

In conclusion I think that student should not have to stay after school for, Students will lose family time. Many student would have homework or chores to do at home and need the time to use at home. And over working the student may cause them to be troublesome.