People chattering as they walk down the payment, buzzing conversation on who will win the coming election. Large bulleton board's towlering above the city streets and towns a smiling face firmly drawn on them with the caption, "Vote for me for President." Television's fills with compains and speeches.  How is it we come to the conclusion of voting a president? and which way do I favor? Among our rapidly growing population and country every 4 year's "we the people " cast in our vote for president and who might I ask count those votes? The electoral college, which some think it's a place but acually it's a long process to chosing our next president. The electoral college consists of electors, there meeting is where they voe for he president and also vice president by counting the electoral votes by congress. When you vote for president you are really choosing your candidate and actually voting for your candidate's electors. I strongly disagree with this mythed because I favor more that the president chose be chosen by popular vote  not by electors we chose.

What's wrong with the electoral colledge? You run into multiple issues with the electoral college as you slowly go into it's process and how the president is chosen. One big issuse is the Disaster factor. Considering that state legislatures are technially responsiable for picking electors. If we chose the president by popular vote like we should, it would be more resonable because it's a way so that the people of our country are happy. The eclectoral college is unfair to voter's also.  With the "Winner takes all", system is each state candidates don't even spend time in states they know have no chance is winning, there only focus is on the swing states and the ones who have a more lickly chance of winner with there voter! This is highly unfair to the people! Our votes should count more then what electors chose. This is our nation, our country, our home and we should get to decide on who will lead it in a fair way, electors should count all the votes and then chose  the president by popularity and better man.

The elector collegde is said to be a non-democratic method to be overruled by declaring the most popular votes for the candiate the winner. When your voting you acually voting for the slate of electors who will chose the president and vice president.

Chosing our president should be up to popular vote, electing electors who will chose the president is a unfair priocess and the electoral college is very out dated and it's system and ways should be over thought about. Counting our votes on president and chosing the president by popluar vote is the best way to go. Firstly it allows for the president most wanted to become president. Second it's a easier process then having to vote for a elector, wait for there votes, and then wait for there decesion on president. Think about it? We the people, should chose our president souly on poplation votes.

To conclude, the electoral college is a unfair, outdated, and irrational way to chose our presendent. We the people should be able to chose the present by poplar vote not only because it's our chose on who should lead are country but also it's a easier and better way to chose our president. I highly agree that we should be able to chose our next president by poplar vote and rething the electoral college.                       