I think that from Luke's point of view it looks like a great experience and it would be an opportunity of a lifetime to be a Seagoing Cowboy. By being a Seagoing Cowboy you get to travel and see many amazing places and meet so many types of people. Also if you like animals you are in luck because you get to take care of them while your on the boat sailing across the sea. Another thing you might get to do is have your birthday some awesome like Luke did in Greece. In the following pharagraph I am going to be telling you some things about being a Seagoing Cowboy like what it's like to take care of the cattle, some amazing places that you might visit ,and how you must be careful while board the ship.

By being a Seagoing Cowboy you get to do so many things and experience them. One huge thing that you would have to be willing to do is take care of all of the animals on the ship sailing with you like young cows, horses, and mules. Like Luke the animals on the ship would keep you busy, you would have to feed them and give them water at least three times a day, pull bales of hay and bags of oats out from lower holds of the ship, and clean out the stalls. Also you would get to go to many amazing places around the world like Luke did. You might get to go to places like Europe and China and see Acropolis in Greece, and maybe take a gondola ride in Venice, and see Italy the city with streets of water. You would also have to be careful while board the ship. One night Luke slipped down some stairs and almost went over board, and because of this he cracked a couple of ribs and had to take a break off the job. It would be quite an adventure to be a Seagoing Cowboy.

Now that I have told you some thrilling things about be a Seagoing Cowboy what do you think? I think it would be so much fun to sail acrossed the world while taking care of animals and going to all kinds of places. It would be so exciting, but it would also make me nervous because when Luke Bomberger was a Seagoing cowboy he almost went over board. I think that by being a Seagoing Cowboy it would open up the world to you and how you thought of the world just like it did to Luke Bomberger who was an amzing Seagoing Cowboy. So know that I told you what I think it would be like from Luke's point of veiw I hope that I encourage you to want to being a Seagoing Cowboy.