Today, technology is advanced enough to create cars that are semi-driverless.

However, humans demand more.

People want driverless cars for maximum efficiency.

However, letting cars drive for themselves is dangerous and the development of driverless cars should be halted.

Robots are quite common today.

Semi-driverless cars are no exception.

However, if a car was to become fully driverless, it would be considered a robot.

The artificial intelligence operating the car would be like a brain, making decisions about where to turn and how fast it needed to go.

On the surface this seems practical.

No more drivers would be needed, and robots are more coordinated so driving would become a lot safer.

This is not true.

Infact, if drivers were to dissappear due to the appearance of driverless cars, there would be even more problems than today.

According to the three laws of robotics, robots are not allowed to harm or kill humans.

Because fully independent artificial intelligence have not yet been developed, this law has not come into play yet.

If an automatic car was to be developed, then the law would act upon and restrain the robot operating the vehicle.

For example, if a robot driven car was to crash and kill people in the car, the law would be broken.

In paragraph 9, the author discusses how if technology fails, both the driver and manufacturer would be to blame.

Now with the driver being the robot, more complications would arise, proving that independent cars are dangerous.

Danger also comes from another place, being other people.

The robot can prove to be safer, being immune to distractions taking place in the passenger seats.

Without a human driver, the car is able to be controlled from the outside.

If a hacker were to take control of a robot operated car, the passengers inside would fall victim to the hacker.

Computer development has shown to be advanced enough for a hacker to easily get access to the movement of a car, including locks, breaks, steering, acceleration, and pretty much anything that the robot would be controlling.

This danger is already a threat to society today.

Smart cars can be hacked due to them relying on GPS and other wirelessly connected sources.

100% human dependent cars cannot be hacked due to the vehicle being disconnected to outside sources and dangers.

The final major danger with cars being independent is that despite being an automatic system, its reaction speed is too slow.

In paragraph 4, LIDAR is explained as a rotating sensor on the roof that uses laser technology to generate 3-D models of the car's surroundings.

This is all assuming that everything is stationary or slower paced.

If an animal were to suddenly jump in front of the car, or if a pedestrian was to trip and fall infront of the car, it would crush the obstacle.

Despite being an intelligent piece of equipment, the car's sensors would not be fast enough to calculate the sudden appearance of an obstacle.

The car's artificial intelligence would need to gather, process and use the data all in a split second.

This is also assuming that the brakes work well enough and can stop the speeding car in time.

Whoever or whatever was on the street would be crushed before the car had enough time to stop itself.

This also goes back to the danger of driverless cars killing people, except this time it is a danger to the car's surroundings.

Legal issues woud arise, and the robot would take the blame.

However people have the tendency to hurt other humans so the manufacturers would be blamed for not having a better sensor.

The development of newer sensors and faster computers would increase the cost of the driverless cars and decrease its practicality.

Driverless cars would create many issues and potentially be the number one leading cause of death in developed countries.

These three points are just some of the dangers of driverless cars.

The development of this kind of technology is practical but risky.

However the development of new automobile and transportation technology will not yield to its dangers.

People are willing to sacrifice and explore dangerous things if the outcome is tempting enough.

Advancements and changes will take place, and soon driverless cars will take to the roads.