In the artical "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author is trying to convince the reader that studying Venus is woth pursuing dispite the dangers in may cause and shows us. Sending people to a planet we know is dangerous is not a good idea if we dont have the technological advancements that we think we may need to protect the people going to Venus. The history of this planet is important to know about because it is very similar to Earth and not is one of the hottest planets in our solar sysem.

The author states that in the past Venus is thought to be a lot like Earth. Scientists think that Venus was "covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." Since Venus is thought to be the planet most like Earth scientist want to discovey what happened to in that made in inhospitable and why it happened to this planet. They have shown that Venus still has a lot of similar features that are very closely related to Earths. The author says scientists would like to get more information by landing people and spacecraft on the surface of Venus but the spacecraft has been proven to last only a couple hours on Venus. This is why "not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more that three decades."

Although the spacecraft cant last very long on Venus it isn't NASA's fault says the author. Venus has a "thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide"

It also has clouds that contain sulfuric acid which are "highly corrosive" and causes serious damage to the spacecraft and in unsafe when coming through the atmosphere of Venus. Since Venus is so closely related to Earth it still does have earthquakes, stormes, volcanic eruptions and many more things that could make the mission even harder for them. The author knows that if or when the spacecraft gets though the atmosphere of Venus the planet has a surface temperature of about 800 degrees Farenheit and that is nowhere close to what we have here on Earth.

NASA is working on creating a "blimp-like vehical hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape." This would be a more sustainable temerature of about 170 degrees Farenheit and would rest easy at about sea level on Earth. This would allow the astronauts to view the surface of Venus without being severly harmed. NASA is still looking in on other ways to make the trip to Venus mush safer and effecent for them. NASA may not even send people up to explore the planet it may send up a robot that can sustain the harsh terain that Venus presents. The author explains that this still could not be the way they should do this. He compairs it to putting a cellphone in acid or heat and doesn't think it is a smart idea.

The author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is presents. The artical was mainly focused on the dangers in and didnt really show that Venus was worth studying and mainly showed why it was too dangerous to study. The author explains that the history of this planet does tell us a lot and since it is one of the most closey related planets to us we should learn more about it, but a lot of dangers come with that and we need to be willing to face them. We need to work on our technological advancement to make sure the mission is safe.   