With the rise of technology and accesability, students in schools are bound to wonder away from the current lession and tred towards their phones in the face of bordom or general stress. How can we fix this you may ask, with emotion detecting technology. This technology can help schools in that it focuses on specific muscle groups, can detect false emotions, and can help students get beck to the task at hand, school.

First off, how does this technology even recognise emotion? Emotions are always displayed by body poster, facail exspressions, and speech. This technology primarilly focuses on facil exspressions. By focusing on 44 major muscles and a 3D model created within the software through a camera, can effectively distinguish 6 basic emotions. These emotions are happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the must move like human muscles....six basic human emotions-happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness." This technology works so well in fact that it was able to calculate the emotions on a painting. The one and only, Mona Lisa by Leonardo da Vinci. In this instance of the painting, the software concluded that she is "83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry." This being said, you can see all of these features in the painting with her smile; however, her smile is also seems to be hiding other small emotions that can be portraied as insecure but wholesome. If this technology can effectivly 'see' the portrable emotions off a painting, then it can most definatly can be used within the school systems.

What about the common conseption that students go to school with a smile but arn't really happy? It can do this too. It comes to that facail movements can be seen as true or false by the muscles that are being used in that moment in time. Such as the muscle group, zygomatic major, used in a genuine smile; however, in a false smile you also use the risorius. "But in false smiles...using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius." The usefulness of this technology doesn't stop at just being able to identify false smiles but teachers can use this information to more effectively connect with the students. When a student is a distracted by stressers, they can't focus, and when they can't focus, it makes the teachers look like they arn't doing their jobs properly by the test score of the students because of it. This stratigy however, is nothing new. In the eyes of an exspert, facail exspression tell your true intentions. "To an experts, faces don't lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a 'smiling' politician or celbrity isn't being truthful." Thus, this late technology doesn't seem to far fetched to use in our schools.

As I breafly mentioned in the last pharagragh, students need to be able to focus in order to be seccesesful in school. With modern stressers that teachers sometimes don't see as big deal, students on the other hand may lead to distraction. With these stressers far and wide, how do we identify them? By using the facail recognition software. Say for instance a student as his or her mind elsewhere besides the classroom and is missing out on a major transition lession that is the key to the next few lession. They won't get it and will further lead into new problems. But say that the software picks up on the student and detects that he or she is feeling angered, depressed, or just has a lack of intrest. This software can then send the data to the teachers computer thus letting them know that they may need a recap or support in general. Thus further action can be taked by the teacher to strengthen the bond of students and teachers. "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. Another way that it can be used in the classroom as if the students is angered and frustration is building inside because their minds are in two places at once to only confuse them even more. The software can be designed to shut off the computer, alowing the student to take a breath and contemplate on what is wrong themselves before an intructer aid them in the personal mater before continueing on into the lesson as a whole. "For example, your frontalis pars lateralis muscles (above yours eyes) raises your eyebrows when you're suprised; your orbicularis oris (around your mouth) tightens your lips to show anger." In short, the possibilities are atronomical when thinking of incorperating them into a schools systems.

In short, the addition to facail recognitions systems into the schools is a great idea. Thus it can recogize emotions effectively, detect false emotions, and help students regain focus within the classrooms.

The entirity of this essay used "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto to form my response.