As author says Venus is dangerous to send humans to study the planet, the author does state we should still try and don't let the challenges stop us from doing so. the author states Astromnomers believe Venus was probably covered largely by oceans and could've support various type of lives. Have similar features like earth. Venus could be the nearest option to visit.

Astronomers are facinated by Venus beacause the believe "it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system" meaning a similar discussion about Mars. They believe that Venus, long ago, "was covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life" demostration it could be an interesting visit to Venus and if the statements or beliefs are true, Sciencetist might find an answer why Venus doesn't support life or the bodies of oceans dissapear if it did have those features in the first place.

"Venus still has some features that analogous to those on Earth" meaning there could've been a possibility about life on Venus but also was discover that "the planet has a surface of rocky sidiment and inclused familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters" demostrating interesting theories people can make why those familiar features are in Venus and how they were created if no life existed there.

Finally, Venus "can be our nearest option for a planetary visit," for example: and "end of the world" scenario. People could travel to Venus to start a new life there, if researchers make an innovation to make it safe to land in Venus and probaly restore life in the planet if it did long ago.

The conclusion is, the reasons above explains why studying Venus is worthy despite the dangers. The visit can inspired a lot of researchers to make trips on othe planets that they may think it was Earth-like at some point or supported life in it.

The planet Venus may have a thick atmosphere meaning a human won't be able to survive; however, the innovations that can be created for those problems can solve it. The features the planet has might help us and make us understand why now Venus doesn't support life anymore and how humanity can avoid the same problem.