Once my sister noticed she didn't get into the collage she wanted, she fell on the ground and cried her eyes out. She wished she had gone back to do more activities when she was younger, but there was no turning back now. Participating in activities are very important for every ones future. If someone doesn't participate in something, they wont only get a possibly scholarship, but also might not get the dream job they have wanted. Principals should make people participate in activities such as a club, sport, or student council

It is good to have social interaction with peers. If someone stays in the house all the time, not going out anywhere, then they might not have a good chance at getting into a collage they wanted. Participating in extracurricular activities might give someone extra points for collage, or make them look good for a collage. On the other hand, if people don't do extracurricular activities they might not be accepted in many collages. It is very important to do exracurricual activities while someone still can!

Certain jobs may check someones background to see what they have done for a living, but if they haven't done anything except for playing video games all day, they might not get the job. Jobs are very important for someones upcoming future. If someone has done a lot of activities in high school, or donated to charity often, they will have a bigger chance of getting a job than someone who hasn't participated in anything.

Laying around all day could cause health issues. If someone just lays around all day they might become very unhealthy and not get the exercise they need, but if you are active and doing activities, that will change the situation for you completely. Moving around is good for ones health. If someone is laying on the couch, scrolling through Instagram all day and never getting up could get them Diverticulitis. Being unhealthy like that could cause serious problems, definitely at such young age.

Not doing school activities will, possibly, affect someones life for the rest of their life. They might not get their dream job, get a good scholarship, or be healthy. Extracurricular activities can change someones life for the better, it is best to do it now than regret it later on in someones life time.