On May 24,2001, something very interesting happened on Mars. About twenty five years ago a space craft took a photo of the land, that looked like a human face. This picutre was take by NASA's Viking one spaceship. It happened to be taking these photos to find places for the Viking two spacecraft to safely land. When it came arcross this uncommon sight it snapped a picture.

When the image appeared on the monitor most of NASA were surprised at the image that lied before them. Scientist soon figured out that it was just a Matian mesa. Which happened to be very common around Cydonia. Most people argue saying that this could be a sign that there use to be life on Mars.

When NASA revealed the image for everyone to see, people started to think it wasn't just another rock or land marking. People saw the face and thought aliens were found on Mars. Although, that wasn't the case. Only a few scientist thought the Face was an alien artifact. The other scientist thought it was just something like a rock that happened to look like a face, because of the shadows.

After a lot of research another spacecraft was sent to Mars on September ninteen ninty-seven. Eighteen years after the photo of the Face was taken by the Viking one. The Face was then photograph again, so that it could be examined more closely. "On April 5,1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time,Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture tentimes sharper that the original Viking photos."

Thousands of excited people were waiting for the image. "It first appeared on the JPL wedsite,revealing... a natural landform." There was no sign of anything Alien about the photo. Therefore, it was not an alien aftifact after all.

Many people were unsatisfied. They claimed that since the picture of the Face was taken in a cloudy area it might explain why no one saw life in the first place. Scientist took this theory into thought. Mission controllers stated another spacecraft to send again.

On April 8,2001, it happened to be a cloudless day in Cydonia. Scientist took action. The Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look. What the picture actually showed "is the Martian equivalant of a butte or mesa- landforms common aroung the American West. Garvin a man who was leading this expedition says, "'That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated messa about the smae height as the Face on Mars." There fore the face on Mars was not a sign of Alien life. 