Distance learning has become a worldwide phenomenon to parents and guardians as well as educators as they begin to navigate through the vast advancements in technology and the several opportunities available to future students to ensure happiness and prosperity at least once in their lifetimes. Most parents do not take the time to consider and realize that this type of learning is actually increasingly becoming popular over time. Distance learning teaches students to nurture their talents and skills while learning to find an interest in a career pathway. Across the numerous nations around the world, future generations of students are noted to benefit from distance learning because it allows a student to delve into their own learning and apply it to the real world as well as provide an insight behind the true meaning of responsibility while learning to form the correct work ethics necessary for success.

Distance learning from home allows the student to understand the material taught by the educator more than in a typical classroom environment by submerging into the detailed gist of all things while making connections to the real world through the hands-on activities and resources available to ones' own fingertip. For example, Generic_Name, a current junior in high school, is able to understand her trigonometry course and the vital means behind the formulas through a classroom activity of calculating the heights of several trees and buildings around her neighborhood. The activity that Generic_Name proudly completes demonstrates her understanding of the unit through a submitted presentation and a sheet of paper with her calculations proven correct. Through the activity handed to Generic_Name, she has gained a new skill that could be beneficial for her in the future if she decides to pursue a career in architecture or math. With this in mind, she would have not learned how to use that entire course load of information if she had attended a regular math class at the nearby high school. In a normal classroom environment, she would have been taught the material and the usage of the formulas like any other student in the county as well as have been asked to demonstrate her understanding through an exam, which does not really show that she understands the material to the fullest potential. Moving further along, Generic_Name, another high school student within the state of Virginia, has also displayed his passion and desire for his favorite course, Earth Science, through various field trips to the lake and pond near his house. Through distance learning, Generic_Name understands the material through the readings and labs at the comfort of his home. The labs allow him to be on the search for specific animals and rocks, which further peaks his interest about the environment. Without the course load available to him within his reach, he might have not had found his passion and the available opportunities to excel in that area. Distance learning plays a major role in the future of these students by building up the necessary skills and desire to pursue a dream.

Furthermore, the availability to learn and take courses from the comfort of your home opens up the opportunity for the student to learn the real meaning behind responsibility that comes along with taking these courses in this manner as well as the ability to correct any bad work ethics before heading to the workforce in the near future. An individual that exemplifies the benefit of distance learning is Generic_Name, a commuter college student, living in Generic_City with his two parents. For the most part, Generic_Name takes his classes online to ensure that all of his graduation requirements are met with the degree he aspires to receive in education. One of his teachers had assigned an activity to him that involved a visit to an elementary school in the area. Back in high school, he would have made the decision to slack off and turn the assignment a day later than the original due date, but things have changed for the better as he entered college. His online class has allowed him to go at his own pace accordingly to a deadline. He would receive absolute no credit for a late assignment in college, and often times, Generic_Name would now make the decision to ensure that all things are turned in. Generic_Name understood the responsibility behind his course load and visiting the several elementary schools as a teacher aide; after all, he would contribute his time to assist the little kids that were eager to learn. Working with kids for his assignment has given Generic_Name an insight into the type of teacher he would become. Generic_Name, a twenty-year-old college student in nursing, has tremendously seen the change as well in her work ethic. She used to keep her thoughts all to herself, but with the help of her online nursing class, she was able to openly express her opinions in class discussions as well as live lessons. She has successfully skyrocketed and almost reached her full potential because of distance learning. Distance learning has taught her valuable life lessons that she will forever be grateful for. It has taught her to be open and responsible to her patients at all costs. Success can be found from the comfort of your home through online classes.

Thousandths of students that actively involve themselves in distance learning has demonstrated a strength in building responsibility and vital work ethics as well as connecting their course load to the real world in hopes of truly finding a passion. Taking responsibility for ones' own actions while ensuring that tasks are done in a correct manner is critical in the workforce of today. In addition, it is also important that the individual finds joy in learning as they get older, and applying that new information to their work or lives on a day-to-day basis. Education is both found and reached in many ways possible; at last, all individuals should continue to stay curious and keep searching for that never ending desire to learn more little by little. 