Driverless cars are coming, are they safe for us? Should we trust them? Are they really driverless? There are some negative and positive studies for driverless cars. Should we go with the negaitive or the positve outcomes? For myself personaly, im going to say that I wouldnt trust driverless cars. Its safe for me to say that i am against the use of driverless cars. I believe that there may be more car accidents with these driverless cars.

Let's start with the negative results on driverless cars. These driverless cars arent so driverless, in some cases the driverless cars still require actual drivers to be in control. For example, if the driverless car has no actual driver in it and needs to go around an accient or construction site and so on, how is it going to know which way to go or how to get around? It seems very unsafe for a driverless car to go around an obstacle when not having any clue how to get around it. Driverless cars are seeming to be very dangerous for human beings. These "Driverless Cars" are likely to a hazardess situation for pedestrains, passengers, and drivers.

Now let's get to the positive outcomes of driverless cars. Yes, having driverless cars makes us have to do less work. But is driving honestly that much work? A postive outcome is that we wont have to spend a ton of money of fuel each and everyday. In some cases driverless cars do seem safe. Its a good thing that there will be sensors, cameras, a GPS reciever, and things like that to keep things safe.

Is Google doing a good thing us human beings or is it just trying to richer? Studies state that Google was one of the first websites to come up with Driverless Cars. I believe that Google is only trying to benefit for themselves on this driverless car concept. There is too many negitive things about it for it being a benefit to human beings. It seems to be not much of a good thing for human beings but a really good thing for Google. Should we trust this kind of idea from Google or any website in that matter?

I believe that driverless cars will have a huge negitive impact on human beings. This idea is not safe, its safer to just have actual people driving cars instead of computers driving for us. Why even put alot of money into driverless cars when people will still have to control them at times? To me its a waste of time and money. Whats your thought on driverless cars? Do you think its safe?            