Distance learining is an option students have now that allows them to attend class from home by way of online or video confrencing. Distance learning has been getting more popular as the years go by for high school students. There has been controversy though, on whether or not students will benefit through attending class via online at home. Reasons such as not being able to be one on one with the teacher, cheating, and not staying on task are why students will not benefit from being able to take classes at home.

The first reason why students will not benefit from being able to take classes at home is not having the opportunity to be one on one with your teacher. In a normal classroom teachers are there to help and support the students. Students are able to get their specific questions answered by teachers and are also able to stay after school to get more help or study with teachers. By attending class at home students are not able to ask teacher specific questions that they would be able to if they went to a normal school. Students also loose the opportunity of staying after school for any help from teachers or any extra curricular activities. By attending class online students loose so many opportunities that they would have had with teachers if they went to school.

The next reason on why students will not benefit from being able to take classes at home is the amount of cheating that will happen if they did. Cheating is already a major problem most schools face and distance learning won't help stop cheating at all. Distance learning gives studnets the chance to cheat by using any other resources they have while, for example taking a test. The disadvantage to this is that teachers or administrators would not be able to do anything about it becausse they won't be there to see it or stop it. There would be no way of stoping students from cheating while taking a test or a quiz because no one will be able to supervise them. Also distance learning will increase the amount of school work shared online. Students may think that by getting a good grade by cheating will benefit them but in the long run it will not. When cheating students will tend to rely on it and will not be able to learn the material.

The final reason on why students will not benefit from being able to attend class from home is the distractions. At school there are almost zero distractions other than other students. But in distance learning it's almost the complete opposite. In a classroom students are not able to use their phones and talk to other students when they are learing which tends to make the student focus more on the curriculam. At home studnets are not be watched over which tends to make the student get off task. When students or not on task they eventually start falling behind which is likely to occur when being able to class online. Distance learning is not beneficial to student compared to learning at school because it ussually associates to the student not on task.

Some people may say that distance learing is beneficial to the student becuase it allows them to learn on their on pace at home, but there are many cons then pros with distance learning. Reasons such as not being able to see the teacher one on one, higher amount of cheating, and not being able to stay on task prove that there are more negatives that comes with distance learning than positives. Overall as more and more high school students choose to take distance learining the better and more beneficial option is to learn at school.