Today I will be talking about being on your phone while driving and why you shouldn't do it. We will be speaking about what can happen if you be on your phone while driving and what the punishment may be. And we will speak about the reason we shouldn't do it and what may happen if we do.

You shouldn't be on your phone in the car because you can get distracted from the road and in up doing something or crashing. Also if you have someone else in the car with you, you will end up putting their life at risk there life shouldn't be in the hands of someone who focus on their phone more than driving. Texting & driving is more debilitating to your reaction time than driving while under the influence of alcohol. That shows that what you are doing on your phone you will be more on that then driving and have more of a chance of crashing or getting in a wreck.

Now we will be talking about the punishment for being on your phone while driving. Monetary fines these can range from as low as $20 up to $500 depending on the state. Is it really worth almost $500 just so you can send that message. Next is in some states texting while driving can result in criminal misdemeanor charges. Finally, if the offense has resulted in bodily injury to another driver, jail or prison time may be imposed. You can end up going to jail and or prison just for being on your phone these thing are given to you because of the dangers of being on your phone while driving. People who chose to be on their phone while driving are choosing to put other people in danger because you want to see who texted you.

For, Conclusion being on your phone while driving is very bad it can end up to you getting in an accident even end up hurting other people on the road. The outcome of you being on your phone while driving you can have to pay a fine for over $500 and next even jail time. There is no good reason for you to be on your phone while driving whenever you really need to check your phone pull over and do so but doing on while driving is never a good thing. To end this all off being on your pone while driving never do just don't it just ends in pain and regret.          