The future is coming in fast. Driverless cars are what everybody has been waiting for. Sense 2009, cars have been created where they can drive by themselves under very specific conditions. They are the next big thing, but are they safe? Driverless cars are still being worked on, they are not very accurate, and the manufactures are only assuming that the problems ahead will be solved.

Driverless cars are constantly being worked on. They will never stop being worked on. In all cases, humans are actually still needed while sitting in a driverless car. "This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." This quote simply means that while sitting in a "driverless" car, humans are still required to pay full attention and take over when needed. Driverless cars should be true to their title. They shouldn't be called "Driverless cars" if humans still have to drive it. Also, this means that the cars are going to be constantly worked on because they will always have a new techonological problem that they are going to need to fix in order for the car to fully be able to drive itself.

Driverless cars are not accurate at all. People are still in need of some answers. "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault - the driver, or the manufacturer?" This shouldn't even be a question that the people would need answers to. Now, if driverless cars are going to be the next huge world-changer, than the manufacturues are somehow going to need to make the cars seemless. They are going to need better sensers, cameras, better navigation. They are always going to need to be better. Also, driverless cars should be something that a human can just hop right into, and relax while driving to work or to the grocery store. It shouldn't be something that humans have to be alert and scared while driving because they know that at any time, something could go wrong. If questions like this are being asked, the company just simply isn't accurate enough.

Manufactures are working on driverless cars all of the time. Does this mean that they have exactly what they need to make the cars flawless? "Automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems will be solved." This quote simply means that the makers of the cars are still uncertain about whether or not they are going to be everything that everyone has been dreaming of. They don't even know if the problems that lie ahead will be solved! How could people trust their lives in the hands of such an uncertain and inaccurate company?

In conclusion, yes, a seemingly perfect driverless car would be totally awesome to have. It would be awesome to just relax and have the driverless car take you to go on a vacation or to work. The chances that people are willing to take is up to them. Driverless cars are still being worked on, they just aren't accurate enough, and the makers of these cars are still uncertain about them. Driverless cars just aren't ready and may not ever be ready to hand off to someone who intrusts their lives to the manufacturer or to the car. Questions are still unanswered, and they may not ever be answered; Therefore, driverless cars are not the best choice for our future.             