When people ask for advise, they usually don't know what path or choice to make.

When people make a wrong desition they can mess something up in their life. That can mean the world to them like a wife/husban or his/her kids. They can set a bad influence on small kids by going to jail or by doing something a criminal might do. That is why most people go to jail and don't come out for a very long long time. That sucks to not see your mom/dad for a very long time and that can be depressing on some people.

Then if they make a good choice they won't get in trouble or get in federal trouble. that can make a good influence on your childeren and that can give them a better futer in this world. If you talk to the right person that gives you good advise. That can be a very good choice for you and your family because they won't have to see you in jail through a little window.

Just what im saying is if you mess up by talking to the wrong person you can set a bad influence on people, more family and that would suck to see your chidren and wife through a little window in a prison trust me I have been through it all. if you get in bad trouble you can probubly fix it and just get a ticket, fin, or mistimener you can fix it dont make the wrong choice and get in trouble do what you think is the best for you and your family. Don't think bout other just worry bout you and your family not anybody else

Also if you do they can take your stuff, steal money, stab you in the back and also become an turn on you, a freind is a doller in your pocket and your pocket gots a hole my mom says that to me a lot. Just do what your heart says not other people because the can get you in a lot of trouble.

This is what can go good for you, if you make the right choice you can go to college and get a degree in something you like. You can get a good job and get a good house, good car and always have money on you just in case of anything. You also can help out your perents get a good house and you won't have to put them in a home and you can also bye what your kids want when ever they wan't and you won't have to go through the bad stuff in the world like most people go through to put food on the table.