Is answering a cell phone call worth losing your life over? How about reading to a text? Using your cell phone while driving is very dangerous. I looking away from the road for one second can cause car accidents or maybe even kill someone. can cause a car accident just looking away just to look at your child for just a second you look away can cause an accident. There have been millions of deaths coming from having car accident having your phone out while driving or even being on your cell phone can cause a car accident.

Cell phone use while driving leads to many crashes. There are reported 1.6 million each year. Teen driver's cell phone use has led to the most car accidents. According to 21 percent of teen drivers involved in fatal accidents were distracted by their cell phones. Injuries by just sending one text can cause a car accident as according to general cell phone statistics use of cell phones and driving becomes a problem and increase of an accident in the year of 2016 660,000 drivers are attempting to use their phones while behind the wheel smartphones have made it easy for us to stay connected, were 20 years ago, cell phones were not a problem and there was not as many car accidents as there are now.

Texting while driving has caused so many car accidents 1 out of 4 car accidents in the united states is caused by texting and driving. Using cellphones while driving is very dangerous and have killed millions of people in the world sending just one quick text can cause a car accident is that really worth it? Killing yourself or killing somebody else just because you didn't wait to send a text in 2017 3,166 people were killed by texting while driving. and driving while children are in the car you should most definitely should wait to send a text because when somebody gets in the car with you and you are driving you are responsible for that person's life.

The National Safety Council reports nearly 390,000 injuries are caused just from texting and driving is not safe at all when a driving is listening to a conversation or music the brain power. he or she dedicates to driving decreased by 40% and another thing drivers talking on the phone cause the most car accidents. even just dialing a phone number can cause an accident just looking at your child can just for 2 seconds can cause an accident. or just looking down at your phone to see whos calling you it takes time to get into a car accidents it's very important that you pay close attention to the road and not just you other drivers too.

I believe that drivers should not use cell phones while driving. Because texting while driving can cause car accidents. And can cause bad injury you can kill yourself and other people lives when you get behind that wheel. it's a must you pay close attention to the road and keep your eyes on the road at all times cause a car accident can happen in just one second and then boom now your in a wreck just because you want to look down at your phone.                                                                                                 