Dear senator, I believe that we should change the electoral college to popular vote. The reason why I believe this is because it's much more simplier and has less problems.

To start off with, its more simplier than the Electoral College. The reason why it simplier is because its much fast and easy than the electoral college. For example,"Who picks the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes state conventions, somethimes the state party's central committee, somethimes the presidential candidates themselves. Can voters control whom thier electors vote for? Not always. Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candiddate? Sometimes". This quote just shows how confusing the electoral college is. Another example,"It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. This quote explains that the electoral college is outdated and should be changed.

To contiune, using the popular vote has less problems than the electoral college. For example "The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse. Consider that state legislatures are technically resposible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people. This quote explains that the electoral college will always cause a problem with voting the president you want. Another example "It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality elections are spurious at best". This quote explans that we should abolish the electoral college and it also points out the flaws of it.

To end this off, I still believe that we should get rid of the electoral college. Wheather it's because it has several problems with it or because the popular vote is much more simplier. This is why senator i think we should get rid of the electoral college.    