I had no idea that becoming a seagoing cowboy would impact my life that much. There are many reasons that seagoing cowboys are amazing. I will be sharing 3 reasons why I think becoming a seagoing cowboy is an amazing opportunity. Maybe you will want to become one to.

One of the reasons I think becoming a seagoing cowboy is a amazing chance is because, there are so many amazing site to see. In paragraph 5 it says "'The cattle-boat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a small town boy," he says. 'Besides help people I had the benefit of seeing Europe and China. BUt seeking Acropolis in Greece was specail' he says. 'So was taking a gondola ride in my Venice, Italy, a city with streets of water.' Luke also toured an excavated castle in Crete and marveled at the Panama Canal on his way to China." This shows he really did enjoy seeing the sites.

Another reasons why I think you should become a seagoing cowboy is because you are helping people. In paragraph 2 it says "UNRRA hired 'Seagoing Cowboys' to take care of horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas." This program helped people that are depending on livestock get what they need over seas.

My last reason why I think you should become a "Seagoing Cowboy" is that we have a lot of fun on board. In paragraph 8 it says "Luke also found time to have fun on board, especially on return trips after the animals had been unloaded. The cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. Table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped to pass the time." It is very enjoy able to play with friends on the way back.

There are many reasons why being a "Seagoing Cowboy" is fun. There are many sites to see and they are all so beautiful, You are help people that depend on livestock, and it is very fun on board playing baseball and volleyball. I think being a "Seagoing Cowboy" is a opportunity that you should take if you get the chance ever in your life time. 