Majority of people only go to one friend when they are in need of advice. But actually, asking multiple people for help is a better option. First off, everyone has a different point of view or opinion. Second, everybody has had different life experiences. Lastly, to have reassurance that your source is liable. To conclude, hearing more than one friends' advice is a more reliable and trustworthy than only hearing a single person's opinion.

First, everyone has their own opinion. Your opinion is what makes your advice personable. As an example, someone may ask you whether they should help their friend or not. They could go to one friend who will only give their opinion or you could go to multiple people who will give you both sides so you can make the decision for yourself. With multiple opinions, you will get to have all the information to make your final say.

Second, everbody comes from a different experiences or opportunities. They have all had their own past experiences which weighs in on their advice. For example, if you ask two people if you should go skydiving who have done it before, they might have different sides on it because of their experience.

One person could have had a near death experiece, so they would reccomend you did not go. While, the other person could have had so much fun and would reccomend. This gives you a variety of answers and can even help you on the little things such as where to go, who to ask for, etc.

Lastly, to make sure that the first person is trustworthy. People can be unreliable for numerous reasons. For instance, Generic_Name and Generic_Name going up for the same promotion. Generic_Name asks Generic_Name for advice to get the promotion. Generic_Name could sabatage him so he gets the promotion. If multiple people say the same advice as Generic_Name time and time again, then Generic_Name is probably trying to help him get it. Having lots of people tell you advice is a great way to cofirm your first opinion.

In conclusion, asking multiple people for advice is better than asking a single person for help. This is because everyone has had different experiences, have different opinions, and to just confirm the source's advice is liable. From now on, when you have a problem, you should get many of your friends' input.