From a young age students are told that school is the primary and for many the only responsibility they hold. Now this may be true for the majority of a child's life as a scholar: up until they're final years of school. At this point students lives are composed of many more factors, as opposed to when they were in elementary or middle school. They're more likely to have a job, some may even have families of their own. Not to mention they are more prone to social issues such as bullying and anxiety, which can easily lead to depression. These are just a few reasons as to why online or video conferencing schooling are greatly beneficial.

In a school where their are all types of personas each distinct from the other there are bound to be conflicting differences which can lead to bullying. As students grow in age they are more likely to silence bullying behavior to authority figures and try to solve the issues between themselves. This could cause the conflict to be unresolved as well as to increasingly worsen. Physical harassment could easily become a factor to the issue. This could push the victim to drug use, self harm, and in tragic instances suicide as forms to cope with bullying. Education away from school could work as a resolution to many of these cases. It would allow students to learn in a safe zone away from threats.

School can be highly stressful for some students more then other. Students who struggle with mental illnesses such as anxiety, PTSD, OCD, and cluster phobia are at major risk of experiencing an episode or attack in a school environment. Students with these struggles are likely to focus less on their academics and more on avoiding possible triggers. Distant learning would permit these students to educate in a comfortable space. Some may argue that exposure to a triggering environment could allow students to become accustomed to what sparks them. This is true however, exposure should be conducted in a controlled environment where the student can be pulled out of if they become overwhelmed, not at school where most factors are uncalled for.

Students enter school as kids and graduate as adults but many begin to adult before their graduation date. Many scholars become a part of the work force, some voluntarily, for others its mandatory. School hours could become a true interference for the student. Speaking from experience working long hours then proceeding to wake up early the next morning for class has proven difficult. Showing up tardy or missing the school day completely due to tiredness is not uncommon. As well as struggling to keep up with class work and maintaining satisfying grades. This could become the cause of failing classes, the school year, and most disappointing dropping out of school all together. Having the choice of nontraditional out of school education could be the most reasonable option for these scholars. They would have the privilege of attending school on their own schedule, allowing for a balance between their academics and personal lives.

Scholars are often faced with not only entering adulthood while attending school but parenthood as well. This could be the single most difficult situation as well as the most likely for a student to drop out if in. Morning sickness, doctor visits, and any complications are just three of the many excuses for absences in school during the pregnancy. Without mention of the postpartum reasons, the biggest being the caring for the child itself. One if not both parents are likely to enter the work force to be able to meet economic needs. This leaves no room for traditional schooling. Luckily the young parents can take advantage of at home schooling and can continue to attend school and graduate to the very best of their ability.

Traditional school may be right for the majority of students, but for other schools its perceived as a challenge and interference to other variables in their lives. Without at home online and video conference classes it would be difficult and close to impossible to continue attending and to graduate school for these students. These nontraditional choices open doors and allow for opportunities they other wise would not have. Not everyone is the same, nothing is one size fits all, and that is why distance learning is crucially beneficial.