For the past few years, people have come to theories that the Electoral College is flawed. Citizens have come to this conclusion due to the fact that Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and AFL-CIO, all agreed to abolish the electoral college. Also, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind the U.S. is using now. Finally, under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who then, in turn, elect the president. The election system should be changed to popular vote for the President of the United States because the system is more reliable, and the president is chosen by the people.

Due to past problems in the Electoral College, people can come to a conclusion and say that the popular vote system is more reliable. As mentioned in Source 2, Bradford Plumer says that, "The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse." The Electoral College was to be blamed when in 2000, the electors defied the will of the people. On the contrary, as stated in Source 1, "The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." Even the Founding Fathers believed in the vote from the people to elect their leader, but it has shifted away from it.

It was always believed that the people elected the president, but it has been proved that it isnt that way. As mentioned in Source 3, "Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide and election." Due to the Electoral College, voters, knowing their vote will have no effect, will have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were chosen by popular vote. This shows that if citizens knew that their votes were for voting for someone to elect their president, they would lose interest and stop voting.

Overall, the popular vote system is more reliable because of the vote of the citizens, rather from a slate of electors. Also, it was believed that people elected the president, but in reality, people voted for electors to vote for their president. Next, the Electoral College has many flaws, one of them being that the electors defy the will of the people. And also, that electors may be replaced on purpose to go against a candidate. Finally, the Electoral College should be abolished because it is unfair, outdated, and irrational.                       