Have you ever had an issue and sought for advice from multiple people?

Sometimes asking more than one person can have a bad outcome but i'm going to be talking about the good ones.

I think that asking multiple people can cause good things for example reassurance, or it can help you think more about the situation, and help you be more independent.

When you are asking someone for advice and you are not quite sure of what to do then you could try asking another friend and they could have the same answer that the first person did and it is very reassuring. For example if you are really upset because you and your friend got into a fight and you dont want to fight with them then you could just ask someone on what you should do and whatever they tell you then you could go ask someone else and if they come to the same conclusion as the other person then you will feel reassured and will follow with that advice. However there is an disadvantage in that if the people you ask come to different conclusions then it can cause you more confusion.

I think that if you get more than one piece of advice that is different then you could be very confused and it can make the situation worse. Sometimes it can really help for example when you get the information back and it is different then it can make you think more about what to do in that situation and what you can do to make things easier on yourself. Sometimes it really can be hard through personal experience if you feel like one of the two different options if better then you are really going to want to choose that one but you really need to think about your actions before you make a mistake.

Everyone has had a conflict that they need help with solving. When you need help you should go to the closest people to you because they know you more than anyone. After you ask them you should take that information and really just think about what to do next. Once youve decided on what you want to do then you can make a plan on what you are doing and execute it. Sometimes you can solve problems on your own though but sometimes you equally need a couple friends there to ask for help in times of need.

In conclusion I think that asking more than one person for advice can be very useful and helpful. It can be hard at some points but it really helps you think and be reassured that what you are doing is the correct decision. One thing you should always do is reach out in times of need.