It is a very complex system when it comes to electing the president. The system is called the Electoral College. Citizens of the United States think that they are 'actually' voting for their new presient but the are not. They are merly being led on by the government but their vote does count for someting. I myself think that we should keep the system of the electoral college because we vote for who we want through the electorals but not everybody agrees on the concept of the Electoral College.

Electoral College is a very boring concept but it is one way how the nation keeps running. In

What Is the Electoral College?

it hepls people understand what the electoral college is. "The Electoral Collge process consisits of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the elctoral votes by Congress." But before the electors vote they have to 'get' their votes from the votes of the citizen on who they want as president. So we are still voting but by people (electors) who base thier votes off ours.

Many citzens disagree with the system of voting a president. From the article

Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defense of the system are wrong it states that "..according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore...won the popular vote but lost the presidency." How is that even possible? The reason Al Gore did not win presidency was he did not have the 270 electoral votes (thats how many you need to win presidency). Citzens were furious because they want Al Gore as president not Bush. None the less even if the government fixed the so called problems people would always find something they do not like about the electoral college.

So based of everything ny opinion does not matter and nor does yours becuase our nation has had the Electoral College for at least 100 years. Of course people complain that it is not fair but it keeps the nation running. So it comes down to wheather our votes count or f they do not. But what if the United States did not elect the president by the Electoral College or by popular votes how would the president be elected?                                                                     