Driverless cars can be seen as an advantage or a shipwreck waiting to happen. Yes, humans have dreamed of this technology for generations, but is it truly what we need? Honestly, driverless cars could potentially cause more harm than good. They even sound scary: if a person, not in their right mind, can't drive a car functioanlly, then why can a computer? A super being that can't even think for themself? I am against the developement of these cars because they're too expensive to manufacture at a good rate, they require a driver at some point in time, and they're illegal in various areas of the United States.

As explained in the article, two seperate companies already came up with patents for driverless vehicles. They used electrical cables/ magnents within the road to create a path that the automobile could follow. As said in paragraph three, these ideas worked surprisingly well, yet they were too expensive to be practical. This idea was invented decades ago; everything was cheaper back then. Now a days, this idea also seems inpractical. the cost for these "smart cars" will remain insanely costly. the manufacturors will be out money because the people won't be able to afford these high priced gadgets.

I, for one, love car rides when I can't sleep at night. They help me drift off into sleep so easily and in a such a fast manor. Hundreds of people across the globe fall asleep at the wheel of an aoutmobile every week. Even with all the distractions of driving, they can't resist falling alseep. So imagine, having no distractions at all, how easy it would be to doze into that comfortable state of mind. In the article it states that drivers are occasionally needed when the car is faced with a difficult task. If driver drifted off to sleep, a wreck is bound to happen. I also feel as though too many people will put too much faith into their vehicle that they'll become unaware and uncareful about what's going on in particular scenarios that they are needed in, and they'll find themselves in a fateal accident.

What good if a car in a round country trip if it's illegal to drive in certain states? What are people supposed to do if they cross the boarder into a state that disapproves of these new and "improved" vehicles? Just turn around and take another route? It's pointless to have a vehicle you can't take everywhere with you. Laws aren't just made for no reason; they're there to keep the community safe. If it's supposedly dangerous to ride in an un-manned vehicle, then why do it? In paragraph nine, it states that presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. I believe in this law wholey and completely.

In my opinion, driverless cars are unsafe. There are many statistics and facts stating that safety is a huge risk with these vehicles and it's very true. A computer cannot possibly predict how a human mind will act or what a person will do unconciously; these vehicles won't be able to have last minute reactions.

I am against the developement of these cars because they're too expensive to manufacture at a good rate, they do require a driver at some point in time, and they're illegal in various areas of the United States. Driverless cars are thought to be the future; I want no part in such a dangerous place. 