You ever wonder if there are any benefits on being home schooled? Schools are offering students the option to be able to take their courses from home but what good does it do? In reality, having students attend a school is a far better option. By having students attend a school they are able to gain social, collaborative, and different learning skills.

Being able to gain social skills will ultimately helps one's life. By attending a school Students are able to break out of their shell and be able to express themselves in many different ways. Presentations would build their communication skills that could help them in the future for a job interview or a meeting at work. Students would start to get comfortable with the idea of presenting to an audience and would get to speak to them without an issue. Schools also allow students the opportunity to meet different types of students that might end up being their friends. From past experiences having someone to be with throughout a school year is honestly a great moment. Not only do students get to have fun and be kids but they get to watch each other mature, which would strengthen their bond. Students are able to build off of experiences they have went through or from others so they could grow from them and try to better themselves.

Collaborative skills is a great ability for students to have. Schools do provide the opportunity for students to grow their collaborative ability and make it their own. For example, there is a high school course called "AVID" which teaches students to use their collaborative skills for questions they dont understand. Students ask questions that might lead them to find an understanding of how the question should be answered. Students also do a lot of presentations with group members for college researches. AVID's main goal for students is to frequently ask questions that they might be confused about. As I mentioned earlier, students being able to work in groups really allows them grow in being able to take a role in their work. Their leadership skills would also be developed giving them responsibility.

A school's teaching ability would improve a student's life by them learning how to build their skills and how would students apply them to their everyday lives.

Schools provide different learning experiences students may benefit from. It is known that each teacher has their own way of teaching their class. Some students may not like the way certain teachers teach but those are usually the ones that stand out the most. By having students struggle in a class they are improving their rigor. Taking rigorous classes would improve their learning skills which students could apply for other classes. Also, students could learn different learning methods from their teachers. Some teachers may have their own methods that may be easier and less time consuming. But, there are students that may have a hard time to be in that sort of situation. There are students that may face mental health issues that may be the reason why they are considering being home schooled. Students may not be able to handle a classroom environment, which is a good reason for them to have their course be taken at home. It would benefit students being able to learn in a comfortable environment for them.

In conclusion, allowing students to attend a school environment would benefit their lives in many ways. Schools do provide students an environment where they could benefit in the future is the school's main goal. Students are able to experience many different events that could change their lives for the better. Schools do provide the platform for students to be able to live a successful life. Schools are meant to lead future generations to become far greater than the previous so why change that now? 