Dear Senator of Florida,

What's recently been rated the most despised way of voting? Electoral college. It's outdated,unfair,and irrational. If the people are really voting why is it up to eletoral college to decide. I think giving the people the power to vote is a great idea,but popular vote should really be the decider of who gets to be the president Popular vote can be changed though,we could make it a safer and more truthful way of voting. We can live in space for months,discover all sorts of life forms, and so much more. Yet we keep advancing,it's about time for some change in voting. I think electoral college should be aboished.

There's so many ways we could make popular vote work. Basically the citizens don't really vote,it's all up to senate. It's everyone else's opinion not really socitey's. Which i think is very unfair. Popular vote can be a good thing. It can be made safer. We can use technology,a camera in the voting booths to monitor cheating, and the upcoming electors have to be watched to make sure there is no cheating or voting fraud. Even though there shouldn't be voting fraud,we can prevent it. I'd like to say the people of the nation should be able to vote for their own president,not someone else who is probably paid off by the electors. Cheating will go down if popular vote is used instead of electoral college,the elector can't pay everyone in the U.S  off. We need some type of change.

Electoral college has been around since our founding fathers,it's even in the 23rd amendment. It's like a tradition but some thimes you find better traditions. I'm not saying you have to change everything about elections, i'm just saying you could use some little tweaks. Electoral college is a process, along with everything else in life. Most U.S citizenz don't even vote, they think their opinion doesn't matter. I think the U.S government should embody the U.S and their citizens, not just senate or electoral college. Electoral college had a good run now it's time to change. We need to take action. If our vote is overruled by senate why vote? Electoral vote is anachronism. It's the 21rst millenium let's make it the best yet.            