Is it better to talk to someone about your feelings?

Well, keeping your feelings bottled up isn't the best idea. keeping your feelings hidden changes the way you live your everyday life. However there is a way to help yourself. Studies show that talking to people, or at least just one, can help you feel heard, can help you with decisions, and can help you get help if needed.

One reason why getting help is important is that you can feel heard to others especially when feeling alone. When you talk to someone they can relate to you and maybe help you out. Sometimes you can make new friends to talk and listen. Talking to others releases any strong emotions that are inside of you. Feeling heard, relating to others, and communicating are some of the best feelings out there because you won't feel judged, but instead you'll feel like you're walking on clouds.

Additionally it's better to talk to someone because that person can help you make decisions. Sometimes emotions can blur your mind to the point where you'll start making bad decisions. Communicating with someone can clear your mind, and can help lead you to the right path. For example, I once almost gave up on my grades because I wasn't doing to well, but then my mother told me to always try my hardest even when it seems impossible. My mother never went to college, so when she told me that, I wanted to try my hardest, so that I can go to college to fulfill her dreams of me having a better life.

The final reason why talking to someone is always helpful is that they can help you get the help you need. When dealing with depression, it's never a good option to handle that battle alone. My friend had depression and never talked to me about it. I could see the signs and would tell him that talking to me would help and make him feel better. He ended up telling me a lot and almost killed himself, but then I tried my hardest to help him realize there's a lot more to life then to be sad. He went to a therapist and got the help he needed.

In conclusion Talking to at least one person can help. In my opinon I always feel better after letting my emotions out to someone I trust. Though it may seem difficult for some, it's always best to try. A friend, family member, or even a trusted adult can help you onto the right path. Always ask for advice and help when you think you need it.