Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their time away from school. I argue that these summer projects be student-designed instead of teacher-designed. They should be student-designed because it tells the teacher what the student actually learned throughout the school year, and makes the student go at their own pace instead of feeling rushed.

Having a student design their own project shows what they have learned throughout the school year. If a teacher was to design a project for a class of students, most of them will not even try. Most of them would try to find ways to finish the project without showing that they had learned anything during the school year. But having a student design their own project shows that they have learned something during the school year, and had a decent knowledge of what they had learned. Also a student-designed project will make the student not feel rushed.

Having a student-designed project will make the student go at his or her pace. When a teacher makes a project for a class, theres most likely a rubric that the students must follow and a deadline of when the project must be turned in. Most students will feel rushed and will not put their maximum effort into doing the project on their own, and will probably try to cheat or copy of the internet. But having students design their own projects, they set their own rubric and follow their own deadline of when to get it done. When going at their own pace students will show their maximum effort into their project.

Summer projects are required by some schools to assure that the students had learned something from the previous year and to continue their learning for the following year. It will tell the teacher what the student had learned and may need help on. Also it will also make the student not feel rushed when he or she was making the project. Giving a student the chance to design their own project will show self-advocacy and how independent they are. Therefore, I believe that summer projects should be student-designed rather that teacher-designed.             