Should school summer projects be created by students or teachers?

Imagine its the last day of school , everyone is excited to get out of school, but the teacher said there will be a summer project. Everyone would be upset and disapointed, but what if that teacher gave you a choice to create your own summer assignment? Although some people say summer assignments are more effective, actually summer assignments are more effective when created by students.

Some people think summer assignments are better off in the hands of a teacher, because they believe teachers have more experience, and can provide the best preparation for the following year. For instance, you have a history teacher teaching world history, but towards the end of fourth quarter he gives you a large packet on US history to complete for a summer project. This shows that the specific teacher who was teaching world history, is trying to prepare the student the best he can, by providing him with a project with all the information he needs to know to succeed in a history class the following year.

However, if students were given a choice to design their own summer projects, they would be able to work on topics they enjoy, which will change the mood on summer assignments forever. For instance, if a teacher decided to give summer assignments over the long break, she would give her students a big boring projects thats due in the fall. However, if that teacher gave the student a choice to create thier own project, it could be portrayed from their own personal interests, which would make the student much more excited to complete the project. Furthermore, if something interests you, you will be excited to do it, but if something is boring, than you are more likely to feel depressed about doing it, which would eventually lead to procrastination.

On the other hand, if students were given a choice to create their own summer project, the rate of missing projects would decrease tremendously. For instance, a teacher gives everyone a project on world war one, but the people who enjoy wars and the event of world war one would do the project with excitement, while others would do it because they want good grades. However, if students created their own project, it would allow everyone the right to choose thier own topic. This would make everyone excited to do thier own project. This will also allow students to pick out thier particular interest, which will make them more likely to do the project leading to the downfall of missing assignments.

Also, if students were given a choice to design their own summer project, it possibly could influence them and in the future they might consider going into a teaching major. For instance, if a student was designing a project, and had great interest in planning the project itself, it might give him an inspiration to become a teacher in the future. This not only will help the student plan his future, but it would also allow others to find their future as well. If all the students were allowed to plan their own summer project, there could be a possibility that at least one of the students enjoyed planning the project ultimately influencing them to become a teacher.

In conclusion, students should have the choice to design their own summer projects, because of the benefits it provides. This would not only cause the rate of missing projects to decline, but it will also let students chose their topics for their projects, making the student excited to complete the assignment. It will also create a plan for students who enjoyed planning the project, ultimately influencing them to go into a teaching major.