Ever since the invention of cars, people have used them in their everyday travel, whether it is to work or to pick up kids from school. However, over the past few year, car usage has been decreasing steadily in countries around the world. Limiting car usage is beneficial to the sociey since it reduces polltion and hinders stress to the citizens.

An advantage of limiting car use is the decrease of the emission of greenhouse gases and overall pollution. In source one,

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars,

it is stated that reducing car usage, "is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes." In other words, the reducing of using cars in turn drastically reduces greenhouse gases emitted. This statement is important because the reduced amount of pollution in the air is an advantage to the citizens who limit car usage. Also, Elisabeth Rosental says in source four,

The End of Car Culture,

that the limiting of car usage, "will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions." This illustrates that cars are a major source of damage to the environment in America, and that the limiting of using the car will improve the overall atmosphere of the area. In that case, it is a major advantage since it drastically changes the environment for the better due to the decreasing of emissions. Plus, in source two,

Paris bans driving due to smog,

Robert Duffer further states that, "after days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." This explains that the using of cars affected the city of Paris so negatively, that they had to ban cars to clear the smog, or polluted air. The statement further goes to show that because of polltion, car usage has many disadvangtages in the sociey. Nevertheless, the decrease of pollution is an advantage in the limiting of car usage.

Lower stress levels in people is also a major advantage of limiting car usage. This is evident in source three,

Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota,

when it is stated that when not driving, "it's a good opportunity to take away stress." This statement reinforces the fact that limiting car usage relieves stress in people. It is important because the lowering of stress in turn makes the citizens of the socitey happier, which is an advantage of using a car less. On the other hand, in source one, Rosenthal writes that, "when I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." This means that when this person had a car, they were stressed, but when they sold their car, they had a more improved lifestyle. This statement demonstrates that when using a car less, people experienced a more positive way of life in comparison to their life with the constant reliance of driving a car. In source four, it is also written that, "commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time." The reducing of traffic by not using cars impacts stress levels since people do not have to worry about arriving at a place on time and having to sit in traffic for hours. This results in demonstrating how limiting car usage has a positive influence in a citizen's stress level. Based on this evidence, an advantage of limiting car usage is the lowering of stress levels.

In conclusion, limiting car usage is very beneficial because it decreases pollution and stops the raising of stress levels. This means that not overly relying on a car has many advantages to a citizen and the atmosphere they live in. It is important because in order to have an improved soceity with clean air and happier people, cars should be limited in when they are used to travel. People should then stop using their cars to get everywhere, and should instead try to walk or bike to get to their destination. By doing this, people will clearly see the effects of limiting car usage.                    