What is more comforting than doing your schoolwork in the comfort of your own home. Virtual or online learning can be more beneficial to students than learning in a large classroom. Students would have less of a chance to fall behind because they have all of their information right in front of them. They can focus better by not having all the distractions they would in a large classroom. If a student doesnt understand something they have as much time as they need to work on the topic. Students would have a better opportunity to succeed by staying in tuned in a class all online.

At home the student could learn at their own pace and still have the help from their teacher, some students find it hard to learn with tons of people in one room because there tends to be more distractions, it could cause them to fall behind. Virtual learning could solve most of the problems lots of students have: missing a few days because of being sick, going on vacation, or maybe they just couldnt focus that day. The students could go home and catch up on everything they missed without being confused the next class.

Students can set up an easier environment for them to learn in, they could be in complete silence to focus better or maybe play some music while they do their work, while they might not be able to do that in a classroom. They also can take however long to do their work at their own pace. People may ask how a student can ask questions or go to someone when they need help, the student can email the teacher at anytime or if its virtual you can ask during the lesson.

All of your classes in a school day are all the same length of time, if you were learning online at home you could spend more time on subjects that are more challenging than others. Students would have more time to complete assignments because there is no time limit on learning online. Some students cant focus when they are hungry as well and have to wait till lunch to eat, when you are doing a virtual course you can get up and get a snack at anytime without missing anything.

Virtual and online learning gives students a better opportunity to learn more for however much time they need. I could understand how someone may thing online learning could allow students to find themselves doing other things instead of their school work, but most online programs have a select amount of work you have to do or you fail the class. These programs allow students to stay caught up on work while at home, they would have a smaller chance of failing because of missed days. Online learning can open up a new realm of school for students by allowing them to create their own comfortable learning environment in their own home.                                  