I understand you think that the Face on mars was created by aliens or some other trype of unknown creature, but today im going to be proving to you that your theories and or accusations are all false. Here are some things to help you see the light of the situation.

First and foremost, NASA wouldn't just release the image of the Face on Mars to the whole world if we weren't sure their was some investigating to do regarding how the landform actually was formed. Not only that but if we weren't 100% sure if the landform was safe towards the lives of our fellow people then we would try to figure out whats going on until we actually tell the public what were really facing up against here, and that's even if we need to release the issue to the world it might be a very minor problem that can be fixed and or destroyed with our amazing team.

Secondly, with the technology we have today our team would've definitely knew something was up the first time we saw it. Honestly, these theories and assumptions that aliens or how other unknown creatures made that face, shows that we are not all on the same page. In certain ways it even shows offense toward NASA by questioning our research.

Finally, if this Face was created by another type of life that we may not know about then we most likely would've known about it by now. Quite frankly I think it's best if we don't ever come face-to-face with those different types of unknown life considering they may be way more advanced than our civilization with more advanced technology and many other things that mankind isn't ready for yet. They may end up being the enemy instead of the friend and that could very much jepordize mankind.

Furthermore, I could go on and on about how this is just another rock on an ever bigger rock, but you will still have your opinions and I will still have my research. I just hope that I have given you a better thought of what this whole fiasco people have caused really is instead of giving them false information. Thank you for reading.            