Dear TEACHER_NAME, Principal of SCHOOL_NAME,

I believe that everyone wants to have a litter-free community where everyone can live and be safe when exposed to the conditions outdoors. School especially since it is indeed the main occasion where many students are daily spending their days at. With that being said, I would like to let you know that the world would surely be a better place if everyone would cooperate and help out the community by doing community services. When people think about community service, most people would think of punishment; something that juvenile delinquents does as a punishment. That is not the case however. It is just something that would really help out the world and plays a major role in many lives.

My first reason why I truly believe that every children and adult should at least do some community services is because it helps out the world in a major way. Going around the block and picking up little pieces of trash or picking up bottles and recycling it really does help out. One person can truly make a major change. Your neighbors and home where you live in is the main place that should be kept clean so that you would feel safe to go out and not worry about getting sick and such.

Many kids and families in Africa for instance, however does not have a clean environmental economy. Every day they're exposed to many conditions such as diseases, bad fevers, and other conditions affecting their health. When you see how they're living, it's truly a horrible sight to see. On the other hand, America is a much more different society. When everyone cooperate and helps out, you can prevent these things from happening. Our place is much more easier to clean than in Africa and all we need to do is contribute. I believe everyone has a good side to themselves even though they don't realize it.

Keeping the world clean is a great thing, but there are also some other community services that you can do. This would be things such as taking care of animals in animal shelters. Every living thing deserves respect and when you show love towards animals, it really makes them understand that even though they have been through a lot in their past, they still have a great future ahead of them. Not only is taking care of animals a great thing, but at the same time you can be having a lot of fun!

So in conclusion, TEACHER_NAME, I know that with the help of everyone from around the world and especially in our community, the world would be a better place. Whether it's from humans to animals, plants to cars, if the world was kept clean and the environment safe, having community service will enable a lot of great things in life!

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME      