Everyone loves the summer, but the one thing that students do not look forward to, is summer projects. Summer projects should be teacher-designed because students will procrastinate when choosing the project, students will make the project too easy, and teachers are more experienced than students.

School can be very stressful for a student, but that might not always fall on the teacher. Students tend to make things harder for themselves by waiting at the last minute to complete assignments, especially when they are given more freedom on the project. Summer is the best time of the year for a student and they do not want to spend that time thinking of what topic or project they should choose. Students will procrastinate and wait to the very last minute to come up and complete their assignment. If a teacher picked the assignment, they can give students the tools and structure they need to make an A+ worthy project.

Right after the final bell to signal the start of summer, a student earns a sense of freedom and accomplishment. Summer is the time where students want to sit back, relax, and soak it all in. That's why if the summer project was designed by a student, the project would be way too easy. In the summer, all students want is the time to be young. To go out with friends and enjoy a warm summer night. But having a summer project to come up with gets in the way of that time. Students would want to get back to that time as soon as possible. Therefore, the students would make a project so easy that it would in no way benefit them. Students will find a way to make the easiest, and least time consuming activity for a project. Teachers, however can design a project with the right difficulty to help a student move forward with their learning, while also insuring the best summer vacation possible for the students.

During the 182 day school year teachers have a lot of projects and assignments to come up with. That's why when designing a summer project, teachers are the perfect people for the job. Students aren't as experienced as teachers when it comes to coming up with a project. Teachers make many projects over the course of the school year and they most likely have gotten the formula down by the time summer comes to a start. Teachers know how to structure and execute a project to help students learn to their fullest potential.

In conclusion summer projects should be designed by teachers because teachers have a better ability to structure a project, students will tend to procrastinate when given freedom on a project, and students will limit themselves by making the project way too easy. At the end of the day, summer projects are made to help students maintain their ability to learn over the summer and I believe that teachers are the people best suited to help students grow during their summer vacation.