Some believe that attending class from home via online classes benefits students' learning abilities, but quite the contrary. Most students like being at school for specific reasons pertaining to them. If students went to class online instead of physically being in the classroom then they would; not be motivated to get up and learn, not be as involved with school projects, and overall school would not be as enjoyable.

Being motivated to get up and leave the house is a feat of its own, but going to school is another. At school, students are able to talk to friends and socialize. if students are not able to talk to friends and colleagues, then no one would want to go to school. Most students favorite part of the school day is Lunch, reason being that they get to sit where they want and talk to whom they want to talk to. If students just sat at home for school, they would not learn any social skills.

School projects are not always the easiest, but there is a way to make them easier. Students must complete a school project for each class, no matter how big or small that project might be. At school, students are able to consult and talk to each other to help each other with the project, building social skills. Students are not able to be as involved at home than when they are at school.

It does make sense why virtual classes are easier to teach and be enrolled in, but there is still a factor missing. The factor missing with virtual classes is the physical human interaction. Physical human interaction helps teachers read body language and helps them tell whether a student is struggling or not. This is what makes school more enjoyable, human interaction. There are few ways of learning via virtual classes, but they are many ways of learning in a classroom. Also, being in a classroom with new people or old friends makes school a whole lot more enjoyable. Being able to talk to your teacher one on one after class or after school helps the student in a way that vitual classes cannot compare to.

Overall, students would benefit more from physically being in a classroom rather than taking virtual classes. Most students love being at school to see their friends, and sometimes their teachers. Physically being in a classroom will help them be motivated to actually go to school, be involved with school projects, and would be happier learning in a school environment. Those are the reasons why taking a virtual class would not benefit students as much as going to school traditionally.                                     