When the last day of school ends and summer begins, most students are happy to put their education on pause for a few months.

Some schools, however, encourage students into continuing their education over their break through the assignment of summer projects.

These summer projects should be designed by teachers.

Projects designed by teachers tend to be more well structured, and a teacher designed project would also be more challenging and engaging, encouraging students to continue learning over their season long break.

A summer project designed by a teacher would be better formatted than one designed by a student.

Teachers have more experience than students when it comes to project design, and a well-designed project would make for a meaningful learning experience for students.

Their experience would allow them to create a project that they know would be adequate in meeting the goals that a summer project wants to achieve, which is to encourage students to learn and enrich themselves during a long period of educational drought.

The teacher would also be able to design a balanced rubric to for the project, to ensure that all students learn the same, crucial research or analytical skills by completing the project.

A teacher designed project would be more equal; it would be less biased, as a student designed project would most likely be skewn to play towards their strengths, in order to make the task easier for them to complete.

Teachers would make a summer project more challenging.

More challenging projects would result in a higher quality learning experience and would also be more engaging.

The higher difficulty a project is, the more effort a student has to put in in order to get a good grade.

A rubric designed by a student and a rubric designed by a teacher would be very different, as a student would be more likely to increase the point values of less difficult categories and decrease the point values of more challenging categories.

A teacher would be less likely to be biased and establish appropriate point values that vary by difficulty; meaning, higher points would be assigned to more difficult sections and lower point values for easier sections.

In my own experience, I have learned more from projects that have required more time and effort than those that required little effort.

For example, in an online course that I am taking, I am required to write an APA formatted paper every two weeks about a topic that I know little to nothing about.

This experience has taught me a great deal more than an easier project would have.

As these higher difficulty projects require more effort, this would effectively meet the goal of a summer project, and coerce students to keep learning and furthering their education during their break.

While a student-designed project would allow students the opportunity to learn about what they were interested in, a teacher-designed project could easily accomplish the same task.

A teacher-designed project that allows a student the freedom to learn and research topics that they find interesting, would combine the benefits of a student-designed project and a teacher-designed project.

The good formatting and difficulty of a teacher-designed project paired with the creative freedom of a student-designed project would result in an assignment that would allow a student to learn about topics that they find interesting, thus meeting the goal of a summer project.

Allowing a student to choose what topic they research will also benefit them in long run, as tend to retain information that they find interesting, meaning that the project will not be completed just to start the new school year off with a good grade.

Summer break is usually a time for fun and relaxation, but that does not mean there is no time for learning and enriching yourself.

Summer projects encourage learning and enrichment, and a teacher-designed project would help to meet those goals more effectively than a student-designed project would.

Teachers would make a better structured project than students would, due to their experience with project design.

A teacher's project would also be more difficult and therefore more engaging for students, as a teacher would not be biased and make the project extremely easy.

In conclusion, a teacher-designed project would more effectively enrich a student's summer than a student-designed project would. 