I agree with this decision. It is important for students to do these activities so they can learn more about the things they like to do. Students should participate in extracurricular activities because they can become more social and do better in school.

Students should participate in extracurricular activities because they can become more social. Participating in clubs or sports will help students make new friends. If you are on a sports team and you dont know anybody, then you should make friends with them to help improve your teamwork. joining clubs or sports will also encourage students to go out more. This can relate to making new friends. If students have friends, then they might want to go and hangout more, and maybe even make more new friends. Students may also want to try new things. If students are doing something they enjoy, they might want to find other activities or clubs similar to the first one.

Students should also participate in extracurricular activities because it will help them do better in school. Extracurricular activities will help improve grades. If you are on a sports team, there might be a certain grade or GPA you have to keep. If you dont have a high enough grade, then you will be encouraged to do better and get your grades up. They will also improve relationships with teachers. If you are in a club that is run by a teacher you already have, then you will want to show them that you are a good student, even outside of class. You might even be able to ask for extra help. Students will also have more help with their work. This also relates to making new friends. If you are doing an assignment and you need help, then the people in your sport or club might be able to help you. Some of them might even have classes with you.

Students should be required to take an extracurricular activity because it will improve there social and help them maintain grades. There are lots of clubs and sports to choose from, so students have lots of options. I am in a club and it has helped me make new friends.