Some people might think after school actives are fun and some think not. Some principals think it is required for students to have an after school activity without thinking about how the students feel about after school actives. Students should have the right to choose weather to have and after school activity or not. Students should not have to participate in a extracurciuar activity after school because some students do not have the time, Not a student would like to be forced to do a after school activity, And not all students like to have an after school activity.

After a long day at school some students do not have the time to do an after school activity. They could have after school plans and can not do the activity they were supposed to do. Others have lots of homework to do after school although teachers say that would be a terrible excuse to say but every teacher does not know how much homework the kids have after they're class. Students after school might have to take care of a younger sibling or pet because their mother or father is at work or they could be doing something to help out their mother or father.

In many occasions students are force to do an after school activity chosen by the school district. Students are more likely to do the activity if they are to chose it instead of the school district. Because of the students disliking the activity they were assigned they would most likely to skip it and go on with they're day. so instead of forcing students to do an activity have options for them so they can pick for themselves.

Some students just do not like after school actives and they do not have a reason why they just don't. The students would rather study for and up coming test or quiz. They are stay at home kids they go to school and come back home to do whatever they need to do to pass school. Their is no explanation but they just dislike actives after school and if they do not like it then they should not be force to do something they do not want to do. they want to take the time to study and pass the grade instead of doing an after school activity.

After school actives can be every difficult to do for some students because some dont have the time, they would not like to be forced to do it,and some kids just do not like it at all. These are just some reasons on why not give after school actives to students but there are many more, people just do not think about how busy the life of a student is. 