Luke Bomberger, a member of the Seagoing Cowboys program, had a fun time while helping locations in ruins after wars. Luke got to have an amazing time helping people in need. The benefits of joining the Seagoing Cowboys program include helping other countries in need, a lot of free time with amazing experiences, and meeting new people that he worked with and the people that he helped recover. First, I will talk about how becoming a Seagoing Cowboy would not only benefit you but also benefit other people in countries that had been damaged from the wars.

The main reason Luke had joined the Seagoing Cowboys program was to help other people that lived in countries that had been involved in the wars. Luke joined the program to help them recover and Luke had said "It made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs." Luke had been talking about the Seagoing Cowboys program. Luke's family also hosted many international students and exchange visitors for many years. Luke learned about the current situation in other countries while on the trip while he was helping other people at the same. Secondly, I will talk about how Luke got a lot of free time and got to go to many places such as Greece.

The rides were not quick because the Seagoing Cowboys had to cross oceans. It took two weeks to a month to get to their desired destination. Luke was often kept busy with the animals to care for but when they were returning, he got a lot of time that he could spend with the other people on board or visit locations. Luke got to see the Acropolis in Greece, ride a gondola in Italy, tour a castle in Crete, and visit the Panama Canal in China. Luke also often did activities with the other men on board such as play sports in the space they had after unloading the animals. Luke was grateful for the opportunity of becoming a Seagoing Cowboy. Next, I will talk about how Luke got to meet new people.

Luke had just been invited by his friend, Don Reist, to go on a cattle ship so he didn't know many people on the ship. Luke got to meet the other Seagoing Cowboys during the acitivities onboard the cattle ship. Luke also got to meet new people in the locations he visited. Luke got to travel the world and meet new people from different places. It exposed Luke to the needs of countries and that was one thing Luke learned while being a Seagoing Cowboy. Finally, I will discuss why it would be a good idea to become a Seagoing Cowboy.

Becoming a Seagoing Cowboy had been hard work but it also had many benefits. Luke not only helped others but learned something about other people in other countries. Luke had many benefits from joining the program such as helping other people in different countries, having a fun time with other people, and meeting new people. in conclusion, becoming a Seagoing Cowboy could benefit anybody.