Imagine that you could take online classes at home,you could get more work done at home than you would at school. Well with online classes you can. Taking online classes at home would benifit any student because they would have less to worry about than they would normally at school. I believe that taking online classes would be benificial because you can focus more on school and your classes,online classes could have more subjects than what your local school may have to offer and if you're getting builled than online classes would be a better alternative.

First,by taking online classes you can focus more on your classes than your friends. One time,my friends and I were all put in the same first class which happened to be my best subject,history. My friends and I would always enjoy going to class because we would always mess around and goof off. Us messing around lead to us failing the class and eventually lead to us taking that class again in the following year. This is important because if I would have taken online classes I would have focused more on school and I would have passed the class which is what matters at the end of the day. Therefore,Online classes would be a better alternative for students who struggle to pay attention.

Second,by taking online school you could discover new classes that your local school may not have to offer. One time,I was taking a history science class but I wasnt intersted so I decided to drop the class and find a different history class. I ended up finding a class called European History and I picked it and took the class. I also found out that this class wasn't avaliable in school and it was only offered on online school. This is important because If I hadn't come across that class I would've still been taking the same history class from the begining and I would have most likey failed because it wasn't interesting. Therefore,online classes can benifit students because they can find even more interesting classes to take.

Finally,if you take online classes you wont have to worry about about getting bullied. One time,during my freshman year of highschool I was being bullied constantly for many reasons. I felt so bad and ended up not caring about my classes and I failed them. I switched to online classes and everything changed. Since I didnt have to worry about bullies I was able to focus more on my classes. Me being able to focus on school lead to me passing all my classes with an average of 93.8%.My mood and everything changed for the better. This is important because if I hadn't changed to online classes I wouldn't have passed. Therefore,online classes is a great alternative especially if you're getting bullied like I was.

Inconclusion,online classes are a great alternative for alot of students and everyone should consider or try it. Some people may say that students who take online classes will lack communication skills in thr real world. However,Students can take classes that help with cummunication skills online. All schools should offer online classes because they are a great alternative for many students.