It's a high risk for teenager's texting and driving they have become a part of our lives. People use their phone for just about anything such as: texting, talking, schedule planning, and internet sulfuring and etc. Sometimes we can do two of these things at the same time unfortunately, people are choosing the wrong times using their cell phones while they are driving. As a society we have to become more focused on how much we can do at one time that we are willing to risk our personal safety as well as safety of others because we can't put down our cell phones. Every day in the United States one out of ten people are killed by distracted drivers and a lot are injured in some way in crashed, by these irresponsible, distracted drivers. Most of the dangerous distracting activities that many people do is texting while driving. It's extremely dangerous because people who are doing this is putting more attention in texting, she/he is thinking about other things besides concentrating on driving. Driving requires a lot of focus and full attention. Distracted driving affects all drivers from time to time but can come with stiff consequences. Unfocused or distracted driving does not affect all drivers the same. Any task that takes your attention away from the road is a distraction. These include crying or fighting kids in the back seat, talking on the phone, eating lunch, and much more. Unfortunately, it is common for people to multitask while driving.

However, any distraction (eating with one hand and driving with another, looking away to grab a fallen object, spilling a beverage, etc.) which causes you to not devote full attention to driving can cause accidents. Banning cellphone usage is a law that has come about because of the high level of distraction from the devices and the number of people using them. Some states ban all usage while others ban only texting. Most people think that nothing will ever happen to them until, one day, it does. It only takes a split second of distraction to create a lifetime of pain and suffering. Remember, driving is a privilege and your decisions do not only affect you but other people on the road too. Last year a mother of 4 lost all her kids in a car crash 3 died at the scene of the wreck and the other one died at the hospital the mother wasn't paying attention because she tried to answer a call from her friend and her phone felled out here hand and she was searching for it while her eye was off the road and when she finally found she couldn't stop in time and she crash into another car it's very important to keep your eyes on the road because it can cause a lot of damage or even worse.    