Cell phones and vehicle operation are simply two things that do not mix. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. Research Shows that using cell phones while driving nearly doubles the risk of a negative outcome occurring. As mediocre as that sounds it could lead to fatal car crashes, Injuring a pedestrian or even punishment for distracted driving.

According to Edgar Snyder & Associates Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. "The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year". The outcome of texting while driving is not that important to where lives should be taken to send a text if it's that important then why not just pull over. in the article on edgar Snyder & Associates it also states that 10 percent of all teen motor vehicle crash fatalities in 2016 involved distracted driving. The risk is increasing every time a person pulls out there cell phone.

In the article that was posted on USA Today it stated that "U.S pedestrians death totaled nearly 6,000 in 2017 for the second straight year amid signs that walkers and distracted drivers do not mix."Also it states that texting while driving is more risky in a urban environments. Teens that text and drive are more likely to get into an accident than an adult that is even though both are risky studies show that being young while doing it is worse than being older while doing it. The issue at hand is affecting everyone texting while driving or just being on your phone is a bad mix and innocent children and adults are suffering because of it.

Texting while driving can result in many punishments like Monetary fines, Criminal charges and jail or prison time. According to Legalmatch "Texting while driving is a moving traffic violation and may be a criminal misdemeanor in certain jurisdictions".

Also,Jail or prison time if the offense has resulted in bodily injury to another driver, jail or prison time may be imposed. The more you get caught texting and driving the worse the punishment will be it could start off with a simple fine and the next time you could be serving jail time. Finally, If you have been hurt due to someones else mistakes you are entitled to compensation at which you can sue them.

In Conclusion, Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. The outcome of this can hurt the drivers mentally, physically and even emotionally (if they take someones life in the process).Texting while driving is now one of the most reason drivers are getting fined as technology advances peoples urge to use their cellphones are growing tremendously. It is not worth it to risk your life for a flash of entertainment that isn't going anywhere anytime soon there actually incorporating technology into the vehicles.

https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html https://www. usatoday. com/story/money/cars/2018/02/28/pedestrian-fatalities/376802002/

https://www. legalmatch. com/law-library/article/texting-while-driving-laws. html

Phones & Driving Essay          