Cars have dramatically changed the way human kind lives and they have not been ran by computers, only us. Humans have always been the one in control of cars. People can operate a car perfectly fine without assistance, so why are there people trying to make cars that drive themselves? A number of things could go wrong with a computer car. Technology always tends to crash or shut down unexpectedley, so what happens if our computer car does that in the middle of traffic?

To start off, the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," seems biased. There are many paragraphs backing up the new Google Cars, and only a couple backing up how dangerous they can be. What is hard for me to understand is the whole point of the self driving cars. Why do we need them? Do certain people have better things to do in a vehicle than drive it themselves? If someone were to buy one of these cars, i would assume that they would be in a constant fear that maybe the car would take a wrong turn and run into a tree.

Cars that we drive today can already malfunction in many ways. The breaks could go out, the tranmission could go out, the headlights could go out, the tires could fall off, etc. We can fix the tires falling off, we can fix our headlights, but does everybody know how to fix a computer when it crashes? We could be on the road eating food while our car drives itself and the car just completely stop because the computer in the car crahsed. Instead of paying 60 dollars for a tire repair, getting the Google car repaired would probably cost a few hundred that nobody would want to pay.

Google cars could cause a stir between the manufacturers and the drivers as well. If a driver was positive that the crash they had was the computer cars fault, that would cause problems. The car manufacturers would definately not want to admit they are at fault. The car would of course be very expensive, too. Many people will not even be able to afford a car that drives itself, but why would they want to? A self driven car can take away the fun in operating something big.

Why do we want to take the fun out of driving and feeling in control, or pay a big price for our computer car malfunctioning? Why do we want to put ourselves in even more danger by making an untrustworthy computer in charge of our lives? A computer car puts our lives at stake, and if a computer car proved to be at fault of a murder, that would also put the car creators in a bad situation. 