I believe that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, Why? Because you get more advice from people which can result for one advice from the multiple other advice's/choice's to be the best to choose, the more people you talk to the more people will relate to you when asked for advice from you and they will give you better opinions, and finally they will support you when making your final decision.

When you get more advice from people it can result for one advice from the multiple other advice's/choice's to be the best to choose. And when this happens you'll of course have to choose the best advice, you will feel proud once you've got your best choice, And finally you will most likely choose that person to give you more advice in the future when you have problems.

The more people you talk to the more people will relate to you when asked for advice from you and they will give you better opinions. When this happens it's a good signal because you'll get the best advice since they relate to your situation, you will feel like your not the only one who's had a problem since the person your asking advice for also has been in that situation, and you'll be close friends with those people who relate to you since you both have similar stories to tell each other.

And finally they will support you when your making your final decision. When this happens it's honestly a wonderful feeling, like you finally know your best choice, your friends will cheer you up when your going to do the advice that they told you to do, and you'll most likely trust them and support them and when they want advice they'll tell you it.

In conclusion seeking for multiple opinions for the best choice is good since it give's you opportunities on what to do in a situation you don't know how to solve for or what to do. Also it's good since you get more advice from people which can result for one advice from the multiple advice's/choice's to be the best to choose, also the more people you talk to the more people will relate to you when asked for advice from you and they will give you better opinions, and finally they will support you when you make your final decision. That's why it is good to seek for multiple opinions for the best choice of advice.