With the rapid growth of the Internet in recent decades, the question of whether or not school should evolve from its brick and mortar style to a more accessible online platform is becoming increasingly apparent. While many believe that a student should learn in the traditional environment of a school building, this concept is not very feasible due to the vast number of overcrowded schools, the student's distance from school, and their extracurricular activities. If the world is adapting to being more Internet-based, schools should as well.

Schools have always been in the traditional environment of a classroom. However, this environment becomes less educational and more harmful when it is overcrowded. The crowded hallways in between classes lead to fights and facilitate the spread of sicknesses. Additionally, if a student is struggling in a class and tries to seek assistance, the help they receive will more than likely not be adequate due to the minimal number of teachers compared to students. Because of the large number of students, teachers teach at a consistent pace, one that is not set to meet any particular person's needs. Because of this, many students feel like they are either being left behind or held back in their learning. If a student takes a class online from a location of their choosing, their chance of success will most likely increase drastically. A student can benefit greatly from being able to learn at their own pace, whether it be taking extra time on a particularly challenging topic or quickly completing a topic they feel comfortable with. Overall, the school building no longer serves the purpose it was meant to serve, which is to educate.

Online education would not only help the overcrowding issue of many schools, but would provide students with more time for extracurricular activities. If a student is free to take their classes at home, they can better organize their school, sports, and work schedules. Many students are unable to chase after their goals outside of school. One student may dream of becoming a professional athlete, which takes several hours of practice everyday and typically a large amount of travel. This student would not be able to compete in their sport to the level they desire if it involves missing multiple weeks of school. However, with the option of online school, they could take their education with them wherever they go. Many students also have jobs, which in some cases are necessities. The typical job a teenager can acquire is usually not very lenient with scheduling, so many students are forced to choose between work and saving money or good grades in school. The constricting nature of the traditional school could be modified to meet the needs of many when there are options for online education.

While the concept of at-home education is beneficial for the majority of the time, there is always a negative side. If a student takes all of their classes online, they miss out on the typical high school experience, such as going to prom or football games. Also, it would be very easy to become isolated if they do not see their friends every day at school. Not only could online school potentially be lonely, the possibility of falling behind in schoolwork increases monumentally. In a classroom, it is far more difficult to get off topic or distracted than it is in a comfortable home without a teacher ensuring that everyone is doing their work. This leaves all of the responsibility on the student to keep on track. Despite this, the pros of learning online greatly outweigh the cons, especially when the student is hardworking and motivated.

A large number of adults dislike the idea of shifting from a physical school building to a remote one. However, the likelihood of online schooling becoming more prevalent is growing rapidly. Parents, teachers, and students alike are becoming frustrated with the old-fashioned ways in which school is run and many feel like they are not getting as much out of their education as they should. As the world grows with the Internet, schools should follow suit. 