Creativity of the mind is brewed from life experiences and knowledge. In some schools summer projects are assigned to students for various academic or elective based classes, these projects should be soley designed by the students and not by the teacher. Teacher-designed projects can lead to an interference with a students out of school life, be restrictive, and result in a higher lack of motivation.

Summer projects have a negatively connotated aspect attached to them that has continued on for many generations and people. Most students and classmates dread to hear the words "summer project" mostly due to the fact that it takes time away in which they could have been using to initiate in other things to benefit their lives or even just enjoy themselves. As it is, teachers lack a general scope of what a typical student can accomplish within their summer, as everyone pertains to their own activities during that time. Having the project written and designed by a number of students, or even just by themselves,would give a better outlook on the reasonable things to be accomplished where a teacher only expresses expectations which sometimes cannot be met. It is easy to set unreasonable expectations when the person setting them themself is not attuned to do it. Having the project designed by students could lead to much more accomplishment than expected as well. It is easy to assume students would try to make the project easier on themselves but just because the project is student designed doesn't mean it couldn't be regulated or have certain requirements given to them by others.

Each student is unique with different qualities and strengths. By making a teacher design the project it ultimatley takes away from a students expression and creativity because of the specific standards given to them. Expression is an important quality when it comes to projects. Not only does it make a student think more, but it also enhances their learning because they can express their ideas in different forms. It gives them more room to come up with their own ideas. A student-designed summer project would give the students a vast possibility to individually express themselves. When a teacher becomes the sole leader of making a project each project turned in by the class is the same but with different aspects, like color for example, and don't require the student to be creative. This in turn could eventually dull their levels of creativity and expression that could have benefitted them highly in their lives later on. Overall, a student-designed project could positively enhance the students and their educations more than that of which a teacher designed in all entirety. Projects are given to a student over the summer to retain knowledge and learn, if a teacher then leaves them no room to grow then the whole project defeats its own purpose altogether.

Many students lack motivation. Whether it involves school or simple activities outside of school, most students find themselves procrastinating or not doing what they set out to do at all. This is made evident by the amount of students who do not do their homework or even classwork and is a stunningly large amount no matter the school spectated and monitored. Students already deal with piles of homework or even other work given to them outside of school by their family, friends, or even job. Giving another assignment to a student, over the summer at that, will likely not be completed. By letting a student design their own summer project, not only does it increase the productivity of the project, but it aslo motivates them to complete it, or at the very least put some work into it. When a student designs a project, they base it mainly on what they would find interesting to work on rather than when a teacher assigns them something they tend to have no interest in at all. In comparison, if a person were to get a job and dread going to work everyday, it is likely that they would eventually quit; whereas, if a person finds their job interesting or enjoyable they are more likely to continue and pursue that job. The same could be said for a summer project. Teachers focus specificly on getting academic topics as the main focus rather than if it would actually be entertaining or fun for a student to do and take part in. I believe this says a lot about why students should be the ones to design it for themselves.

Altogether, the preference between teacher-designed projects and student-designed projects weighs heavily towards the students. Giving a student the opportunity to enjoy their break from school, letting them express themselves, and giving them something they actually find interesting is an important part of summer projects most do not consider. Students are more than capable of completing their own projects and retaining their knowledge by something they themselves designed rather than an authoritative figure.