Driverless cars are a great idea for the reason, that they can drive them self and leave less room for error. They can also can alert the driver that they need to take over the driver for the can't drive though cretin areas. The car could save lifes too in the matter that less and less car crash will happen. These car could change the way humans live forever.

The fact that these cars could drive them selves with sensors and watch the places by the car that could usely not be seen by a human driver. The driver less cars could also talk and coranate with each of the other driver less car around them so they could know when and where they are truning witch in trun could drop the car accient rate. As our technology get more and more advanced we could includ a total move away form human drivers and all AI, AI are almost always smater than humans and can be updataed via the internet on traffic probles and other things in the area.

Even if we cant some make the car totaly driverless we could make it mostly driver less and when it is needed we could keep the driver up to date on all the traffic in the area. But if a driver wanted to drive the car him or her self we could just make a button that switches the control over to one and other. If a car crush ever did happen it would be almost always a human driving, but with the power of senors could mimize the threat of something like that ever happening.

The driver less car could also save live in the matter that they have a better reation time the humans. When it would take a human five to six seconds to resopnd to some on walking out in front of them it would take the AI one to two seconds to respond to the danger. Less car crushes means less pople will die hunders of people die every year for cars crushing into each other and the oddes are that the AI could talk to each other and see where and when to trun into or on somthing.

Even though people could stil get hurt with the driver less car it would be minmized to a few people each year. Sometimes a human could have to take over the car witch could be bad or good. Technology does sometimes fail like humans do but its less likly to happen. These car could change the way human live forever.