People can always be wrong, you dont want to make a presentation and show false information, because of someone else's mistake. A lot of people ask others questions they dont know. If you were to ask somebody a open ended question they may not know, they could quite possibly give you a random guess that you did not know was a guess. Getting false information can lead to many bad possibilities such as, messing up a presentation, or getting a question wrong on a test. Dont trust everyone you meet for 100% accurate information.

People are wrong a lot of the time. Others can have the same knowledge as you but you dont realize it. Somebody could have a different answer from somebody else. Lets say you ask 2 people the same question, and they both get different answers, but one of them agrees with you, it's still a possibility that all of them are wrong. Ask as many people as you want to answer the question, and when it feels like a good point to stop asking, your best bet is to chose the majority answer.

Ask someone you trust. It is always better to ask someone you know personally. Ask a friend you trust , or a family member. Asking a random person on the street is as big of a risk as gambling. Always ask someone trusted by you, or your family that you know will give you there honest well thought out opinion.

Ask someone that knows the question topic better. If someone in your family, or that you know has a PHD, or masters degree, or so on that is in the topic your asking about, it's always good to try to ask them first. If you are on tour,or a event that has a guide telling you information, ask the tour guide a question, and not your friend. Always ask a teacher that is in the subject you have a question on first before anyone else. Always ask somebody you know has learned about it.

Ask a trusted adult. People can always be wrong. Ask someone you trust that will give you there honest opinion. Ask a qualified person. Finally, ask multiple people.                     