Throughout a students educational experience, they have the 3 month break at the end of each year that allows them to have time off and have a break from the intense rigor of school. Although, the break can better be purposed by having assignments to further their knowledge during this time period. These projects can best be designed as student led so that students can have more creativity and imagination towards the project, specialize one topic based on future educational interest, and ensures that students have the resources they need to complete the assignment.

From Kindergarten through grade 12, each student is given a curriculum to follow and learn for a standardized test at the end of the year; student led summer projects would allow for a broader outlook on their schooling education and explore topics that would not be looked at otherwise. A student who only learns about their immediate community and ecosystem can gain a broader perspective on society after completing a summer project about an ecosystem in another region of the world. The additional thought and imagination put into a project like this would be hard to complete in an organized project created by a teacher. Furthermore, students commonly bored during one project that a large group of students have to complete. The rules and rubric which have to be followed deprive the students of exploration and investigation which is crucial for a successful education. Allowing for students to find their choice of exploration and then present it in a unique way brings a complex ideology about interesting topics. Not only is the content of student led projects productive, but so is the way of deriving that information. Commonly, classrooms follow a strict set of rules to ensure each students safety, but those rules come with a cost. The rules cause students to think in one way, act in one way, and test in one specific way. A summer project which gives students space to compete based on their creativity allows them to break out of those boundaries and complete what they want to complete.

A students future college path can also be benefited by student based summer projects due to the option of focusing on their desired topic. As students age into their final years of high school, many already know the path they want to take in college and ultimately their occupations. Giving students an option to focus and research on these topics will not only allow them to understand more about the topic but also build their application to give them a better chance at getting into respected schools. A student who wants to explore the medical pathway might use the summer project as a chance to see what the field is about. That student might shadow surgeons or pediatricians and then analyze and report their findings. The alternate option of teacher led student projects would not allow for this type of unique opportunity. Using the report of their findings, a student can better apply for prestigious college opportunities, scholarships and programs through their past experience that gives them a step up from their competing applicants.

Lastly, the guidelines given to the entirety of the public schooling system leaves students in lower socioeconomic situations to not be able to complete certain projects. The student led project system allows students to find a topic that is accessible for them rather than one that has a large demand for expensive purchases. Certain projects specifically in the science department, require an excessive amount of resources making them hard to obtain out of the school setting. If the teacher led projects would require students to purchase these goods, difficulties would arise in regards to the ability for all students to have access and an abundance of these items. Although supplies may be given through the schooling system, a work space might be difficult to obtain as well. Choosing a project that not only gains the students interest but also allows them to complete it with ease displays the benefits of student led projects.

Projects that can be completed during the summer should be led by the students desires and aspirations as it will gain allow for the most success of the student. Student led projects show most effective through the ability for students to use their imagination, research a topic they might study in college, and complete the work productively and efficiently.