Do you want to know every big choice our country makes? Don't you want help deside that choice? But with Electoral collage we as american citizen do not get to do that. The reason why I belive we should change Electoral collage is because citizen should controll any big desition, we have the right to vote for what we want,and we most know whats goes on in the goverment.

First and foremost why I aruge that we should change Electoral collage is that citizen should be in controll of our conutry. We should be able to vote for what happens in this conutry. It not fair that people in higher leves gets to say what right for our conutry. Every one should have say in this. Its unfair to voter to be treated like this. This is why I belive that we should change Eletoral collage.

secondly why we need to change is that citizen should dircetly vote  for candidates. we most know who were voting for but if we don't what the ponit of of voting then. If we can get to know each candidate we can be able to see which one do we want to help run the conutry. This is why I disagrue to this qutoe by Bradfrod plumer that ''voter sometimes get confoused about electors and vote for the wrong candidates? sametimes.'' No that amercia should have the right to vote for candidates because its our conutry.

The final reason I argue that we should change Electoral collage is that we most know what goes on in th goverment. We most be able to know is help rumming the conutry. that why I argue with Richard A. posner that ''its unfair for the voter.'' We need see and hear our candidates so we know the right choice for america. By doing this I know that america can will have less problems if the goverment and citizen worked togther more. This is why we need to change Electoral collage.

In conclsion we most change this system of voting. If we do america will be able to do bigger and better things. This is why if we I belive the Electoral collage wil be send america in the right dicetion.                                                                                               