The school system may not be the brightest, but it upholds many realistic standards for students. Psychological and social demands of school are challenged by every individual's effort they put in. Being present in school has many unseen pleasures to our daily lives that will enforce a better future for students. Therefore, Students would benefit more being in school then working at home.

Every student has their demands and effect on its social life. With the wide spectrum of students use on their social life, it's certain that everyone has their need for it. Last year on summer break, everyday was passing by in an instant. Before i could even really grasp of how i could make each day more useful, school was going to begin in a week. I had not spent a single day with my friends and i could barely be happy anymore. Being extremely uncomftorable interacting with anyone after summer ended, i was not well adapted into a healthy social life anymore. Being around friends and friendly classmates is a mandaotry essence of being a human being. Developing the skills to meet new people and friends/classmates is a reason why school is more benefitial then working at home.

Having an online video that teaches you the information needed to know makes it difficult for students to get the right help they need and transition it to understanding the subject better. Having a teacher will give you real time feedback and possible work arounds to personal problems on the topic. On May 11, 2019, we had our SOL for my Geometry class. I had been sick the whole week before, meaning i was fully relying on the online information that was present and available to me for the possible instance of students being absent. Not only was the notes harder to memorize, but there werent any acrynoms or tips that teachers would sneak into their lessons. Searching up the questions had only showed me methods other use that were too complicated. Direct communication to the teachers will always be more benefitial then relying on the internet or given videos.

Having ease of access to learning the work and working at your own pace may present itself to be a better option then going to school, yet it ironically hinders their efforts and understandings. School schedules will have a set plan of each day, and each class will have teachers that plan the way the subject is being tought. Having a plan to follow will prevent students to get a set work done by a certain time. Procrastination is almost inevitable when relying on video conferencing or work at home. I cant help but play video games on my phone while doing work as i have the instant ease to do so. Spending so much time on media that i squeeze my work to late at night or early in the morning. Not only that, but a lot of the times, being too comftorable will make your life harder in the future.

Even if students dont seem to enjoy school, it is very important and essential for proper development into the future of everyone. Nothing can be perfect, and that goes with school system as well. Yet the benefits greatly overweight the consequences. In essence, students would overall gain more being part of the schools community and working hard then not understanding the work given and sustaining a harder social life working at home.