Even in the age of modern technology, where we are more informed than ever before, people feel the need to talk to more than one person for advice. We are faced with important choices daily, choices that we can't decide by ourselves. As previously stated, more opinions produce a better solution. Seeking more people's advice is much more helpful as opposed to just one's, because those who still feel uninformed can get a better opinion, receive criticism, and avoid bias.

Often times, you and your friend don't know the answer to something. Whether it be a math problem, or what to cook for dinner. Asking more people for their advice gives you new suggestions, and makes you consider choices that you haven't thought of before. For example, I wanted to get into sports, but my friend and I didn't think there was anything that would suit me. We were certain that we had thought of everything. Fortunately, a classmate recommended ice skating for me, and I have been doing it for several months now. I never thought that I would get into ice skating, yet now I frequently visit the local ice arena with my friends. It's hard to think of every possibility, so a third, fourth, fifth, or even a hundredth opinion, can give you a better solution that you never considered before.

Going back to the chance that two people could still be unsure of their solutions, the two opinions could either clash or agree on the same thing. More opinions will either reassure or criticize an idea, providing important feedback that is crucial to making the best choice possible. In my experience, I have disagreed with my friend on what I should dress up as for Halloween. As non-important as it sounds, I still wanted to make the most beneficial choice. So, I went to more people for advice, and they agreed with my friend's idea. I knew that if many people agreed on something, it was most likely a better choice for me. Overall, criticism is necessary in making a decision, and multiple opinions will surely deliver that to you.

Absolutely no one is completely free of bias, and a single opinion from someone might not always be the most honest one. Bias matters; if your friend said your haircut was nice just to be polite, you have the potential to be walking around with a really bad hairstyle. Or, if a friend told you to vote for a candidate just because they like them, you could end up voting for someone who doesn't fit your criteria. You always want to get advice from someone else, to steer clear of dishonest opinions. In conclusion, multiple opinions give you a higher possibility of eliminating bias, because there's always a chance that the next person will be more honest than the first.

In order to make a better choice, you should always ask for more than one person's opinion. That way, you can get a solution you didn't think of yet. You could receive thoughtful feedback for a solution you're unsure of.

And, you could get very honest advice, which might hurt, but would also be very important in your decision-making. To sum it all up, seeking advice from more than one person helps you make a better choice, by giving solutions you haven't thought of, getting feedback on ideas, and avoiding bias.