Although we would all love to find out that we are not the only ones living in the vast empty space that is our galaxy, but we just haven't come close to finding out that we are.

The pictures of the giant 2-mile long face taken on Mars sparked a lot of attention.

Especially conspiracy theorists.

Causing all kinds of accusations against NASA and if the face found on Mars was alien or not.

There are plenty of reasons why this land formation is natural. Such as, the image, taken plenty of times, revealed no alien artifacts or marking that would seem unusual to NASA's Mars Global Survey team.

The land form is called a mesa, which is found commonly in the American West.

Also, saying that NASA is hiding the real alien information would make no sense, it could benefit them exponentially.

The landform, when first captured on photo, triggered skeptics. Saying the image should be retaken due to the low quality. When retaken, they were, of course, not satisfied. When the final image was taken, it revealed no artifacts. A disappointment to not only those conspiracy theorists, but to NASA too.

The name of the landform, was uncommonly known, as a mesa.

A mesa is a naturally occuring landform that resembles the characeristics of a face. They form from collapsed lava domes or my the simple means of erosion. They are commonly found in the American West. One famous one that resembles the Face on Mars, as said by Jim Garvin, chief scientist on the Mars Exploration Program, is Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. It is an odditiy to see.

When faced with all the vidence, people began questioning if NASA was hiding the evidence. NASA has made clear that they did not hide anything. NASA supporters have also brought up the simple fact that proving alien life is real could benefit NASA. They would have no reason to hide it and the government could not benefit from hiding this information either. The discovery could get them funding for future expeditions and further discoveries.

The evidence is plain and simple. Alien life on Mars is not there. WHIle many still believe and argue more. The famous face is a landform, discovered through muliple images and NASA has said they have no reason to hide anything from the public. We have the right to know everything.