Do you need help staying out of trouble, and making new friends? Joining an extracurricular activity will help you in so many ways. Although some kids don't have the money or time to participate, extracurricular activities are good for kids, they give kids something fun to do with friends, but they also keep kids out of trouble.

Extracurricular activities are good for kids especially teenagers. Most kids or teenagers get into trouble when they are bored or have nothing to do at home. I'm a fourteen year old and could tell anyone who wants to know, that joining an extracurricular activity helps you in so many ways. Some kids might think joining an extra activity isn't going to be fun. Once you join an activity and stick too it you'll begin to fall in love with it. While your at your activity you won't be doing things that could potentially get you in trouble. You'll feel like your activity is like a "getaway" from any and everything. Having your child participate in an extracurricular activity, would definitely benefit them.

Making new friends isn't always easy, joining an extracurricular activity will make, making friends second nature. When you join an extracurricular activity, you get to meet new people. I'm not the best when it comes to making new friends, but once i joined my extra activity it wasn't as hard. Extracurricular activities gives you a chance to come out of your box and meet new people and experience new things. As a kid your going to get nervous to talk to new people but, as your around more and more people everyday, it isn't as hard. Joining an activity helps you work on your people skills, and the way you interact with others. The activities are also preparing you for when your older.

However, i do understand why some people may be against extracurricular activities. Not all kids have the time, and some families might not have the money to pay for their child to participate. Some may also think that the extra activities will get their children into more trouble, because they aren't at home doing nothing and out with friends. The extracurricular activities could also throw a child's whole schedule off, and make them late for school the next morning ,because they were at their activity the night before.

In conclusion, having your child participate in an extracurricular activity truly will benefit them in so many ways, people skills, making friends, staying out of trouble, and so much more! It could be a sport, a club, dancing, anything you can think of. i know from a personal experience that, extracurricular activities help you maintain a positive healthy mindset. 