Did you know that one out of every four schools don't let students participate in extracurricular activities. I believe that this is unfair and students should be able to participate in extracurricular activities. Imagine not being able to participate in many fun skill-learning activities.

While others believe that participating in an extracurricular activity is a waste of time, I believe that it is not.

I agree with the principal, all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity for reasons such as, it will make school a better place for students to be in, it will be a chance for students to make more friends or meet new people and kids will improve their skills or learn new skills.

Extracurricular activities will make school a better place for students to attend. It will also encourage kids to want to go to school everyday because they will be looking forward to that one or more extracurricular activity. Many kids don't want to attend school everyday because they have so much things going on like homework, projects, tests etc. Extracurricular activities will help relief the stress many kids go through everyday, it will get their mind off all the things going on at home. When I was having a bad day at school, I always remembered that I was going to stay after school for Art club that day and that cheered me up.

Extracurricular activities will also be the chance for students to make friends and meet new people. It is most likely the kids you meet in that extracurricular activity will be interesting in the same thing as you are. For example if you meet someone that likes and plays the same sport as you, you guys will have something in common. One time I attended the Spanish Culture club and I met a lot of new people that I had in common with, everyone spoke Spanish and was from South America.

Extracurricular activities will improve kids skills or teach them new skills. It is good for a kid to know many skills because it will help them later in life, it doesn't hurt to learn new skills or to improve them. When I joined my school's dance team I learned a lot of new skills, for example turns, jumps, new choreography etc. I also improved how flexible I was and how far I could do my splits. By the end of the school year I learned how to properly do my splits and also some jumps. Joining the dance team really helped me in a lot of ways.

In conclusion, I agree with the principal, all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity for reasons such as it will make school a better environment and a better place in general, it will be a chance for students to make more friends and meet more people and kids will improve some previous skills they have or they will learn new skills. 