When seeking advice, people often ask more than one person; they do this to receive multiple opinions on the advice. People ask multiple opinions for many reasons, but here are a few. Some of the benefits, of seeking different opinions, are that you will get more accurate advice, you will get more perspectives on advice, and you will receive advice that you can trust.

First, when you get multiple opinions, you will get more accurate advice. Asking one person their opinion could give you wrong information, but by asking multiple people you are more likely to get more accurate advice. Some people have more knowledge or experience on the topic than others: it would be better to ask them for advice. For example, it would be more beneficial to ask a basketball player for advice about basketball, rather than someone who has never played the sport. Doing this will give you the most accurate advice.

Next, by asking more than one person for advice, you will get more perspectives on the advice. If you ask someone for advice from one person they may only look at it from one perspective , but asking many people you will get many different perspectives. An example would be if you asked one person their advice and then asked another person their advice. They may both give accurate views, but each have completely different views on the advice. So by asking both of them their perspectives, you can use both opinions to make the decision that will be most beneficial.

Lastly, you will get trustworthy opinions. If you ask a peer or someone that is untrustworthy, they might give you incorrect advice purposefully to be unkind. That happens quite often in schools. A peer may tell you advice to get you into trouble or cause you to look unintelligent. It is better to receive advice from many people to make sure that the information you are advice is true. That way if the advice is untrue you can not use the advice.

When looking for advice, you should ask multiple peoples opinions. Asking multiple people for advice will give the most accurate advice, give many perspectives on the advice, and give you the most trustworthy advice. Also you should seek advice from people with experience, people with different perspectives, and people that you trust. Doing this will cause the decision that you make to be the most accurate, the most beneficial, and make the better choice.         