I think that kids should have at least a B average to play sports or whatever after school, school sponsored event is a good idea. This is because if kids aren't challenged to meet the criteria, then what good is going to school.

I mean, isn't a school supposed to challenge a child's knowledge so that they can learn more than what they already think that they know.

I say that because if a child isn't challenged, they wont learn any thing at all, and isn't the job as a school official to make sure that every child learns more than they already know.

If you don't challenge the students and you let them scrape by with just a C average, you are telling them that just barely is good enough.

Well its not good enough.

What about those parents who want their children to learn. If you let their child scrape by with a C average and let them play sports or whatever they do with after school things, they might go to the school board because their child isn't getting the proper education that they deserve.

You say that you want what is best for every child, then challenge them.

I say that every child should at least have some kind of educational challenges in their life and I don't think that you want their educational challenges to start in high school where if they didn't get the proper education that they needed in middle school, they could fail high school and not get their diploma.

I think that I speak for all of us when i say that we need a good education or we will probably not get very far in life. I know that most of us say that we want to go to college, but do you really think that if they look back at our grades and see we only got a C average, do you think that they will let us in and get even farther in life, because I don't think that they will. Even if the child is the best at football or baseball or whatever they are good at, they still have the classes to attend, and I don't think that they will be allowed to just skip the classes and pass on their talents alone, do you.

Though I maybe one student, I have a big voice and I intend to use it to get kids a better education.

So just remember, if you don't make that change, you might be making us all lose our chance of a better education.

Just think about all the kids that cant afford to go to school and actually want the education that cant. So why, if they cant get the better education, make us just get dumber by not making us actually try.

Besides, if one of your students gets a degree in teaching and goes to Africa and teach those un-educated kids, don't you think that they will probably thank you and all the teachers at SCHOOL_NAME for the education that helped them get that far, wont that make the school look really good? Just take all of this into consideration and think about what I have said, and what you do is up to you.