As summer break begins, students utilize the time as a break from school to complete and indulge themselves into numerous and fun activities. However, to ensure the active learning of students, some school assign projects that require work being done over the break. With that being said, the projects should be designed by students than teachers to ensure the creativity and originality of the projects assigned as well as, the development of the students coming into the new school year.

Student designed projects will allow students to be solely responsible for their learning and topics in which the project will be on. This will eventually display each individual's independence and ability to complete the project and will hopefully allow the student to accommodate skills such as time management and a sense independence in their work. As students work on their projects, they will able to complete them on their own time with their own ideas that interest them. With student designed projects, they will know how to follow their own instructions, rules and regulations concerning the project and determine their own continued learning outside of school during the break that will benefit them as individuals. Seeing that the students do well, this will further contribute to their qualities and assist in building them up as fit individuals of society. Also with the independence of being able to create their own assignment, teachers will become eager to see what the students have come up with and surprised with the work and skills the students will show through their projects in which they have accommodated. This will effectively allow teachers to be amazed with the learning abilities of the students and base their teachings around the completion of the projects in order to ensure the success of the students. Teachers will also be able to understand the students views and standpoints as well as, where they're coming from as far as knowledge goes. Schools will see the benefit of allowing the students to design their projects based off the maturity and work executed by the students through their summer projects.

As the students are gaining the knowledge needed in completing the projects, they can develop a sense of authenticity and creativity by designing themselves. Students can include their own unique and fun ways of development and learning into the projects to assist them completing it in the best way possible. By doing so, the students can enjoy learning, work and projects all at the same time. Furthermore, they can develop innovative thinking strategies while including their own interests in which allow them to formulate an excellent project. Student designed project over teacher designed projects also benefit the students more directly because it targets their own thinking and reasoning in which contribute to the creativity but mainly the authenticity aspect of it . Students will possibly utilize a topic that caters to their continued learning outside of school. This can help build up their character and personality by displaying it through the assigned projects in which they developed. Schools can then see the head space of their students and then allow them to have more control over their learning.

Hopefully with student developed and designed projects, students can display their own learning qualities and create excellent projects that display what the schools intend them to learn over the break. Also this can give teachers a bit of a surprise and a break as well by allowing the students to take control of how they want to learn. By the school and teachers doing so, they can grant the students with the leverage and ability to learn in their own individual and innovative ways.           