Many people tend to have some trouble making decisions on some problems like, who to choose over the other person or whether or not to move away and leave everything behind and get a really good job. People do make the wrong choices sometimes, thats why we ask other people for their advice to get a better and honest choice. When we ask one person for their advice we don't really have that much to choose from because we don't know whether it would be the right choice to make. having people around that are willing to give someone advice is a good thing to have because sometimes people can't make choices for themselves. Seeking advice from several people could increase the chances of making the right choice by, giving people multiple choices to choose from, people being honest, they can tell u why they made the choice.

people need to be honest when they are giving out advice because if not then were giving out lies and we shouldn't be. Lying about advice we give to people can put people in bad situations and it's not okay. honesty helps when people give advice we need to make sure it's advice we would give ourselves in that same situation and its a good thing to seek opinions from others when we have trouble making choices as long as we know it's right and they aren't lying about it. Everyone likes to hear the truth no one wants to be lied to when it comes to advice because the problem could be important like, money problems or going to court but can't because the car isn't starting. People have trouble sometimes and need help when they dont know what to do. Be honest about it.

Giving people advice it a good thing to do it gives multiple choices to choose from when needed. people get frustrated when they can't decide on what to eat, what to drink, and what clothes to wear. Some people get upset and break down when things are not working out for them so they call parents, siblings, friends, or anyone they are close to. Multiple peoples opinions come great when someone is in a rough situation because when we don't have any opinions or one opinion we don't have options do chose from.

It's good to be supportive and helpful when it is needed.

people normally want a reason as of to why they think its best to make that choice. It is a good way to prove that what the advice was wasn't just said for no reason. When we give advice we need to give a reasoning on how and why we gave it. Many others think as if no one really cares as much when the give advice it's good to ask several people why its a good thing to make that choice because if not don't add the advice in. this is why it is very important to give people a reasoning.

People dont put it as easy to make our own decisions, it can be hard and it's better to seek advice from more than one person because when u get one persons advice it's not really going to help anyone out. Having several peoples opinions makes it less hard on people to make a choice all they would have to do is say whether or not it's right or wrong. Given a choice is easier way then coming up with something on our own. If one person was to give us their opinion how would we know if they are guiding us to make the right choice. This is why it is better to ask several people.        