Why would you seek multiple opinions? Seeking multiple opinions is a good idea for multiple reasons. I think people should ask for numerous opinions because you can learn from someone else mistakes, someone might have already been in the same situation, and everyone has different opinions from different point of views

Asking for opinions from many different people is a good idea. I think you should always seek the advice of others. One reason I would ask for multiple opinions is because you can learn from their mistakes. Everyone makes mistakes, and there is no reason that you shouldn't want to lean from them. Be brave, be bold, live life, make your own mistakes, learn from them along the way, but don't forget to seek advice. How often do you seek advice from others? I ask for peoples opinions all the time. There are a lot of people out in the world that have been in your situation weather its a good situation or a bad situation. Don't be afraid to ask for someone s opinion especially if it is about something that means a lot to you. If something you are scared of is keeping you from making the right decision then seek advice.

How many people do you know with their own opinion? Everyone you know has an opinion of their own. Some opinions are nice, but everyone sees things from a different point of view. Just because you see something differently from someone else doesn't mean either one of you are wrong. If someone gives you their advice, and you are having a hard time understanding why they think that, then find someone else and ask them for their advice, because everyone has a different point of view on things.

You have your own opinion. We all have our own opinion. In conclusion I think that asking someone for their advice is a great idea. Learn from peoples mistakes, and make your mistakes along the way. Don't be scared to seek advice, because you are not the only one in your situation. Everyone has different opinions from different point of views. Just because you don't see things like someone else doesn't mean either one of you are wrong.          