There is so much technology in the world we live in today. Our society revolves around technology and depends on it to survive. Without cars how would we be able to travel places or simply go grocery shopping. It would be potentially impossible to do the simplest of things. Transportation is key to the society we live in. Cars are very fundamental, but are driverless cars really that necessary. It might be very fascinating to drive but are they all that safe?

Driverless Cars still require the driver to do some of the driving if the circumstance requires them to. Such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. "Wouldn't drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?" Meanwhile the drivers are waiting they could easily fall asleep or get distracted and not pay attention to their surroundings. They would rely on the car so much that if it came to their turn to drive, they would not be prepared to take over the wheel.

"Lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers." Because of the development of the driverless cars; the driver will not be in control at all times, only sometimes. The car will be doing most of the driving. The drivers only job will have to be to stay alert and watch out for his/her surroundings. This is likely to cause more accidents because the driver may not be paying attention to the road at all times. Since he/she is not the one driving.

"If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" This is where the arguments will began. If someone driving a driverless car gets into an accident who will be the one that is really to blame? If this type of technology gets approved they will also have to make new driving laws towards driverless cars.

"We grow closer to the destination everyday." Even though driverless cars are the future for our society. It is also important to remember the importance of safety. We must care for one another and not let new technology overwhelm us. Ourselves, as the priority, must come first. The safety of everyone is at stake with this new development of driverless cars.