Taking an online course can benefit a high school student in many various ways: they get to work in their own environment, it is a 1-on-1 process, they do not feel the pressure to catch up with other students as they would in a regular classroom, and it helps students work on a self-managed schedule. Although physically going to school helps with hands-on experience and social environments, could online classes or video conferences benefit a student as well?

Permitting a student to take courses online can have many takeaways. It can limit their social skills, working habits, and it lacks the assistance of a teacher in their presence. Some teens are not responsible enough to manage their time wisely for online classes and can disregard the importance of maintaining a set schedule for their classes. As well, some teens dont realize how hard it can be taking courses at home; you may not have to deal with the loud, obnoxious environment or constantly having to catch up with other classmates and teacher but it is obligatory that you turn in work on time and comprehend it takes more responsibility to "teach yourself" a course rather than having someone teach you the material and answer your questions in person.

Some people address that attending school physically has many more benefits, online can have just as many perks. All schools should offer distance learning because students who struggle in the classroom have potential to do better online. It builds a students confidence knowing that they can understand the material they are doing online, at the pace they need. As well, students can become more comfortable with their work area because they get to choose where they want to work. Giving them the ability to explore while doing work is dire for a teen. Keeping students in one area per class for an entire year does not engage students or excite them for what they might learn.

To add on, attendance is a great matter in school. If a student is home sick and has missed class, they would have to go online and get all the missing work they need to catch up on. Falling behind because of absent days is stressful for the student and the teacher because they must both make sure that the student is on track with classwork, homework, and tests... but if that student was home sick and did online school, they wouldn't have to stress at all because they can still continue to do their mandatory work for the day. Convenient, right?

Online school has more benefits than people believe and is a great alternative for students who would like to do better in class while out of the classroom. Each individual student learns in a different way at their own pace and online school can give them the opportunity to figure out how to enhance their work ethics and become more responsible. Nonetheless, online school is just as beneficial as physically attending school and could open new doors for students when it comes to better working habits and becoming more confident in your classes.