Phones and Driving

Driving while using your phone is not okay and should never be done, In the U.S, The National Safety Council reports that 1.6 Million Crashes due to people using their phones when driving happen annually every year. Driving while using your phone could result in lots of things like getting into a car crash, putting other people at risk, and getting a ticket. These are risks and chances you should never take because it is against the law, and puts you and people around you in danger

When driving you should not use your phone, because texting while driving is against the law for a reason. The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use has been the cause of 1.6 million crashes each year. The amount of injuries that come from texting while driving each year is nearly 390,000, according to the website "https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html". Those deaths are from People who were using their phones while driving. However, if you haven't gotten into an accident yet, you could get other people in the car with you at risk.

While driving and texting is highly dangerous to yourself, it will endanger others either in the car, or around you. If you're driving especially with people in the car while texting, you are violating your safety and others in the vehicles around you. In the U.S, there are roughly 9 people and more than 1,000 injured daily from distracted drivers who weren't paying attention while driving on the road according to "https://www. thezebra. com/distracted-driving-statistics/". While not only getting in a crash, but if are caught texting while driving you will be pulled over by the police and be given a ticket.

If you're using your phone while driving and you haven't gotten into an accident, lucky you, but you will get a ticket if a policeman sees you. In some states, tickets can cost up $200 on your first offence, like in Nebraska. If you get caught on your 2nd offence in Nebraska, it's a $300 fine, and your 3rd offence can go to $500 according to the website "https://www. drivinglaws. org/indexhf. php". These are a few of the many important reasons why it is important at all times while driving a moving vehicle to never text.

While some still don't follow the law, it's important you do follow the law because you are putting other people at risk of crashing. It has many consequences other than putting yourself at risk, others, and tickets. Next time you're driving, or are in the car with a driver who isn't paying attention, let them know to pay attention because your life and theirs are in danger.      