Dear senator,

I agree with keeping the Electoral College until it pulls off a mistake. The Electoral College has no real reason to be changed or modified. It's served its purpose with almost no flaws for years now. Let's take a look at why we should keep our Electoral College.

Our Electoral College is a system made to ensure fair voting for our president based off of how many Senators you have, and how many state representatives you have. This is a fair way of voting because of regardless of you population, everyone has the same amount of senators. This is to ensure a small state like Deleware has the same voice to match a big state like Texas. According to Source 3, one of the main concerns for people who want to abolish the Electoral College is that the people are not actually voting for the president, they are voting for a slate of electors. But in source 3 it states, " But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee". This state the although the vote doesn't go directly to the presidents vote, it is most common for the trusted slate of electors vote for the president.

Another concern for people who want to abolish the Electoral College as stated in Source 2 is,"Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote." If the vote were to be tied then the election will be handed over to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. Each state gets only one vote so another concern is that the state representatives will not be able to vote what everyone in the state wants because the number of people would be too much to keep up with. First, why would a state turn its back on the majority vote of who their state wants to be president? If a state should do this, their representative would not be representing their state, therfore they maybe punished of may hear about it from the public. Not only are the representatives not expected to miss vote what their state wants, but also what are the chances of theirbeing a tie. It has never happened before, and the closest its gotten is over 8,000 people having to agree on a single same person. This is an absurd number for people to abide to the same person from different states. Its hard to find people in the same room to agree, let alone 8 thousand people! It just seems to extra-ordinary for their to be a tie in the electoral college.

Although there are many pro's, there are also just a few con's. A large con that should be avoided is what source 2 calls,"the disaster factor." The legislature is responsible for picking the electors and they have all therights to defy what the people want. A clear example of this would be as stated in source 2,"Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislaturenearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy". Should the legislature had been able to pull that off, it could have changed the vote and stopped Kennedy from being president. But seeing as segregation isn't as big of an issue in the U.S, this isn't as prone to happen.

As you can see Mr. Senator, there are many reasons why we should keep the Electoral College until it makes a mistake. The pro-to-con ratio is largely in correspondence to keeping the Electoral College. As long as it continues to do its job, and no one abuses it, I'm in favor of it.

Sincerly,

Jose Cruz.    