Exploring Venus would be very hard, but would be worth the risk.

Venus one of the closest planets to Earth.

It is about the same size and density as the Earth.

Venus has a chalenging atmospher, but that wont stop people from trying to go there.

Venus is worth pursuing despite the danger it presents because it could tell humans more about the Earth, human cerosity will drive people there eventualy, and people know little about what is below the dence atmosphere.

Venus could give us as humans a greater understanding of Earth.

Venus is Earth's sisster planet.

This means that Venus is about the same density and size as Earth.

In the text the author states, "It may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system."

The author also states that Venus could have been coverd in water and supported some form of life.

Human cerosity will drive us to Venus at some point.

Although travling to the sister planet would be hard with its dence atmospher and its scorching heat.

Humans will eventualy find a way to travle to Venus.

In the text the author states, "Human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endevors."

This means that humans should not be limited by our doubts and dangers but humans should insted expand to meet the the cornerstone of innocation and creativity.

People know little about what is going on beneth the carbon dioxide blackets of Venus's atmosphere.

All endevors to go to the sister planet have faild.

The author explains in the text, "No spacectaft survived the landing for more than a few hours."

Also no space craft has landed on the planet for over three decades.

The isue could be the atmosphere or the highly corrosive clouds of acid.

Whatever the case it would be a monumental descovery if humans could find out what is on the surface of Venus.

In conclution Venus would be worth going to despite the many dangerious risks it presents because it could provide more insite about the Earth, human cerosity will lead people there at some point, and humans know next to none about what is going on below the Venus's atmosphere.

Venus is probibly the first planet that people vist.

Dispit its dangers it would sitil be worth all the risks.

The sister planet will most likly be the the first time humans step foot on another planet.

Venus, despite all of the insane risks, is going to be a big step for mankind.