My claim is going to be on the negative aspect on driverless cars. The one of the reasons that I am going to use is road problems. Also the next problem that I am going to be talking about is a pass for the drivers crime on a crash. The next thing I am going to talk about is the finacial rate. These are the most troubling thing that are running around in my mind.

The first of the many problems is the road problems that can hurt any one on the road. If there is a sewer problem in the middle of the street that the city workers are working on the driverless cars won't have a way to detect the workers. Yes they might install a camera or a sensor to indicate that and alert the driver, but it can alert him to late and the result on that is there is already a crash. Also the car can't tell whether their is a red light or a green light it can only go to the direction it was programed to go to. There can be many more problems that anyone else can say that I'm not saying and think to your self's "why do they need to alert you before the car doesn't know how to drive a certain way".

The second reason for the negative aspect of the driverless cars is the passes on a crash. I think that if a person is going to court for getting in a crash because of his driverless car. I am not saying that he should get punished for buying that car, but they should understand that that they should be watching the road. And if someone says that the were sleeping while the car was driving they should go to jail for it. Their might be a worst punishment for it, but they should already know the bad side of the driverless car is not a game.

The last reason i am going to talk about is the finacial rate. Well I should call it money problems for everyone, but I wanted to sound smart. The company will have to sell them expensive prices because of the hardware, software, and other technology that is being combined with the car is not cheap. The people that would want to buy or rent it would have to do alot of work just to buy the car. Buy alot of work I mean he has to win the lottery and still work to still make payments on the car.

There is alot more reasons but i leave it up to the different people that are going to write about it. I hope to the people that read this that there is a positive and a negative side to everything. But it is your life but make the right choices and make sure don't make any mistakes. And i wish you the best and the wish you good luck out there in the driverless car world.