Dear, Principal

Most people disagree with your decision to force all students to have an extracurricular activity for many but, fair reasons. The problems with forcing students to participate in a extracurricular activity are hard to miss. Most students are only able to work on homework for three hours. Students will feel exhausted ate school from the extra activities that happen every week day. The students grades will plummet making the school look like a failure. This is why you must change your decision.

First, many students struggle to get their work done in the provided time frame but since most of the extracurricular activities take place after school they won't be able to get their work done. When someone takes away time from the time period the students need they feel like they have to carry the weight of the world by themselves and then they break under the pressure. Some students have preplanned activities with their families who they now can't spend time with. The extra work puts too much pressure on the students. Without time students will ether stay up late or watch as their grades quickly decline.

Second, You will see students come in later and less awake because they are suffering from sleep deprivation. When people are tired they are most likely become unhappy and easily agitated. With bad attitudes the school will have to give out more detentions then ever before.

With more students becoming exhausted students will not pay attention which could become a serious problem students could miss important announcements.

Third, a problem caused by exhaustion can be bad grades. With worse grades summer school attendance will sky rocket making more people give up their summer. With worse grades more common students aren't the only ones suffering, teachers and principles could be under observation by the county or even be fired. With being kicked out of extracurricular activities no longer being a consequence of bad grades the number students going to the school could decrease. With parents wanting their kids to succeed in school the student population will shrink.

With out you changing your choice many problems will be caused for the school. First, without enough time students stay up late. Then, after staying up late they become exhausted. Finally, Without proper rest the grades will decline. So remember, only you can change what you chose so please reconsider for the school and the students' sake.

Sincerely, Anyomous