Today our world revolves around new cars, we have always seemed to love cars, and they seem to always be a part of your lives. America even went through a time period called "The Car Craze". Thats saying something about how much we love car. According to an article I have resently read, ever since World War II we have been centered our development on the common car. And with it being 2015, new technology pops up everyday. Making the normal car nicer and more high tech.

Did you know that the adverage person will spend up to two years of their lives sitting in traffic? Thats a long time! Thats 730 days we could be spending doing something completly different, and probably something more important and productive. New trends that say the whole town should'nt use cars are genious! we wouldn't waste so much money on Gas, and let alone the thousands of dollars we put into buying or leasing a car. Some peoples concerns might be that this new and up coming trend might put many people out of work. But it will save so many lives.

And how about all you tree huggers out there, think of how much cleaner the world would be.

Rechargeablecars are great, but they still do damage to the enviornment. We woudn't have to worry about global warming as mcuh, or all the pollution in the air. This will save so many lives and not just human lives, I'm talking about trees, plants, animals. Everthing will be saved. Less polution in the air can fix many problems.

As for the obeicity problem all around the world, that will be helped as well. With no cars people will have to excersise to get where they need to go. When we need to go to the market we would have to walk, run, or ride a bicycle. This would be the push we need to end obeicity. People will get fit and not even know it. Kids would walk or bike to school, meaning there would have to be more schools because they would have to be closer. We could be putting the money we put into for cars, for school! This is how Obamas 2 free yars of college could be paid for. Making the people of America more educated.

The better educated we are the better jobs we will get. Making the profits we made from gas unnessicary. We could now have more doctors, teachers, and so on and so forth. Automobeal Machanics are great, my dad is one, but without cars they could use their smart engineering talents for something else. Something else like making airplanes, or making our military more equipt for battles. We could have all these updated things, and be saving money towards other things thay could be really befitting us.

I'm not trying to say that cars aren't totally awesome, cause I'm all for a good old classic car. But without cars, our country, economy, our people, will be healthier. This is something we should really look into. It could pay for schooling, save money, drematiclly help the obeicity problem. There are so many things that will benifit us from this.            