As we all know that the Electoral College was founded by our founding fathers for this great country. Changing the electoral college to popular vote is an amazing idea because well the people will have a more say so then just voting for an elector. In the three aricles I was given I happen to come a crooss to many  reason why the elctoal college should be banned or removed.

First of all, the Electoral College came to be because the founding fathers needed a compomise to set their differences aside to find out a way to elect the president and now that technology and human development has changed and every thing is changing why cant we change the way we elect our president. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. To win the presidential election you have to get 270 electoral vote. The article "T

he Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defense of the system are wrong

" it says that " the electoral colege is unfair to voters. Because of the winner take-all sustem in each state, candidate don't spend time in states they know the have no chance of winning. this qoute means to say that the candidates dont take the time to go to place they dont think they're going to win over but thats the problem just because the other candidate has tht state one the people in the state could probably gradually go for the other candidate values or moral. " Its official: The electoral college is unfair and outdated and irrational". this quote means that we as American Citizen we need to improve our voting system ou with the old and in with the new.

second of all, their are many reason why th electoral college should change o popular voting. Well one reason why that they should change it is because "under the electoral system, voters vote not for he president but, for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." this quote means that instead of voting for the president your actually voting for the people who are going to vote for them. When people go voting I would think that they would want to actually vote for Barack Obama but instead your actually not. That system needs to be banned if thats suppose to be a good way to vote well then it needs to be changed because if he U.S. is for the people and by the people  well then the "people" should have a more wider range of  who gets to be the president of the United States then just someone else voting for them.

To conclude the system for the electoral college should be changed and it needs to be changed. The elctoral college is a unfair and not the right way to do things and as a U.S. citizen changing it wiil make it easier for me to have a say so in who gets elected for the president  o the United States.                                                    