Driving at times can be a really big issue to deal with. There are so many thing that can go wrong, a crash, then increase in insurence, you might even get your license taken away after that. When you don't drive, the world is an open book just waiting to be read. Walking or riding bikes can relieve stress and make you more fit and in shape. The gasses that come from cars are just aweful for the environment, and there would be such a largly reduced number in traffic jams if pleople would just get off the road. Once your on the road, anything can happen. It's dangerous, i sometimes even wonder if i really want a license.

When you drive there are so many traffic jams. The idea of never having to worry about traffic again is intriguing. Why worry about having to rush through traffic just to get to work on time, when instead you can simply manage your time correctly and walk at the pace you are comfortable with. Traffic jams cause accidents that put peoples lives at risk. In the article, ''Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Botoga'' by Andrew Selsky, he states, ''...millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during a car-free day...leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams''. The car-free day in Colombia is working to perfection to promote alternative transportation, i don't see why we dont have this in the United States.

Drivig causes stress and tension and that's never good. A stressed driver is a dangerous driver, when you're stressed you become more careless and less aware of your surroundings and that is very dangerous as a driver it leads to wreckless driving and accidents. Being without a car relieves this stress for many people. In the article, ''In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars'' by Elisabeth Rosenthal, a quote from the article states, ''When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way,'' said Heidrun Walter. This shows that cars are a lot to handle and that most people just believe it is too much stress for one person to deal with.

The smog and pollution caused by all the cars that are on the road these days is another reason why it is best to stay off the road. In the article, ''Paris bans driving due to smog'' by Robert Duffer, he says, ''[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world''. The cities ban on cars on the road shows a serious concern in the saftey of the people because of all the smog that driving has caused.

Some people might argue that cars would be faster, but if you take a car you are going to be mor at risk of an accident, you're going to be polluting the air, and you'll only be stressing yourself out in the process. I strongly suggest that America does something to change our ways, because if we don't, we'll end up like Beijing and Paris with an extremly high pollution rate.    