During the Summer students are not concerned about learning , students are more focused on watching Netflix or going swimming with friends. In order to help with influencing students to continue learning throughout break, most schools assign students mandatory projects to work on during Summer break. Although some believe that Summer projects should be student - designed due to student- designed projects being easier. Others believe that Summer projects should be teacher - designed because, teachers are more professional when it comes to choosing classwork, students would become stressed out, and choosing assignments is not any student's responsibility. For instance, since Summer projects are not optional students would appreciate the projects being teacher- designed in order to feel more motivated to learn.

For starters, teachers are more professional when it comes to choosing classwork , because teachers know that procrastinating is not an option when it comes to learning. If the projects were student- designed then students would most likely put the assignment off until last minute or just decide to complete the assignment without any effort. For example, students would not take the assignment as seriously because of the amount of work required in choosing an assignment. Students would most likely decide to sleep in or hangout with friends instead of doing research and picking a decent topic. If teachers designed the projects then students would have topics available to them instead of having to do extra research and work.

Secondly school is stressful to begin with , and having to work on a project over the Summer is not something most students want to do. In order for students to feel less stressed out, teachers should make sure that they choose topics that would suit student's interests. Students would feel less stressed because they would have good examples for the projects. For example, a teacher could instead chose a less complicated topic such as a list of role- models from the past. When the list is handed to the students , the students would not have to worry about stressing about finding a certain topic. Students could just pick a person that seems interesting from the list then decide how many hours in a day they would spend researching that certain person.

Lastly, choosing assignments is not the student's responsibility. Teachers are responsible for assigning students their classwork. When classwork is not optional students should not have to deal with extra work that is supposed to be a teacher's responsibility. For example, teachers assigning students to design the projects is unessecary and students would be less motivated to complete their projects sooner due to the amount of work. Teachers should be the ones to make sure student's have learned and when student's have more work than needed , students will least likely learn as much due to rushing through the projects.

Summer projects should be teacher designed because teachers are professional, students should not have to feel stressed during break, and teachers are responsible for choosing assignments. Teachers are responsible for helping students to learn until they are fully independent and have enough knowledge on their own.        