Generic_Name

If you had the chance to attend your classes at home would you take that chance? Most teachers in Generic_School agree that student get more experience and a better learning from actually going to school than attending school from home. I believe students wouldn't benefit from attending classes from home because there is more distractions and students can cheat without getting caught.

First, when attending classes from your home, there is more distractions in your home than there is at your school. For example, while in school you may have a couple students in your class who might start talking, but they can be removed so that you and other students can have a quiet learning environment; however, at home your brother, sister, mom, dad, or grandparents can cause a distraction while you are doing your class online and they wont be removed from that room or house that you share with them. Also, when having a class at home, people can be distracted by other things in your house such as: TV, Video games, chores, or even by other guest that are in your house to visit. In result, attending classes at home isn't beneficial for students. Attending classes at home not only causes more distractions, but they cause more cheating also.

Secondly, although attending classes at home can result in more distractions, it also cases cheating. Studies have shown that 49% of students use Google or Wikipedia in order to get answers on worksheets, test, and quizzes that the student is having trouble with at that time. In another words, attending classes at home will produce more cheating for those students who struggle on their assignments. To conclude, students who attend classes at home are more liable to cheat on a difficult assignment that they're struggling with.

Finally, many of students and adults have disagreed and believe that attending classes at home is more beneficial than going to an actual school. Many of adults believe that if students attend classes at home, then it can help and get them ready for the real world, but it can also help them get ready for collage. Studies show that over 56% of students want to attend classes from home because of other reasons such as: being able to sleep in, use there phone without being told to get off of it by a teacher, and even being able to play the game and do there work. To conclude, students and there parents believe getting ready for the real world can start now if teachers can agree to let students attend class from there home.

Students benefit more from going to school than attending classes from home. In conclusion, students benefit from going to school than attending classes from home because, there less distractions and less cheating.