I don't know if you know know who I am but, I am Luke Bomberger. I have been on a ship for many years now. You should ride a cattle-boat too. A cattle-boat is a boat that carries animals across sea. When I was younger I helped my aunt Katie with her farm, that helped me prepare for the dangers that life holds.

Even though there are dangers at sea, I still like it. I am very happy while I am on this boat. It is an opportunity of a lifetime. "I am grateful for the opportunity." I said back in the 1900s. I was told by a captain to keep doing cattle-boating for my service. Your friends could help you become a cattle-boater. My friend helped me. By participating in cattle-boat, you could learn about other people and their needs. You could also learn about more cultures.

You may not think this a great "job" in all but actually, it kind of is. You do not know what is going to come at you. It's like a total suprise! You could be the driver of the boat, you could watch over the animals like me, you could do all sorts of things! We'll make sure you get fed. Who knows maybe you could even end up being the captain of the ship. That would be cool considering you just got here. You may think this is a joke but it's actually not.

There are a lot of men and women on this ship with the animals. You could be one of them, and who knows, maybe you'll try it and like it as much as me. "It made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs." When my friend asked me to go with him, I couldn't say no because I knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime. Maybe you will have one of your friends come up to you an ask you to go to another country with them and away from your family. Maybe, you'll even say yes.

If you do go anywhere, tell me and I'll give you all the hints I know. Be careful though, the sea is dangerous. There have been a few ship-wrecks here and there. But not for a while. You are going to need a couple essentials: blankets, pillows, extra clothes, food, water, shoes and that is pretty much all you need for this boat ride. Have a good time! 