"I hate coming to school" is something that I hear from my friends very often. Most teenagers go to a high school. Some find it very diffficult and are searching for an alternative. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Although some may believe otherwise, students would benefit from attending classes from home because school can be extremely stressful for students with poor mental health, and they give students more time for other things, such as jobs.

First of all, students with poor mental health would greatly benefit from being able to attend classes from home by way of online conferences because school can be extremely stressful for them. For example, my good friend Generic_Name, who was a student at Generic_School, started to have problems with her mental health and stopped attending her classes. She was able to take her courses online, which really helped her out. With the online courses taking away most of the stress from school, she was able to greatly improve her health, and she is doing much better now. Another example illustrating the benefits of allowing students to attend classes from home would be my friend Generic_Name, who also starting taking online courses instead of physically attending her classes because she started to have issues with her mental health as a result of anxiety and bullying. Attending online classes removed her from the bullying and allowed her to focus on improving her mental health. Since then, she has shown great improvement. Physically attending classes is not always to best option for some students.

Secondly, online courses would allow students who have to work to have more time to work. For example, when my older sister, Generic_Name, was a student at Generic_School, she had a job to support my family because my mom does not make a lot of money, and she did not always have enough time to get her schoolwork done. Quitting her job to focus only on school was not an option back then because the extra money that she made really helped our family with things, such as groceries. If she had taken online courses, the extra time would have allowed her to have a balance between work and school. Another example highlighting the importance of having more time as a result of taking online courses is my friend Generic_Name, who is currently in the same situation that my sister and my family were in. She works as a hostess at Carraba's, an Italian restaurant, so she can make money to help her family out. She is not always able to finish all of her homework on time, which has caused her grades to fall. She has talked to her counselor about online courses because she knows that she would have more time to work and complete schoolwork. Taking online courses would have had enormous benefits for both my sister and Generic_Name.

Others might argue that teenagers should be focused on doing well in school first, and not on other things, such as jobs, so they can get into good universities. While understandable, that logic is flawed due to the fact that it is still possible to get accepted into a good university even if students only took online courses. For example, my cousin Generic_Name, who completed online courses, was still able to get accepted into a university. It might have taken some time for her to adjust to being on a physical campus, but she is doing really well in college. Taking online courses did not affect her chances of getting accepted into college.

Allowing students to take online courses can be very beneficial to students. In the past, before schools offered online courses, students either had to keep attending school, even if they were suffering, or they would have no other choice but to drop out, which would prevent them from getting accepted into college and also from securing a well-paying job. In the future, as more schools start to allow their students to attend classes from home, students will see that they have more options, and it will not be so easy for them to flunk out. My call to action is for every high school to offer some online courses, so that students will have more alternatives to school and will be able to complete school with as little trouble as possible. 