As technology advances through modern times, previously impossible technologoies and processes become feasible. One such technology that fits this description is the driverless car. While the driverless car in the past seemed nothing more than a popular topic in science fiction, the technology of driverless cars has become very real in recent years, with companies such as Google and Tesla developing their own driverless cars. Driverless cars should be developed and used as they are extremely convenient and provide greater levels of safety for humans.

The convenience of driverless cars are clear to see. A driverless car would be able to take over the control of the car during the mundane activities of everyday driving, such as being stuck in slow traffic or a monotonous drive down the interstate. In 2013, BMW began development on a "Traffic Jam Assistant" which would allow a car to take over control from the driver during slow driving situations when there is little skill required from a driver. Imagine that the next time a person was stuck in traffic, they could just let the car take over while he or she relaxed, unfrustrated by the stop and go movement of cars in a traffic jam. Another positive feature of driverless cars is that, according to Google cofounder Sergey Brin, they would consume about half as much gas as standard cars do today. This would be better for both the driver, as he or she would spend less on gas, and the environment, as there would be less consumption of fossil fuels and less emission into the atmosphere. The convenience of a driverless car is undeniable.

Another key reason as to why driverless cars should be developed is that they could provide greater safety for passengers. In the current state of driving, the majority of accidents are caused by human error. These errors can come in various forms, whether it be a person not braking soon enough, driving through a red light, or operating his or her vehicle recklessly. These prevalent problems that continually cause accidents for humans could be stopped completely if autonomous cars were used. Autonomous cars would be programmed so that they wouldn't go dangerously fast, and their sensors would warn them when to brake and how much pressure to apply to the brake. The issue of drunk driving would also become less of a problem as the car would have control of the wheel and wouldn't make the same judgement errors than an intoxicted driver might. Driverless cars can only become safer.

Some might argue that driverless cars aren't truly autonomous yet, and that issues could appear if there is a system error with the car. While it is true that competely driverless cars aren't available yet, companies such as Google and Tesla are continually developing driverless cars to handle more and more driving situations, and the only time that a driver is required to take over control of the wheel is in complex situations such as maneuvering through roadwork or a car accident. While system errors could occur, these issues would become increasingly uncommon the further that the technology of autonomous cars is developed, and legislature would not allow the legalization of completely driverless cars until it is shown that the likelihood of an error is either extremely unlikely or non-existent. As time goes on, driverless cars can only improve and become safer and more convenient for drivers.

Driverless cars will continually be developed to create the safest and most convenient riding experience for passengers. While some flaws exist today and there are still some instances which require human skill at the wheel, these instances are becoming less and less common due to improving software and the use of sensors in these vehicles. Driverless cars are the future of the driving experience. 