Driving Essay

Driving has become an everyday thing to citizens. Although many find popular to use their phones why driving. This is a bad example to children. Many people have died by getting ran over, or by car accidents. Sadly, drivers don't think about that when using technology while on wheels. Some states are already putting to work a hands free law, in which drivers are not allowed to use their technology while driving.

First of all, technology is affecting drivers; it is developing problems to society.

Technology has become an addiction that can lead to deaths. It's a distraction to all drivers. It's also a distraction because it can distract you from seeing the speed limit which makes you get tickets. Some phone companies have come up with some potential solutions. The Apple company has a "Do Not Disturb While Driving" this makes your phone block all messages and phones while you're in a moving car.

Second of all, driving causes deaths. The first cause of death is by automobiles. Children, adults, and creatures get run over every single day. Pedestrians who ride bicycles, walk or drive motorcycles are at greater risk of getting hit or run over than people who ride cars. Most car accidents occur at night because they are more likely to fall asleep or use their phones. This is likely to happen to adults and children under the age of twenty-five.

Corresponding, to some many deaths by car Georgia came up with the Georgia Hands Free Law also known as bill six seventy-three. It states anyone who is found or seen with a phone while driving will be stopped. Civilians can make calls and answer them by using a car cradle. This law was passed to reduce traffic crashes. After the law was passed they saw a decrees in car accidents and in deaths by mobiles.

In conclusion civilians should not be able to use the phone while driving. It could save a life when your being safe and not using your phone while driving. Not texting and driving can prevent many future inconvenience with the law. If you don't want to get a ticket and spend time in jail you shouldn't use your phone while driving. Deaths decreased when the government started to take action and changing the laws for drivers.       