I agree with the principal that every student should participate in an extracuricular activity becuase, students should have more oppurtunities to broaden their minds and be open to new experiences. Especially, experiences that are beyond what basic school curriculum touches on. Students are also able to meet others that share common interests through extracurricular activities.

Foremost, extrcurricular activites are usually very positive environments where students can enjoy themselves without the pressure of school and other issues. For students that may have family problems, these activities may be their escape where they can indulge into what they enjoy doing. If students spend their time in a healthy, fun environment, they're much more likely to be overall happier people and probably perfom better in school.

Another reason why extracurricular activites should be an essential for students is that usually, whether the activty is a sport or some type of club, the school curriculum probably won't cover that topic as much because it has it's own standards it needs to follow. So, in turn, students should participate in activities that interest them because these activities will encourage them to think more deeply, widen their minds, and create new experiences for themselves that they would not get a chance to experience if they never did anything outside of school.

Many students that may be more on the introverted side could also thrive in extracuricular activities since they will have the chance to meet other students that share common interests as them or else, they wouldn't have chosen the same activity. When students already enjoy what they're doing with their free time it's only more beneficial if they have the chance to express their feelings about it with other people that unerstand what they're talking about since they also participate in that activity.

Lastly, very many children in our generation are going to be familiar to a world constantly on their electronics. Although you can't change the modernization of civilization, students should take this time while they're still young and have more time for themselves to join extracurricular activites for the sole purpose of learning more of what interests them. Taking what they have learned in these activites will definetly help them in some way shape or form in the future.

In conclusion, I do believe that extracuricular activities should be part of students' day to day life because the experiences they're getting, they probably will not recieve anywhere else. Activites are a wonderful way for students to spend their time and possibly help them in real life situations when they grow up. Through the helpful and friendly environment, students will work to achieve the fullest potential in their activities.