I disagree that students should work at home because I think if students work at home It would be much more challenging and difficult. Most students would be confused and wouldn't understand any of the work working alone by themselves.

I think I would not prefer to work at home is because I would not be able to focus and understand the work. If you work in a classroom or school you can have more assistance. You can understand the topic or the work that you all are working on. Some students might also like working at school better because you get more help, and you can work in groups to understand the work a lot beter. In some other cases I think working in a classroom is more beneficial because it helps you pass your grade and get you to where you need to be ahead of your life.

Most students think it is easier to go to school at home. They think it is easier to go to school at home rather than at a real school because you have more sleep time. You can still enjoy the rest of your day without going to school. I think most parents would prefer their kids going to school, and being in a classroom so they can understand the lesson, know how to do it, and know what the teacher is talking about. Going to school at home can not help you pass the grade, go to the next grade, or graduate from high school, because at home you are not learning anything.

Working at a school would be more beneficial because you can have conferences with your childs teacher to see how they are doing in all of their classes. You can see if they are missing any work or haven't completed any ol their work. Most students like to skip class or leave school, so they never get good grades or so they will not have to do the work. Some students may get things wrong in some of heir classes but they still manage to try and do the work. Ohers may think the work is very difficult and challenging so they ask for help to understand the lesson so that they can get the work done.

In conclusion, I think working at school where you can get more help is way easier than working at home where you don't undrstand it at all and you have to struggle to figure out how to do all of your work.   