How many people do you know that would like to go to the Moon? Many I'm sure, but why would they want to risk their life just to see another planet? Well, the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" has a theory that this exploration is a very worthy pursuit despite its many visible challeneges and dangers.

The authors first allegation is that human curiosity is taking over and will lead us to many finds beyond our planet of Earth. While you may not worry about Venus and what it looks like every day, just think, wouldn't it be facsinating if there was another hospitable planet besides Earth? Venus was once the most earth-like planet in our solar system, and that statement is what makes astronomers so intrigued by the idea of someday going there. Venus is known to have a sufrace of rocky, valleys, mountains, and craters, so what would make the mission safe for humans and effective for scientists?

The author also says, although nondeliberately, that humans have the supplies to one day explore Venus, but doesnn't make the effort to. The author makes the conclusion that "peering at venus from a ship safely far above" isn't going to cut it. The words used by the author are supported because not only can you not get reliable resources, they could be ineffective and just a waste of time. Instead, researchers need to take the challenge and work on innovations that allow machines to last long enough to contribute to the exploration of Venus.

While the author believes there are a number of dangers in the exploration, it is stated that instead of feeling like there is a risk to you, think of them as challenges that you will one day overcome. As of now NASA is simplifying electronics because modern technology may be quick and powerful, but it becomes delicate in aggrivating physical conditions such as heat.

Overall, the author is stating that despite dangers presented, exploring Venus could be a great investment for the long run. So next time you are asked of what the future could hold for you, just think it may be a trip to Venus.                      