Driverless cars are an innovation to the 21st century that have been dreamed of and worked on for many decades.

Many people have dreamed of driverless cars but couldn't share their dreams in a tangable form because the technolgy to make these futuristic automobiles did not exist at the time, but just recently this has changed.

There has been much debate on driverless cars with many skeptics.

My positon on driverless cars are that the automotive and technology industries should merge together and share their ideas to embrace this new form of transportation many people have been dreaming for.

Not only would driverless cars be more convenient but would aslo be much safer.

All drivers have human error but if there was to be and an intelligent, automonous computer driveing there would be little to no crashes.

Fully automonous vechicles are still many years away, but laws of many states prohibit testing of driverless vechiles.

These laws are causing the consumer to wait longer because companies need important development testing to be conducted in order to improve and devlop these cars.

Driverless Cars have many imortant and reliable senors have been put strategically on the cars to maximize efficency.

For example Google's modified Toyota Prius has position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel and a rotating sensor on the roof with many other senosors.

The sensor on the roof is the Dubbed LIDAR and is one of the most important one.

The LIDAR makes a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings. This allows the car to see all of its surrondings unlike the human eye which can on see one direction.

Driverless cars are coming to the marketplace and the consumer needs a relible and well tested car but with laws in place companies will not be able to devlop and test their cars to the best of their ablities.

I am completely for driverless cars for a more convenient and safer future and driverless cars are a step to that dream.

Thousands of people die in horrific crashes each year and to limit progress of trying to make the roads safer is just wrong.    