Phones & Driving

Cell phones were introduced in the United States market in the decade of 1980 and their usage instantly grew during the next two decades. Everyday people die in car accidents because they use cell phones while driving. According to research cell phones are leading factors that cause accidents. Studies show that a cell phone put drivers at a four time greater risk of a crush. Despite the danger, people still use cell phones because they want to be always available and keep in touch with other people. Also, they think that a hand-free set is safe because they can drive using two hands. Moreover, they use arguments that cell phones are necessary in emergency situations. Although some people support using cell phones while driving, there is evidence that they are dangerous and people should avoid talking while driving.

Opponents whose work depends on a cell phone like lawyers or businessmen say that they always have to be available to answer the phone to keep their business running. However, because of their habits, they can create dangerous and hazardous situations like a collision or an accident. Business issues can be stressful and dangerous while driving because it can cause emotional reactions that can lead to tragedy. Because of the conversation they might get upset and this can lower their driving ability that can lead to losing control over the car. So if people don't make a decision to put away their cell phones their routine can harm innocent people.

Opponents say that a hands-free set is safe because people can drive using two hands. However, hands-free devices don't eliminate the risk of causing an accident and even may it worsen by suggesting that the behavior is safe. Researches show that using a headset can be as dangerous as holding a phone because the conversations distract drivers from focusing on the road. Scientists had proven that people talking over the phone image of the person who they are talking to and that doesn't interfere with driving. The problem is when a car swerves unexpectedly or pedestrians step into traffic, and the mind lacks the processing power to react in time. So the problem isn't in holding the wheel and cell phone at the same time which may cause an accident because of lack manoeuvre, it is because of conversation and lack of reaction at the particular time.

Opponents say that cell phones are good because they give an opportunity to make a call in case of emergency. However, it is an illusion of safety because when people need it the most either they can't find it or reach it because they are stuck in a car. People shouldn't fully depend on cell phones because they are not reliable, and the trusty solution for the difficult situation is OnStar. OnStar is a service that in case of an accident or an emergency will contact you. If you are not able to answer, they will contact the police department, hospital and fire service giving them your exact GPS location. Therefore, nowadays cell phones are unnecessary devices because they are unreliable in emergency situations while On Star is always prepared to help you in an accident.

Concluding, if people don't give up cell-phones the number of fatalities on the roads will still increase. It is people's responsibility to not incur their own and other people's lives.      