The using of cars has caused much of the worlds green house gas imitions, in America as much as 50% of the imitions are caused souly by transportation. Many people feel that this is destroying our atmosphere and that we should cut down on imitions by walking, biking or car pooling. Efforts to cut down keep our atmosphere clean and breathable. Some communities such as Vauban, Germany have illiminated car use entirely.

Vauban is a new experimental suburb where there is no street parking or driveways and the only place to park is in a garage where you must buy a space for 40,000 which has cut the car ownership rate down to only about 30%. There are as many as 5,500 residents in Vauban and most of them say they like it much better without having to worry about a car. In many suburbs however the houses are much to far apart for them to be car-free, though many areas are considering developments like this one so they can clean up the air.

Other cities, such as Paris, are fourced to ban driving for days at a time in order to clear the thick smog that hovers above the city. On one day odd numbered plates won't be allowed to drive and on the next day even, volaters are fined $31. As many as 4,000 drivers are fined. Only once the smog was sufficently cleared did they allow both plate types to drive. Limiting driving can prevent problems like this from occuring in all cities.

In Colombia they have a day where all cars are banned, chalanging the inhabitance to find alternate routs of travel for fear of the $25 fine for violators. The day without cars began in the mid-1990's for Bogota, a city with a population of 7 million, has participated, but last year two other cities in Colombia joined in. Dispite the rainy weather many people still hiked or rode their bikes. Many citizens say that it keeps the cities air clear and that its nice to have a day without traffic jams filling the streets. The Day without cars is an event that many countries hope to adopt.

Studies show that many people from the newest generation aren't bothering to get a licence. Cell phones and apps make car pooling easy and the internet allows you to interact with friends without having to drive to visit them. Experts are hoping this trend will continue and that it will cut down the gas imitions. With increased use of social networking technology hopefully people will also become more aware of how they are affecting their planet and move to help others cut down as well.            