Summer break is something both teachers and students look forward to. They both get a break from the responsibilities they would normally have if school was in session. However, many schools require students to complete some kind of summer project before they return back to school. Most of which are designed by teachers. Many students feel pressured by the need to complete this task and often put little to no effort into completing it. I believe that these project should be students-designed because they give students a break, allows students to learn for themselves and allows them to work at their own pace.

Summer break is a time that gives students a break from all the hard work they put in during school. It gives them time to spend with family or to simply relax at home by themselves. By allowing summer projects to be student-designed, it will give them time to relax during their break rather than constantly worrying about how and when they're going to complete their project. The summer project that is assigned, should be something that can be completed easily without much effort. That way summer break won't been viewed as just another way teacher can assign work. Also, students will look forward to completing the project because it involves something that that students might want to do.

Keeping the summer projects student-designed allows students the opportunity to want to learn for themselves. Students should be given assignments on where they traveled or what they did over the summer, rather then assigning a reading or math assignment. Many students already dread the idea of having to do school work over the summer and assign them something that they don't want to do will only further increase their chances of not doing it. Instead assignments should be revolved around summer itself. Having a student write a paper about a country they visited will give them a chance to learn about the countries culture and will give them an opportunity to share about the adventures they had. If a student, didn't travel over the summer than they can just write about something interesting about their summer. Teachers should want students to learn on their own and not have to force them. This will also give students the opportunity to be responsible.

With all summer project being designed around the student rather than teachers, it will give students the chance to allow them to work at their own paces. Many students, such as myself, will want to wait until the very last second to complete a summer project. When the project is completed, it ends up with a poor grade because it was rushed. If summer assignments were revolved around the student, there wouldn't be a need to rush or procrastinate. Students will be giving plenty of time to complete their projects so they can be turned in with a grade they will desire. They will also give teachers an opportunity to learn more about their students and their lives.

In conclusion, having summer projects be student-designed is the best way to ensure that a student is learning over the break. It helps by giving students a break, allowing students to work for themselves and allows students to work at their own pace. If all schools did this from now own, it will surely give students a more optimistic view about learning.