A on going debate of today is whether schools offering students the option of distance learning. With distance learning students get the opportunity to attend classes from their home. Some people believe that allowing students to do their work online and through video conferencing would help them. Others believe that distance learning would cause problems with the students such as poor communication skills and not being able to handle real world situations. Schools should not be offering distance learning as it could cause more problems for the students.

One reason schools should not be offering distant learning is that it could cause students to have poor communication skills. Not attending a school could cause students to not know how to properly talk with other. For example students that spend most of their time at home due to online schooling would not be able to learn how to act with others their own age or with authority figures. Attending schools would also allow students to be around children their own age and allow them to make friends. Distance learning would also cause problems by not allowing students to interact with others outside of the people they already know making it difficult for them to meet new people.

Students should also attend schools so that they can learn how to handle real world situations. Attending schools would allow students to learn and see how things will be when they become adults. One example of this is that a student that uses distance learning would not know how to work well with others and could cause problems for them at their job. Attending schools could help students with job interviews and make them more prepared instead of having no experience with others they do not know well. Students that do not attend schools could also become lazy and introverts due to not leaving the house as a majority of children and teens time is spent in school.

Some claim that distance learning helps those with mental illness and that attending schools would cause more harm to these students than help them. While those who support distance learning want to help students they could be causing more harm to these students mentally. Allowing distance learning would cause students to not be able to make friends or to interact with others their own age. Distance learning could also cause them to have more trouble then they originally had by not being able to interact with multiple other people.

Distance learning is a topic of debate today because it could have such an effect on how the new generations turn out and how they develop. Others should not allow distance schooling as it can cause many negative effects with children and teens. Distance learning could stunt the mental growth of many students as well as cause them to not be fully prepared with real word situations. Do not allow the new generation to be held back by something like distance learning tat could have been prevented.