Driverless cars should not be something that is utilized this early on in time. Driverless cars could be a high advancement in autonomous technology, however, the safety risks and other such cons outweigh the benefits. These vehicles do not have the evidence to support that they would definitely be one hundred percent safe when driving out and about the actual roads of life. Granted that Google does have test runs that have occured on controlled courses, but these can be very very different from actual public streets. Driverless cars put our own people at risk solely because some would like to be lazy and not have to drive themelves.

Driverless cars pose a large threat to the general populace. These autonomous vehicles could potentially take hundreds of lives a year; possibly thousands. Although there may be some good things about switching to autonomous cars, there are many more bad. These cars are robotic, and not human operated. The human brain has a very efficient way of knowing when something is unsafe, and preventing that from happening. These cars couldn't notice if there were road traffic ahead, and if they were to continue driving, it could cause an accident. The same scenario goes for if there were someone walking across the road, a pedestrian.

The idea of putting a camera into this car to watch the driver is ludicrous. Privacy is a very big deal these days, and there aren't many who'd sacrifice that for anything. The fact that the driver would be continually watched whhile in the car would turn many people away instantly. Judging by the risks involved in this vehicle, it may take a lot to get it approved, and if nothing else, you should try to have the people on your side.

Another issue of these unmanned vehicles is the limit of travel. What if somebody were wanting to go on a road trip? These vehicles surely only have a specific operating range, judging by the fact that they were said to be put in place of a taxi service. The efficiency isn't enough to outweigh all of these risks and con's. The safety risks and other such con's outweigh the benefits of driverless cars, however, they have the potential be a high advancement in autonomous technology.