Whew! its summertime, and you're ready for the fun to begin. Except, you have that really big summer assignment from school. However, the project is one of your own design! You get to choose what you do and how you do it as long as it follows the guidelines. You're just glad it wasnt one your teacher came up with! Summer projects should be student-designed because it will make the students take on some responsibility and give them a sense of inclusion in their education.

The average person is in school about fourteen years. As you go through school you grow and you have to take on some responsibility. You have to do homework, projects, etc. While youre in school it is easy to accept these responsibilities, because you have a teacher and other student there to remind you of what you need to do. However, over the summer the only person there to be reminded by is yourself, and its difficult to remember something you're not interested in. By giving students the chance to design their own summer projects , you are putting them in a position to take responsibility. Not only for planning it, but for actually completing the assignment as well.

As student we already dont have a lot of say in our education. We are taught things based off of an outline that our teacher has to follow, and we are constantly being given assignments designed by the teacher or taken from pages of a textbook. It isnt uncommon for students to complain or be aggravated about not getting much say in what they get to do school-wise. By giving students the opprotunity to design and do a project on their own gives them a chance to be involved in their education and for them to call the shots. Not only does this make students feel inluded, but they are also more inclined to do better, and actually finish, something that they're interested in.

In conclusion, by giving students the chance to design their own summer projects you are puytting them in a position to acceot responsibility and to feel included in their education. Both of which should be a goal for all supporters of education.          