To the principal,

Your new policy about sports and other extra-curricular activities is a very good plan.

However, many students will not benefit from this plan.

Most of the students have a C average, and if you put your policy into effect, they may not be able to do many after school activities.

Though your policy will encourage students to strive for good grades, it may not work.

You would be taking away opportunities for them to broaden their horizons and grow to their full potential. I am writing to advise you against this new change in the policy.

Many students enjoy the sports and clubs that they are able to participate in.

However, if you change the policy, students with a grade average below a B will not have this opportunity.

Therefore I do not agree with you changing the policy.

Students will not be able to do some of the activities provided to them.

This would not be fair to the majority of the student body.

One specific reason I do not support your new policy is because many students try their hardest, but simply just cannot maintain a B average.

If you were to take the average of all of the grades of the entire student body and average them together, you could make that the requirement instead.

That way all of the students have a goal that they can actually achieve.

Plus, they have a reward for maintaining their good grades.

Though your policy would encourage students to keep good grades, there are some students who just are not able to maintain a B average.

Many students enjoy the opportunity to expand their horizon and learn new things.

Nevertheless, if the policy is changed, that opportunity may be taken away from some of the students.

Then they would not have a chance to grow and learn new things.

Isn't that what school is supposed to be all about?

Learning new things, taking chances, and making the best of you opportunities?

If you change the school's policy on extra-curricular activities, how will they ever achieve that?

Students need to have a good academic standard, but they also need to have a chance to grow and explore new things. With a change in the school's policy, many students may not have the chance to explore the world and discover who they are.

Sports and clubs provide a good start for students to discover what they are good at, and then take it one step farther and discover what they want to do with their life.

If they do not have the opportunity to discover this, then what is the point of sending them to school?

School is supposed to provide a way for students to do something with their life, and if they do not know what they want to do with their life, then what will they do in the future.

People need a way to prepare themselves for what lies ahead, and if they don't know how to deal with it, then their lives could be changed forever.

Thank you for taking the time to read my letter and address my concerns.

I wish you the best of luck and know you will do what you think is best for this school and its student body.

I hope you will take what I have said into account and use this knowledge accordingly.