Taking in multiple people's advice can benefit you in a variety of ways. As an example, most people take in more than one persons advice to see which would be the best advice for them,

Because some people give better advice than others. Another reason why people go to multiple people for advice is because, people thrive off of others opinion,

you may not see it but when you give or take in others advice it can really benefit you or the significant other you gave advice to .Taking in multiple others advice is a plus because it helps you when you don't know what you want to do and it gives you options to choose from.

Roman philosopher Cicero said "no one can give you wiser advice than yourself",

But thats not necessarily true. Most people strive off of others ideas. Students at school have guidance counselors and teachers that they take advice from all of the time, and mostly it benefits them in numerous ways. Another benefit for asking more than one person for advice is one person may give you bad advice on purpose, but if you have a second option to go to hopefully you can figure out the best one.

When I was about seven or eight me and my sister had psychologists, We would both talk to one of the psychologists at a time kind of in a rotation. They would both give different advice and one was not always better than the the others. Taking in advice from both of them really benefited me, they both had different ideas of what I

should do. Yes I was only eight years old but I could understand where both of them were coming from. And I had multiple ideas to choose from, But sometimes I didnt really like the advice that they me so I went to mom for some I

ideas.

Advice does not always have to be about your personal life though, Say your at the store with your friends. And you say "do you think i should buy this shirt" theres always gonna be that one friend that says "yeah

''you have the money". But theres gonna be your other friend that says "can you picture yourself wearing it because i know that if i dont love it in the store it's gonna just sit in my closet" that actually happened to me once. I

went with friends idea and saved a little bit of money doing so.

All and all taking advice from multiple people at once benefits citizens in numerous ways even me.

when you take in in multiple others advice it is a plus, because it helps you when you do not know what you want to do and it gives you options to choose from. If you talk to more than one person for advice it may mean that you were unsure of the advice you were given the first time. I suggest you talk to multiple people before you make a decision especially if it is a big decision.