I think that seeking advice from more than one person on a problem that you have is crucial to getting a good answer. There are many reasons why I think this is a good way to approach a problem. I have three main solutions to this sometimes very challenging problem that many people may have faced during their lifetime.

First, you may clear your mind of any doubts that you had about the problem. Getting more than one opinion on a problem leads to having an idea of what may be the correct answer to your problem. This will also lead to a clearer window of options that you can choose from. This is a very good thing, especially if you have many doubts or are not really getting what to do on the issue. This leads onto the next reason, checking to see if your plan is a viable solution to your problem.

Second, you may be able to check if your answer is a viable solution to the problem at hand. Again, getting more than one opinion if key to having a good idea or action plan to your problem. If your ideas do not make sense, then you will have to re-decide your entire plan. Again, another reason as to why you should get multiple opinions on a problem. The next one is seeing if you can have any other approaches to the situation.

The third and final reason is that you can see if you have any other approaches to said situation. If you feel cornered and your mind feels clouded, then it is always a good idea to see if there are any other good approaches. People can always help you, because they will almost always have a clearer mind than you, because they are not facing the situation directly. This will help because you can always have multiple approaches to a situation. You can approach with anger, sadness, or maybe even guilt, among other different feelings, but the best will always be a clear, simple, and calm approach.

To sum up, there are three main reasons why I think that you should have another person or multiple people helping you decide on a situation. One, clearing any doubts that you may have had. Two, checking to see if your solution is viable and attainable to the situation based on your circumstances. Third and finally, seeing if you can have any other approaches to your situation. Thank you for reading my paper!