Dr. haung and his colleagues are creators of the FACS (Facial Action Coding System). They are from the University of Illinois. The FACS is a system that can detect different emotions from a persons facial expressions. This system is on a computer and it can identify if a person is happy or sad and many other emotions. The way the system can tell is by indentify the different muscles used for each facial expression.

This idea is very interesting to me. I find that the system has positives and negatives. Also there is nothing out in the world right now like it. I think that the FACS could be very helpful in some ways. The system can work in schools which would help the teachers know who is needing help and who isnt understanding the subject. It can also show what students might be feeling like that day and if a person should be trying to make their day better.

The sytsem can also help others know when someone could be depressed. Then the person could get the help they need right way and get it before it is to late. I also think this could help with bullying because other students will know if that person is relating to them or not. The students would maybe understanding one another more by knowing that they arent the only ones that are feeling the way they do.

The system also doesnt let people hide their emotions. This could be a good thing and a bad thing. Some people dont like to show their emotions and dont trust people enough to tell them what is going on. This system could be forcing people to say whats on their mind and they might not want anyone to know. On the other hand it might be good for them to get those feelings out and find help or have someone to talk to.

The FACS is still being worked on. It is a great and unique idea that has more positives that negatives. It would be very successful for many schools all over the country. The Faical Action Coding System in my opionion is going to help kids or teenagers more than adults. Overall i think this would be a good idea for schools to have.