Dear Mr./Mrs. Senator,

The Electoral College is a process created by the founding fathers of America to choose a pesident by a vote in Congress and by a popular vote of qualified citizens. I believe this is not a very effective process. I think that we should go to popular vote because it allows the citizens to have a vote and it is not up to people that alread run our country and it allows the president to be chosen fairly.

To begin with, the electoral college is not a good idea becuase it allows citizens to have a voice and it is not decided by people that already run oour country. If we resorted to this method, there might be a higher voter turn out because the citizens will feel that they really have a say in who runs the country. They won't think that if they vote for one person  and they win, that some lousy people in Congress will come in and make a different decision and go against the majority. This will make more and more people want to make a difference in the country. Then we will have more concered citizens and the U.S. will be a better all around country. As stated in Source two, "voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." That fact is why we should absolutly not have an electoral college. Then if we don't have an electoral college then we will have a higher voter turn out. Then after that, the good ole USA will be a better country than all of the other countries in the world ccombined except for our health and education. That is just one reason why should not have an electoral college.

Additionally, we should not have an electoral college because it will then allow us to chose the president fairly. With not having the electoral college vote on a president, it would make theh voting system more fair and not based on a few people. Then when people try and figure out if they will vote or not, they will think, "hey, my vote does matter becuase there is no electoral college to spoil my vote!" This would make for a much better run country becuase the citizens have a voice in the government. The only reason a citizen would not vote would be if they were critically injured or they didn't like any of the canidates. This is just one of the many reasons why we should get rid of the electoral college.

In conclusion, we should get rid of the eclectoral college because it would give the citizens more of a voice and it would make theh voting process more fair. This would make the government and the country run smoothly and a lot better than if we keep the electoral college.

thank you for your time Mr./Mrs. Senator    