"Different things are converging which suggest that we witnessing a long term cultural shift," said Mimi Sheller. As technology advances the world will start to get rid of things we use to use before, so that those new advancements could come and take their place, as time flies we might not need cars anymore, even though they are the most useful thing to get us from one place to another, they are also devastating for our community, and our environment. Now knowing that most people would never let go of there cars due to the amount of money people spend to buy them, that giving them up isn't going to be so easy. However giving up your car will have a major benefit to our everyday life, also there are many other alternatives that you could use instead of your car that will not only benefit you but also the people around you, such as bikes, busses, trains, and subways. Now that most companies are going green, they are developing ways to not let harmful gasses produced by vehicles that burn fossil fuels to stop damaging the earths atmosphere, so the air we breath isn't toxic and life threatening so maybe one day everyone can live in a much cleaner safer place.

In a suburb in Germany, the residents have given up their cars completely as to where street parking, driveways and home garages are a thing of the past. There are now only two known ways of parking which is having to buy a parking garage space for $40,000, and your house. It has been working very well because 70% of the towns families don't own cars, and 57% of the people sold their cars to move there. Now being in a car is where the true form of someone comes out, you don't need to even be a driver but you still will experience "Road rage," thats when someone else gets so mad that they will start saying things they dont need, or want to say, but it just comes out with anger that they dont care about what they said. Being to angry is bad for someone because it causes stress and anger issues that will later lead on to heath problems and car accidents, now if we reduce the number of drivers, or even come to a point where driving a car doesn't even exist anymore, the amount of angry people will be reduced, thus making the world a little bit nicer than it already is.

Now bringing the topic back reducing cars will reduce the amount of accidents followed by them. Think about everyone you know, now picture those you love who have died by a car accident, Now whether they died by texting, drinking or someone else hit them    