We should keep our method of chosing a president even though many dont agree because of a few reasons.  One, big states.  Two, avoid run off eclections. Finnaly, to determide the certainty of outcome.

First, the issue of big states.  States are put in two catogories, big states and small states, accoring to population. Presidential candidates give more of their attention during the campain to the larger states.  As a result of electral college the big states have more elctors and thus more votes.  For example, in Forida, the popular vote was extermly close in 2012,  Obama who won, got 29 electoral votes.  If obama had spent that time in Wyoming, he would have only had gotten 3 electoral votes.

Second, to avoid run off elections. Using the eectoral college we avoid the problem of elections where no candidate receives a majority.  the electoral college can procuce a clear winner rather than pressure when no canidate wins majority and complications of the process. Two examples of this in 1968 and 1992 with president Nixan and president Clinton.  They both had 43 percent pluarlity of popular vote, while winning a majority of elcetoral college.

Finnally, to determine Certainty of outcome. Since, almost all states have electoral votes on a winner takes all basis, even the slightest pluarlity in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in tht state. Although, it is possible to have a dispoute over the outcome of an electoral colege, for instance in 20000, it is much less likley than a dispute over the popualr vote. And even though a tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes is an even number of 538, it is extremly unlikey to happen.

You could argue that the method of slecting a president through Electoral college may turn off potential voters for a canidate that has no hope if carrying their state,  knowing their vote will have no effect.  Then they might have less incentive to pay attention to the campaingn. But being realisic, no voters one vote swings a natioal electon, and about one half of the eligable American population did vote in 2012's election.

In conclution, the reasons we shoud kee our current method of chosng the countroies president is becuause of big states, to avoid run off elections, and to determine he certainty of outcome. Even though some dont agree it has been working for us in the past an can contiue working for us to chose our president in the future.            