Some schools offer distance learing as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video chating. Students may benefit from being able to attend classes from home. I agree, students should have the option to attend classes from home. Students will benefit from this but others may disagree with this idea. Students will benefit from being at home doing classwork than sitting in class all day listening to the teacher teach the lesson.

In Fact, Students in college may do their work or listen to the lesson online at home than to listen to the teacher talk. Students may even have the choice to do online college and still get their degree if they pass the class. Just like colleges, some schools offer online classes to students in high school. Students in high school may benefit from this to skip a grade and move to a higher grade or to get the credits they need. Students can benefit from online classes at home in many different ways.

Also, Students may take online classes instead of attending the classes at school because of life problem. For example, students may take online classes because the students may not have a car to drive theirselves to school. Students can benefit from learning lessons at home than at school. Students can also be ahead of their grade or class and score a higher grade in tests.

Some may say, students learning at school than taking online classes are the best idea for the student. Students can attend to class and understand the teacher; also students can ask for help face to face with the teacher to understand the lesson more. However, teachers may not have time to talk to different students with different problems all the time. Students taking online classes can send a message to the teacher or even video chat them to ask about the problem. Students taking online classes can also see how the lesson is shown on the screen than having the teacher explain it. Students can benefit from taking classes at home than attending classes at school.

Finally, Students can benefit from attending classes at home than at school. Students can score higher grades or move into a higher grade level. students can get the credits they need to pass a grade online than taking the class again in school. Students should do online classes than learnng the classes in school because it would benefit them in life. 