Some might thing cars are essential to life, but other might think they don't need them at all. Limiting car use is a good thing because it limits the amount of fog, it reduces traffic jams and crashes, and people seem to be more family oriented. i believe that limiting car usage is a very helpful thing and a great idea.

We all know how badly cars gases are are and that without those harmful gasses there wouldn't be much fog. now imagine if this happened here in America. In Paris they band driving due to the near record pollution. They did this so they could have a day where the air would clear out and there wouldn't be that much fog. Some might think this is an excellent idea, but some might say its a very lousiness idea. Limiting car usage actually helps because your limiting how much of those harmful gases you put in the air. They tried this for a certain amount of time in Paris and that do you know! The smog cleared up enough for the ruling French party to rescind the ban for driving your cars. Now this is just one of the many great things limiting car usage has on our planet.

Something else similar to what they did in Paris happened in Colombia. They limited the car usage for one day to free up some of the congestion that they had in the capital (Bogota). This is also a great idea because people don't have to worry about crash crashing, people getting ran over, or kids getting hit by cars. People don't have to worry about a lot of harsh things, so they live a somewhat stress less life. In Bogota they are also making new parks for people because without cars you don't need to drive to parks you can just walk. People when they walk tend to have conversations with the people around them so they tend to have a more social and all in all better lifestyle. This could also help in places like New York or other very congested cities. Without all those cars filling up the roads with all there horrible gases, New York would have a very clean breathable air. Another thing is that they wouldn't have many traffic jams and/or many people getting in car crashes.

One of the most important reasons why limiting car usage is an advantage is because people are more family oriented. Studies have shown that when people don't have cars they fell like they don't have and debts and fell somewhat free. This will make a person more loving and more interested in family time. Also people tend to walk more and carpool, so this causes them to car pool or walk in groups and they do all of that with their own family. In Germany the citizens say life without a car is great. One citizen said how his life was so tense when he had a car and now without a car he is mush happier. Also America the percentage of drives have gone down by a lot. This is because people are unemployed, they don't have money to buy a car, or  they simply don't want to be tense and have a car.

Limiting car usage is a great ting and i believe people should at least try to make it happen. It helps reunite family's, clear the amount of fog, and it reduces car jams and accidents. Some people might think its not a very good idea but some might think it is. So people should at least try to see what happens.                            