Phones and Driving

Over the years, phones and other technology have taken over the lives of society. They have become a major necessity to society. People go everywhere with them and it often feels as though you've lost a child of you don't have it with you.

Although phones are of great use to every human being there are also a major drawback. People do not know how to discipline themselves to put away their phones, especially while they're driving in a vehicle.

Drivers should not be able to use their cellphones while driving.

On any given day, about 660,000 americans will attempt to use their phones while in a vehicle according to FFC.

According to CDC, texting and driving caused a whopping nine deaths and over 500 injuries in the year of 2018. One out of four car crashes are caused by texting and driving. Many studies have shown that texting while driving doubles the chance of getting into an accident. The obsession of phones have caused way too many casualties than needed.

Many laws have been established to prevent the rise of deaths caused by texting and driving. About sixteen states including the U.S. ban all hand-held cell phone use , while others have placed restrictions regarding cell phones. Some states like, Connecticut,

Georgia , New Jersey, and Maryland have placed penalties or fines for people that are texting while driving. These laws and penalties have shown to be pretty effective, the rates of casualties due to cell phone use have gone down tremendously.

People in this society should also research ways to help them prevent the usage of the phones while driving. People all over the world should take their lives more seriously.

Answering a text, taking a video for snapchat, whatever the case may be should not be the cause of their fatal death.

Works Cited

Bennett, Lauren. " 10 Terrifying Facts About Texting and Driving" (2018).

TEENSAFE.

"100 Distracted Driving Facts & Statistics" 5. Apr. 2018

Facts & Statistics About Texting & Driving, Melinda J. Helbock A.P.C , 2019,

2019 Texting and Driving Statistics, Miller & Zois, LLC

Federal Communications Commission. " The Dangers of Distracted Driving" 2019                                     