What do you like more home schooling or regular schooling. Learning from home is very benefitful to have it,it gives people calm cool vibes,you can focus more also if you get sick then you have different options to keep learning also you get done with homeschooling before regular school. Even though that some people like learning from home they miss out on so much like field trips, friend's and so much more but learning from home is very benefitful and i'll tell you why.

At home there not that many distractions so more than likely you are focused on what you're doing. So when you're doing school work its just you the computer and someone whos is teaching. It's great to have the one on one with someone it helps very much and it gives another reason to stay focused. Focusing is everything when it come's to school work. Some people work a lot better when there's no one around. And the reason why i said that because a pole was set for if you worked on school work better if there was no one around vs people around. The percent came to be about 55% percent of people said they worked very well when no one was around and the other 45% said they like working on school work around people. And again it just prove's that someone people like working on school work when no one is around so doing school work at home for 55% percent of these people would give them a place to be focused.

Getting sick is one of the biggest problems with school's. When someone gets sick for a long time they so stressed when they come back to school. distance learning can solve that if there is not that bad where they can't get on a computer thats understandable. For the one that are just sick or staying home for a injuries they can have a option to go online and be able to do it there school work from video conferencing or line work. It's just an alternative for people who are sick and want to do school work or have injuries.

Home schooling is a lot faster to do than regular school. Home schooling can be done in three to four hours other than the eight hours of school not mention you get out earlier in the year then regular students. Well that depends if your doing everything you need to do of course. If your really into it you can get your course's done within a few months and be done with that year. Home schooling is good if you like getting to the point. it's a great learning experience and also dont worry saying if i do home schooling am i going to get into college of course home schooling goes of the same grading as regular schools goes off of so dont worry.

With home schooling you feel mean different things and can experience it as well. your in a quiet place and your focusing and your just one on one with teacher so you get to grow as well with the teacher and learn new thing's. It gives you more options when your sick or you have an injuries. It's just always great to have that back up so if you ever get out of this you have that backdoor you can go through. And with home schooling you get done two times faster than regular school who would not like that and you get out sooner. Just home schooling is just something to have a backdoor to or you want to stay more focused or you just want to get faster.                      