Dear state senator,

I do not agree with the idea of the electoral college. The United States' president should be elected by popular vote and not just by a specific amount of electors. One great reason why the president of the US should be elected by popular vote is because the citizens won't really get to choose what president that they want to have for the next one or two terms. It is also unfair to the people that vote for their president (according to source 2.) We should really stick to the president being elected by popular vote.

The president should be elected by popular vote because the people are practically not voting for their president. The majority of voter aren't voting for the president, but they're voting for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president(as said in source 2.) The electors that actually elect the president can be anyone not holding public office. The citizens that vote can not always control whom their electors vote for.

It's official that the electoral college is also unfair to voters. Voters are voting for other electors to then elect the president. What if to say there was a tie after voting for the candidates? The election would be handed down to the House of Representatives, where the state delegations vote on the president. The electoral college is also unfair because of the win-take-all system in each state. Candidates won't stay in states where they know they a zero percent chance of winning, they'll only focus on the states with tight races.

So there is why I agree that the electoral college should be abolished and the government should change the voting system so that the president is voted by popular vote. We need to abolish the electoral college because the presidents that are being elected are not being elected by the citizens, but instead the president is elected by the electors that are elected by the citizens. The electoral college process should go no further because it is unfair, outdated, and irrational. I really long to see a change in voting systems soon.                     