Yes, I think students can greatly benefit from online school. Students who are able to attend school from home are probably benefiting the most. A modern day student who commutes to school on a daily basis can be filled with anxieties and stress towards what the day will bring. But a student who has the comfort of being in their home will surely thrive from the freedom.

Students would learn how to manage their time more efficiently. A school day on average lasts about seven hours. Students attend about four classes each day and go home. Between going to classes, driving to and from school, lunch period, and going to a class with no lessons plans. A lot of time is wasted whereas at home, time can be used more efficiently. In seven hours a student can finish all their online classes and have the additional time to do more research on the subjects they're studying. This could mean that the student who stay at home will be more refined and educated on topics that theyre looking to pursue. With the additionally time students can effectively take up new hobbies instead of stressing about the sheer amount of work they were given for the week. Students can also get a full eight to nine hours of sleep, instead of staying up all night which seems to be the common trend among teens.

Students who attend school are usually riddled with anxiety and stress. The cause of this in most cases is "peers". A lot of students are rude and judgmental, which can make one dread going to school each day. Since schools dont deal with this properly and dont bother to fester its growth from a young age. Students think its okay to treat other poorly. Even if they know its wrong they wont stop because they have no sympathy or concept of a world outside their own. This horrible attitude is a contribution of why students hate going to school. The additional pressure that is bestowed on students is another contribution to stress. Having four test on the same day with little to no preparation is what causes this stress. The fear of "

where will I sit for lunch now that all my friends have left me?

". Not only do these increase stress, But they also distract students from preforming well in school. All of these worries can be easily prevented if students have the opportunity of online classes.

Student will learn to become more responsible. At school work is given to you with a set due date, which is typically at the end of class. The due dates essentially forces you to complete the work in a very timely matter. They dont care if its done correctly or not. From this the students only learn discipline from school. This gives students no work ethic anywhere else or the independence to develop one. This is why we often see students procrastinate which costs them their sleep. Online school at home requires students to set their own times and standards in order for them to get work done. This gives them freedom and life experience without the restraints of school.

I think online school is an optimal alternative. It effectively reduces the stress of being in an unfamiliar environment. However, for some kid, school serves as their only time to socialize. Many students have other activities outside of school that require time and attention, such as family, work, sports, and clubs. Which leaves them with practically no time for friends. Additionally the students will most likely be cooped up in their houses all day. This can lead to depression and isolation. Not to mention, students might become lazy with the realization that they dont have to prioritize their work because theyre not in a regulated environment. But I think with excess time and freedom the students stress factors will reduce, which will help them develop a healthy work ethic and resilience. Which means that work wont be a problem for them and theyll develop independence.

In conclusion, I think that online school will serve a better purpose to students in the future. It will reduce stress, develop a work ethic, save money and time, give students the opportunity to spend extra time with friends, and overall give students the comfort of being able to work from their own home. The school system can be overwhelming and draining to kids giving them online schooling will make them feel more comfortable and confident with going into the future.