In the past, if society was told that cars would be able to drive themselves people would have called you crazy or would have laughed it off,calling it wishful thinking. Throughout life, we as humans have worked towards new advances in technology. We are always looking for a way to make life easier and simpler. The queastion is where so we draw the line. Saftey. Saftey has been a concern through time because we are less independent and have become more dependent on machines that could easily break, causes permanant damage. With this in mind, it is not safe to have drivless cars.

Having driverless cars could be harmful to not only to the passenger, but other drivers as well. The text states, "In reality, Google has had cars that could drive independetly under specific conditions since 2009." If this is the case, why are they just coming out with it. It is probably due to the fact that there are casualties. For example, the passage mentions that they have not fully developed the driverless car to handle complicated traffic issues, which is basically what driving requires. This could definatly result in drivers getting injured. Not only could they cause injures, but they could also cause legal issues.

If one thinks about it, most people don't want to rely on a car's driving if there is a chance it could cause an accident. There are no laws about driverless cars so it could be caos if something goes wrong. What if the car causes an accident because of an malfunction? There is no law about driverless cars, which means it could be blamed on the driver or the manufacturer. These are very concerning points that has to be taken in to consideration. Some may argue that driverless cars are better than human drivers.

Although there are numerous drawbacks to driverless cars, some may say they are better drivers than humans. The passage states," The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." This shows that driverless cars opperate breaks better than humans do.

Although driverless cars are good with brakes, thay can't be relied on enough to put ones life in their hands. The passage states,"They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." This means that even though the point of driverless cars is that humans don't have to drive, we technically still have to drive and stay alert. This seems to defeat the whole purpose of creating driverless cars if it is not actually driverless. Even though we rely on technoloy for various activities, that doesn't mean we have to rely on them to do everything.

The reality is that driverless cars are more trouble than good. They compromise the saftey of people on the road. They also don't have any regulations or laws, which could impact driving and saftey. When taking into account that there are no laws or order for driverless cars, it is no question that driverless cars should not be sold to society. We,as humans, have a responsibiliy to protect and mantain the saftey and life God gave us.          