Driverless cars: are they really safe? There are many points to go with the postitive and negative things about driverless cars. Both sides have very important points to make. There are, however, many more negatives than positives. Three negative points that will be discussed in this essay are: driverless cars would increase the amount of legal conflicts between car manufacturers and drivers, driverless cars would worsen the amount of car malfunctions and put many people in danger, and there is an increased risk of car crashes if driverless cars are used.

To begin, driverless cars would increase the amount of legal conflicts between car manufacturers and drivers. If a driverless car were to fail to do a task correctly, that mistake could result in an accident. This accident would then bring up the question, "who is at fault?" When this question surfaces, many drivers will blame the car manufacturing company, bringing up the point that the car itself failed and not the driver. When this point is brought up, many car manufacturing companies will have to fight lawsuits and have to appear in court. This court showing would result in a large conflict for the company and for the driver, seeing as many people outside of the issue would take sides. The issue would become a large problem for the world, and would be easily settled if driverless cars were not mad to begin with.

Also, driverless cars would increase the amount of car malfunctions that could happen on the road, resulting in an increased danger when going out on the roads. Driverless cars could malfunction in many ways. For example, they could fail to alert the driver when they need to take over, they could fail to communicate that something is wrong with the car itself, or they could fail to drive correctly. Each of those malfunctions could cause serious problems on the road, and put many people in even more danger than they are already in. Although there are many more malfunctions that could happen with a driverless car, they could all be prevented if driverless cars were not let out on to the streets.

The third point is that driverless cars increase the risk of car accidents. Car accidents happen in many ways. If a driver is distracted, if a car malfunctions, if there is a road block, etc. With driverless cars, many drivers will become more distracted, feeling as though they dop not need to watch the road at all and can do whatever they please. However, that is not the case. With a driverless car, people need to be on a higher alert than they would with a regular car: making sure the car does not malfunction, and keeping an eye out for the worst. If a driver were to become too distracted, they would not be watching the road closely enough, and are putting many lives in danger. If the car were to try and get the driver's attention for assistance through an area the car felt it could not drive through, the driver would be too distracted and the car could crash.

To conclude, there are multiple negative effects driverless cars would have if they were used. Driverless cars would increase the amount of legal conflicts between car manufacturers and drivers, driverless cars would worsen the amount of car malfunctions, resulting in many lives put in danger, and with driverless cars there is an increased risk of car crashes. Driverless cars are a bad idea, and should not be put on the roads. They put many people in danger. Driverless cars: are they really safe?    