There are alot of rumors going around about "Unmasking the face on Mars." Many say that it is a face that was created by the aliens in Mars. However, this is not true. Scientists in NASA have background information that states that it is a Martian mesa. The rumor of " Unmasking the Face on Mars" is false because scientists have background research proving it isn't, authors influenced readers to think that it was, and the scientists used higher quality cameras.

Scientist have done so much background research on this topic of the "face" to prove that their statement is true. The scientists statement was that it was another Martian mesa. Martian mesa's are very common in the Cydonia area. Only that this one had unusual shadows that made it look like a face. Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Only to reveal that they were correct, it was just a natural landform. What the picture actually showed was butte or mesa, which are landforms that are common around the American West.

Authors influenced many readers to think that it was a face so they could engage them. When NASA unvieled the image for the public to see the caption quoted, " huge rock formation... which resembles a human head, formed by shadows giving the illusions of eyes, nose, and a mouth." Many authors thought this would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars. To their suprise it did catch many readers attention. The " Face on Mars" starred in a hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows. and even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years. People thought the face was a bona fide evidence of life on Mars, evidence that NASA would prefer to hide. However, defenders on the NASA budget wish there was an acient civilization on Mars. Scientists took several pictures to prove their point.

Another thing scientists did was take several pictures to see different points of views and from different angles. The first picture taken of the "face" was on the

NASA Viking 1. The second picture taken was on the Mars orbiter Camera which snapped a picture that was ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. These pictures clearly proved that it was a natural land formation, a mesa, which were very common in that area.

The rumor of " Unmasking the Face on Mars" is false because scientists have background research proving it isn't, authors influenced readers, and the scientists used higher quality cameras. These are the reasons how the "face" on Mars was never true.                                 