The latest technology called the FACS or Facial Action Coding System detects the emotional state of kids or adults. This technology is a leading way to help students out in a classroom or a work environment. This technology is supposedly able to help find the emotions of a human and how they feel by recognizing their facial features and muscles.

This new technology FACS, known as the Facial Action Coding System reads the facial features and the way humans use their muscles in their faces to recognize their emotional state, whether they be happy, sad etc. This new technology would not benefit our society today for the reason that we have careers and jobs in understanding humans emotional state, the time, money and effort spent in learning this would all be replaced by a robot or new technology, this causes jobs to be lost and people that spent their lives and money learning this career are out of a job because of a technology. FACS is good in a way to survey an area of people but not a necessity to the world today.

Although reading a students emotional state in a classroom is a good benefit and way to figure out whether or not that student needs more help or is the reason he/she are a disturbance in class or failing in a classroom. I believe it is a good thing to have at a school because kids today hide their emotions, and avoid socialization because of their emotional state, and if we have that today in our classrooms we could help kids grades rise, fights lessen, and even could stop bullying with knowing that a kid is in fear, why is he/she in fear? or a kid is sad? etc. These things help us understand what to do in order to keep the school safe and student happy in the classroom.

If the FACS is able to read students emotions and detect if that human is sad, happy etc. then yes this technology would be a great resource in the classroom or school today because of so many things happening over the world teachers and their staff should be able to use this technology to undestand their students emotions in order to help them in a classroom and figure out how to help them in academics for a better future. The article in this passage talks about how the FACS can even adress emotional views from a picture that dated back to the era when Da Vinci was painting, and this even could give us what emotion the Mona Lisa out out and how Da Vinci used facial features to depict emotion in his paintings, this could bring out the views of people back in the 1800s or even earlier.

Though I am not for this technology for the fact that we do not need a machine or computer telling us what state of emotion were in, it could be a great use in the school board today with all the violence and cyber communication that happens. The only good reason to bring this computer or technology into the public is in our classrooms to keep the students in a good school environment so that they can succeed and continue with grades that meet the highest standards so that they can have an education to look upon when they apply for a job, for that is the only reason this could even be worth the money.

Overall the technology or FACS, is a good learning tool for our school board and classrooms today, but only for the student body this could work tremendous and help our society. If there was a way to create a facial recognition system that could help our society and our criminals today and understand how they think then there is a chance that this could go farther in our world. Overall this new technology is not a good source or worth the money to put out to the public, I say this because as our world gets older and our generation furthers themselves, it is too easy to see the emotional state of human beings, we do not need a computer to say it understands better than the human body that gets study everyday.