Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I think students should not be allowed to use our cell phones during lunch and free period.

I think this because of cheating, bullying, and disturbance in class.

Because cell phones are an easy way to communicate students will take it for granted on tests, essays or homework.

Students will be able to give an answer or even the questions on the test with ha click of a button.

This is not fair to other students who studied hard or did their homework when they were suppose to.

teachers will notice a dramatic change in grades from period one to period seven.

Even though students would only be allowed to use their cell phones during lunch and free period, answers still travel quick. Because of cell phone use answers to tests, essays or homework will be spread to the whole school.

Isn't school suppose to be a friendly and safe environment? I know that with cell phones the bullies have more sneaky ways and techniques to bully a peer. When sending a text message it is received by the person instantly.

Therefore more horrific comments will be spread all over during lunch and free period.

With cell phones these nasty comments will not be caught.

Chances are no will no but the two bullies texting and receiving the messages.

When bullies know that they are not going to get caught they will keep bullying.

Then the bullying trend will come an even more popular style.

You might think that all students are going to listen and turn off their cell phones during class but they wont.

They will take advantage!

During class students come to learn and expand their knowledge.

With the disturbance of constant ringing and vibrating their learning experience will be interrupted.

I know that teachers want to have a learning environment but when they hear a cell phone they will lecture on about how that is not acceptable.

That too will take away from the students learning time. Cell phones are suppose to be helpful but not disruptive.

Students might love the idea having usage of cell phones allowed, but it would not be a good choice.

Cell phone usage during lunch and free period will have students chatting on tests, essays, and homework.

cell phones also will increase bullying and will be a huge distraction during school.

School is a safe environment and cell phones will interfere with your students learning experience.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME