Credit Recovery Language Arts Essay

In the world today most people own a cellphone. Some can even say that it is weird not to have a phone. Society loves to advertise the newest phones year after year to keep people buying new ones, but some people use their phones so much that it actually becomes a hazard to them. Most people can say that they have used a cellphone while driving at least once but doing so also comes with many risks and consequences. It is bad to use a cellphone while driving because it can endanger one's personal safety, the passengers and pedestrians safety around them, and a person can have legal action taken against them.

Using a cellphone while driving can harm a person's personal safety no matter how far they are going. People cannot 100% pay full attention to the road and full attention to their phone, statistics can prove that. In the article "Cell Phone Use While Driving Statistics" by Teen Drivers Source, it states that "Cell phone use behind the wheel reduces the amount of brain activity associated with driving by 37%. This quote proves that people cannot evenly multi task while driving. Even if people think that they can do it, it is scientifically proven that it is not possible.

Not only does using a cellphone while driving endanger a persons own health, but they also put passengers and pedestrians health endanger as well. In the article "Texting and Driving Accidents Statistics" by Edgar Snyder and Associates, it says "Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving." This means that thousands of people are injured each year by irresponsible drivers. Also in the article "Texting while Driving" by Matt Robertson, he states that "Many people have died as a result of other people texting while driving." Being a responsible driver does not only affect one person, but it affects and endangers everyone around them.

In some states the use of a cellphone while driving has been outlawed or banned but some people still continue to ignore the rules of the road and be an irresponsible driver. In the article "The Consequences of Texting While Driving" by Joshua, it says "If a driver is found breaking their state laws on texting and driving, their punishment could range from minimal to serious." The consequences for texting while driving are really not worth the trouble of that one text back.

Using a cellphone and driving in today's society is becoming a serious issue.

Some people don't understand how bad things can get just from one text or call back. If people cannot change the way they do things now, then later on in the future, society could become a bad or more dangerous place than it already is.

Work Cited:

https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-stat istics. htmlhttps://www. teendriversource. org/teen-crash-risks-prevention/distracted-drivin g/cell-phones https://www. legalmatch. com/law-library/article/texting-while-driving-laws. html https://www. dmvcheatsheets. com/articles/the-consequences-of-texting-while-driving   