Have you ever wonder what it is like attend classes from home well let me tell you. Attend class at home is very cool in a way that u can a lot of stuff done and still be at home.75% of scientists say that attending school from home is very good for your health

I think school should let students attend class from home because it gives the students no distraction and the students are going to get the work and stuff more. For example I was a wacthing movie about this girl and she hated going to school and she didn't get along with the other students. She was there prey and the kids where the predators because they always bullied her because of her skin tone and her grades were not that good she had all f's. So one morning the parents decided to ask the teacher can she attend class from home and the teacher said yes so they started the next day and it turned out good because the girl was not getting bullied no more and her grades was looking good. This shows that attending classes from home is a good idea for your kids because it going to help your kids get her grades up and the kids wont get bullied.

Some people think that students shouldn't attend class for home because people say that the kids are not going to do there work and they are going to be playing there video games and not pay attention. However they are wrong because students are going to do there work and they are going to get a more better understanding of there work. For instance,I watched this TV show and this boy through attending class from school was dumb,but this boy that I was watching he got bad grade to and the was bully, and so the parents of this boy was thinking about letting his son attend school from home but the boy didnt won't to do that. As week go by the parents finally, got there son to attend class from about a week later the parents was satisfied with the results. The boy was getting his work done and his grades were awesome and the parents were so happy that they made that move.

If you just let your child attend class from home you would be a happy parents and you would see a major difference if u just let your child attend class from school .I just feel like attending class from home is a better way to get a understanding of the work and it will help you In the long run. If u just listen to me the world would be a better place and kids well do better in school 