Have you ever wondered what will happen if we keep using cars as a means of transportaiton? All the air pollution, killing the atmosphere, wasting valuable reasoruces. The future is going to be a place where we can't even breathe in air without having a mask on our heads due to smog. Going green as in limiting cars is a tremendous idea for the communites, and for the planet for various reasons. No smog in the atmosphere, greener communites, and more benefical ways of transportaion. Once you go green you will go never back.

To start off, Smog is one of the main disadvantages of owning or being in heavily populated area where they use cars frequently. Smog is when the cars emit there gases out of there tailpipe, and get traped in the atmosphere causing people to have problems breathing. Articles in the city of Paris in France said that they had to ban cars due to the smog in the atmosphere. They hit a near record of air pollution and stopped people form using there cars on certian days to clear the smog from the atmosphere. On that five day period of the intensifying smog actually rivaled the place of Beijing, China which is known to be one of the most polluted cities in the world. Once the smog cleared they rescind the ban of car usage only to be a the same place there are going to be now if they keep on using cars.

In addition, cities around the world are creating new communities where they are not allowed to use cars. In Vauban, Germany the residents there are in a set up where they cannot use cars in there everyday life. 70 percent of the people over there do not own a car and 57 percent sold their car just to move into the community. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrum Walter, a resident of the city. Other places in the world like in Bogota, Colombia is in a program that they cannot use cars in there life. The life were they are no cars is a good life for a community and for everyone else.

Lastly, the end of transportion is not done, but people are finding new ways of transportation. Newer ways of transportation has stared in New York they have a bike-sharing program has skyrocketed. As well as car pooling since only one car or van is being used rather than 4 of 5 cars it is more efficient. People in the United states are using these ideas in there everyday life. Sutdies have shown that are less likely to get their drivers liscense and get a car. The world will be in a better place without car usage.

To summerize, limiting car usage is a extrodinary idea to make the world a better place. To cease the air pollution of smog, to make greener communities, and to make efficent ways of transportation.    