Have you ever gotten an opinion, but then went to ask someone else? It's logical to want a bigger sample size and have more people confirm your thoughts. It can even go too far as once you get enough of the same response, it becomes the only right idea in your mind. However there are many benefits of asking multiple people, the experience they bring could be invaluable, people with different relations to you can let you see in new ways, and beliefs are always good to consider with the facts.

First off, you have to consider their experience. Asking someone who read an article once three years ago likely won't have great ideas to share. If you ask someone with a P.H.D in the topic, you are probably going to get a better answer and gain more information overall. Be careful though, many people act like they know lots about something even when they have no clue about the topic.

Secondly, you must think about the relation they have to you. Asking your family will probably get you a more conservative opinion thinking about safety. Asking someone who you have been in conflict with many times will likely give an answer that is worse than your current idea. So try asking people you know well and trust enough to give more helpful input. This isn't to say you should never ask your family or someone you fight with, just make sure you are getting helpful responses.

Lastly whenever you take an opinion into account, think about who said it and their natural beliefs and bias. Taking any opinion at face value can be detrimental and maybe even dangerous. If you ask a religious person and an atheist, they might have different opinions. As will an American and a Italian or even the President and a teacher. Everyone has some bias and beliefs they hold close so make sure to think about what bias they might have and for why they gave that answer!

So overall, just think about their knowledge on the topic, what feelings they may have towards you, and their bias. Make sure they know what they are talking about and not just saying stuff they made up on the spot. Think about how your relation may impact how they answer. Most importantly, consider their bias and reason for telling you what they told you. We have to make sure people get second opinions but more importantly, think about the response and not just accept it!