Google driverless cars are something of the future right? Not anymore the company Google are and did make cars that are driverless in some aspect. They still need human control in certan situations like in passage 7 stating some accidents and work zones human interaction with the mobile vehicle is needed. In a way its much sophicated than human driving more precise as you will. In this case it would be alot more safer for us and the enviorment as they say in passage 1 saying that the cars would use half the gas we use today. Theres more pros than cons in this invention and it would be a great accomplishment to creat a car with these abilities.

Google cars are here not yet purchasable , but they are made and tested.

With this long period of time they should create the best saftey precautions in the vehicle itself. With these new features im sure that they would bring in high saftey precaution in these vehicles because this is a new era of mobile vehicles. The fact there would be less accidents and fewer human fault accidents. There would be less tickets and fewer police officers running around pulling people over. If they make this car how i am thinking they will they could change everything about the art of driving.

Less gas more money thats what we all want. More money thats what youll have after Google release these driverless cars. The bonus will be a healthier enviorment. Half the gas half the polution. The enviorment is severly important to us. The air we breath, the food we eat, the pure decorations, the way we live is based on this huge factor of the enviorment the more healthier it is the better we live. With this car great things will happen outside and inside our wallets.

Based on these facts in the article theres a definate change becoming afloat the way we live will change for a long time. We get alot of improvements when they release this driverless car the rules will change for the better. We will see our family members safer with these automibles on the market. Lets make society great again with Google Driverless Cars. 