Online and video conferencing learning is becoming more popular in school systems throughout the country. Some schools offer distance learning as an option to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. While many students would love to stay at home and complete their school work, it could easily lead to many problems that could be prevented. Students would not have the ability to make friends or interact with other students face-to-face. Some students might prefer a classroom environment to help with the abilities to learn better. Online or video conferencing classes could lead the students to become less motivated or lazy. Ultimately, I disagree that students would benefit from being able to take classes from home.

Many students like to attend school because they get to see their friends and interact with new people. Having online classes as an option would take this away from students. Students would take advantage of staying home and completing their work. For example, students would have the ability to talk to their friends online but not actually talk in person and have an actual conversation with them. This could lead to losing friendships and even ruining their social skills for later in life. Therefore, students would not have the opportunity to meet new people or interact with their friends if they were taking online classes.

Other students would rather have a classroom setting than an online computer based setting. Students tend to learn better when they are in a classroom environment and can interact with a teacher. For example, if a student needed help with an assignment in a classroom, the teacher would be present and ready to assist them. If the student was taking an online course, it could take longer for the teacher to response or become available online. Having an online classroom setting could lead the student to not do well in the class or even cheat to get the assignment finished. Therefore, having a classroom environment with a teacher would be more beneficial for the student rather than an online environment.

Opponents argue that online or video conferencing learning would be beneficial to students more than learning in a classroom. For example, students would be able to work at their own pace in the class and do the amount of work they wanted to do that day. This would allow the students to be less stressed and more relaxed when learning. However, these online or video conferencing classes could lead the students to become lazy or less motivated to do anything. Becoming lazy or less motivated could result in assignments being turned in late, putting off every assignment due until last minute, or not even completing the assignments at all. Doing this would result in the student becoming behind or even failing the class. Therefore, students would not benefit from taking online classes due to the possibility of becoming lazy or unmotivated.

Online and video conferencing classes would not be beneficial for students. Taking classes at home comes with many problems. Students could lose friends they have had for a long time or their social skills could decline. The students would not have the ability to take the classes in a classroom setting and have a teacher present during the class. Some students may even become lazy or unmotivated to complete these courses and the assignments with them. In closing, students would benefit more from being at a school taking the classes than having the classes offered online at home. 