People who ask for advice are more likely to have better communication skills than others who don't. This is because human-to-human interactions causes more awareness to the people around you, rather than searching up for advice on the internet. Seeking more opinions helps you discover more about the, "What's, why's, and how's" to more situations. Asking only one person would help you, somewhat, but would not open you up to more ideas in the near future. Talking to more than one person to seek advice would allow you, and other people to build a foundation for multiple problems.

When seeking for more than one opinion for advice, you have the ability to hear more than one side of the story. In alternative you'd be able to see who is in the right and who is in the wrong of the situation, sort of like a judge. Finding a way to resolve what you needed advice for will help you better understand what you need to fix, but sometimes the better choice isn't always something you want to go with. This is why you need more than one option to find out a better way to resolve the problem then what you've started with.

Asking only one person for advice would limit your options by a ton. Resulting in a lacking complexion to the problem. You would not have much evidence about the situation. Nor being specific about the task at hand if you only have one person to talk to. You would not know if that person is speaking with truth or not because you don't have consent to anyone else. You may not know if that person is willing to give you good or bad advice, but you can easily identify that with their body language. An example would be someone nervously sweating, hyperventilating, pacing back and forth, inconsistent eye contact, and stuttering if caught in a lie.

Having more than one opinion when asking for advice would increase your ability in learning other people's personalities easier. Communication is key to having a good friendship with others, which will help you gain trust to others, resulting in good advice. One example is work; when you're at a meeting you'd be able to share you ideas with others while gaining advice from more than one person. The ability to find what's the right advice for you will have a huge impact on your reputation and trust in others.

Seeking out advice from more than one person would not only result in better communication skills, but would have a life impact. Finding more opinions will help you find more data that will help you find a solution to your problem easier. Asking more than one person for advice would not only help you, but others, it would advance your communication skills by a ton.