I think getting other people's advises is good idea because it could be helpful to a person in many ways for making life decisions or making financial decisions or living decisions. There are many people who you could like a family member or your friends cause those who are the people are the closets to you.

When looking for different people's advises, you want them to see your perspective and see which is the best choice you can do or sometimes maybe you wanna buy a car. You wanna get friends opinion on whether you should buy a car or not cause getting their opinions will help make the best decision. I think it would better to ask a friend for their opinion when making a financial decision cause maybe you have a friend that already has a car. You could ask that friend what its like to get car and the steps to it and they could tell whether its a good decision or not. Sometimes a friends decision might not be that helpful so you could ask your family like your parents or siblings.

Families are better to get an advice because youre parents are the people who already went through what you are going through so they could give you the best advice on how to be better. For example, when making life decision, I think its best to go to a family member because those are the people who can really help you. Maybe you wanna choose a college you wanna go to but you don't where to go, you could ask a sibling our parents where could be the best place for you to go and tell you how its like to go to college. You may have an older sibling who went to college and graduated, so you can ask them how its like to be in college and what are the goods and bad and give you advice on how to get through college without it being hard for you. Some siblings could even recommend you to go to the military or army, anything related to that because there are benefits to that and help you with school. Families are better to get an advice because youre parents are the people who already went through what you are going through so they could give you the best advice on how to be better

Sometimes you don't wanna ask people for their advice or maybe you wanna make the decisions yourself. Additionally, some decisions you make on your own so for example, you don't wanna career you wanna take for when you go to college. You start stress a lot because you are in your last year of high school and still don't know what you wanna do for your future. You ask your friends and family now even though you didnt want to, that how could you figure out what you wanna do for youre career. They give you the advice to chose what you like to do as a career and then you start to do research on colleges that could be best for the career you wanna take. You finally make your decision on what you wanna do as your career and what college you wanna go to, to pursue that career. You realize that you can't make a lot of decisions on your own without help from others.

As the conclusion, we realized that we always should ask the people around for advice and get their perspective to see what they would do if they were you.