A lot of people have diffrent out looks on driverless cars. I on the other hand think it is stupid, and pointless. With these cars we are putting other peoples lives at risk. They have so many sensors on them! What if these sensors stop working? These cars will cause a lot of traffic problems such as crash's, breaking when you don't need too, just little stupid stuff like that! So, before buying one of these "driverless" cars I would advise you to read about it first.

I am against "driverless" cars for many reasons, one with being that it would cause a lot of wrecks. You will never ever know when the car might not want to stop or when the car might not want to turn the way you want it. Put it this way, these cars are the most dangerous thing they could ever come out with. The cities want to stop street wrecks. Well, by bringing "driverless" cars it is not going to help at all. This car is not safe at all. It states in the passage that "Traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." Which this is basically saying that it's not even legal yet!

Two being that you never know when the car is going to lose control. It states that "GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger to backing into an object." For instence say you're in this "driverless" car, and you are going down a bump street, you won't be able to feel when the seat vibrates because it'll be so bumpy. With that being said that can make you lose control and crach the car. Now, what if this happend to happen and you have an infant in the car, your risking not only your life but the passangers/the infant in that car!

Three with being that the car has sensors.

It stated that " For starters they needed a whole lot of sensors." So, they needed sensors to recognize where they are at. They use these sensors for everything. It's all computrized. What if the computer stops working? This just basically means that these sensors are liable to stop working. These sensors are liabile to catch on fire. Last but not least what if you have a horrible person running the computers, and instead of sensing someone to where they needed to go he/she sensored them to a dark alley. The driver would be in trouble and theres nothing no one could do about it because their would be no proof. You guys are putting your lives at great risk!

Your putting your perfect life at risk! These cars are not and should not ever be legal. The majority of the people that would even buy this car would probably be the lazy people. You guys may think this car is amazing, but really it is not. This is beyond dangerous. Think before you act/buy. Before even buying a car like this i'd advise you to read about it first. Read all the pro's and con's! Good Luck. 