Teacher designed assignments would be the best way to help kids keep learning over the summer. The kids would not know the stuff for next year if they created the assignment. Teachers know the subject, they can also design it around the students learning needs.

Teachers know the subject because they went to college to teach that subject and know it well. The students would probably make the assignment so short and useless so they can mess around all summer. It is best that the teachers design it because they might need the students to learn material that they do not have time in the school year to teach. They can also use this assignment to get less important information out of the way so they can spend time on more important information. Or spend time on a hard unit that the students have not grasped yet.

The students should be able to design the assignment so they can have time over the break for them selves. They could have multiple assignments from other teachers. It would a lot of work for them because the usually have to take 6-7 classes. If they designed the assignment they could make short with all the stuff they need and the could still have to enjoy summer. Some students could have a job over the summer or have a sport they play and the assignment would take up any of there extra free time.

The teachers would be able to design the assignment around the students way learn. this would help them a lot easier so they can get the information better. The students would be greatly beneficial if the teacher adapted to their learning style. All students learn differently so this assignment could also give the teacher a heads up on how to teacher all of their students. If the teacher did not give out and assignment they might not have a easy time trying to teach those kids because they do not know what they know and how to teach it right.

Teachers know the course, and they can design the material around the students learning ability. All of this said a teacher designed assignment is the way to go if it is assigned. Both the teacher and students would be greatly rewarded if the teacher designs the project.