As teen mature, they make opinions about issues that can affect them. Some school offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I think students should not be benefit to attent classes from home.

Students would not be able to socialize with other students. For example, staying home every single day and not going out can lead you to depression. I personnel can't stay home all day and only focus on school. Also, teenagers need to interact with people more often and not be home all day. In conclusion, students need to get out of their home to clear their mind about all the work the school gives them.

Students would not be responsible in the future. For example, when they grow up they will not have the knowledge and the resposability it take to get a job out side of home. Students would not know all the resposabilities it takes to wake up every single day in the morning to go to school and do all the work that is required to do to be able to graduate. In other word, it will affect them not knowing how hard it's to work hard for something they never force them self to do. In conclusion, teenagers should get the experience and the hard work it take to be successful in life at a young age.

While some people believe that students should not be benefit to attend classes from home, others argue that students should be benefit to attend classes from home because they can do their work on their own pace. Althought this might be valid,There is several ideas to considered such as, Students would not be able to experience of being part of a club or sport in school. For example, Schools have many activies that can be helpful for students futher in life. Students will not know how it feel to be part of a team or how to work as a team. Also, In the furure sometimes they will be required to work with a group of people but they will not be comfortable because they never had that experience. In conclusion, Students wouldn't be able to do any activies in school.

Students shouldn't be allow to take classes at home while other student's go to school. First, Students will be isolated in their home all the time. Secondly, They will not know the hard work they need to put in to achieve something. Finally, Students wouldn't be able to enjoy the life of a teenager. As a result, Do you think it will help student's in the future?