On the planet surface of Venus, "temperatures average over 800 dgrees Farhrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet."(The Challenge of Exploring Venus).These harsh conditions are not meant for any human to experience but is the knowledge of this unique planet worth the risks? In the passage The Challenge of Exploring Venus, the author suggests that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. He supports this idea by explaining the dangers and background of Venus then by telling the plan of making it work and the reason why.

To begin the story, the author presents background information on Venus including its relation to Earth and the solar system. Then goes on to explain the difficulties that have been present in trying to explore this planet. It states in paragraph 2, "Each previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours."(The Challenge of Exploring Venus). This quote simply speaks for itself but was not used accidently because it lets the reader infer how serious the conditions are on Venus. The fact that a spaceship,

made out of materials specifically for exploring space, couldn't survive the landing shows how fatal this planet can be.

After reviewing all of the conditions and background of this planet, the mission to study this planet is still, or even more, prioritized then if these details weren't known. Most humans are very stubborn and once they have the desire to do something, it doesn't go away until that thing happens. This heavily relates to scientists and explorers, because part of their job is to discover things and help things make sense. Another crontributer is curiosity, most explorers are full of it and if they aren't they probably don't enjoy their job much. As it says in paragraph 8, "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors."(The Challenge of Exploring Venus) Not only will the success of studying the planet satisfy their curiosity of it, but it will lead to more discoveries and curiosities to make things even more worthwhile.

Throughout the story, the author supports the idea that the dangers of Venus are worth the risk if it means being able to study and discover new things. If humans didn't have curiosity life would be boring, it would be the same thing all the time no one would have the urge to do something new or figure something out.

Scientists are working together and brainstorming ideas to make the study of Venus possible not only to satisfy themselves but to help others in new discoveries. Imagine a life without living, sometimes dangerous things are worth the risk if it leads to a longlasting prize.    