It has been statistically documented that cellphone-related accidents are increasing at an alarming rate. The usage of phone apps, texting, GPS mapping for directions, and social media sites have caused new laws and penalties to be passed due to cellphone-related injuries and deaths. In my opinion, drivers cell phone usage should be limited while driving with the usage of features such as hands-free options which should be mandatory.

According to the National Safety Council, 2019 Texting-While-Driving Report; the average cellphone related deaths is roughly 1,600,000 accidents per year. The top two most common distractions of automobile drivers are: talking on a cell phone and sending text messages.

Nationally the state of Georgia ranks number four by Expert Market research (www. expertmarket. com) with an average of 132.7 Fatal Crashes Caused by Cell Phones.

However, the number of accidents caused by cell phone use while driving is severely under- reported by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) (www. nhtsa. gov/distracted-driving). The issues of cellphone related problems with Fatal Crashes Caused by Cell Phones continue to grow when you consider the victims who have either died or experienced severe injuries by vehicle operators who have struck bystanders due to a simple message or post.

Even though the statistics cause concern advocates for public safety feel that cell phone use while driving can be lifesaving for onsite emergencies, roadside assistance, and even responding to Amber Alerts. Both sides have valid arguments that have increased major phone carriers and company's like Apple Inc. have creating phone features such as voice activated Hands-free Calling, Do Not Disturb, and Disable While Driving to help minimize the possibility of anything cell-phone related occurring,

In conclusion, I feel that in the future cell phones and automobiles including cargo trucks alone will have driver algorithm and functions that will help decrease problems with cell phone- related driver issues. I do not feel that it is necessary to completely eliminate operating a cell phone while driving in case of a emergency especially health related or to even report kidnapping & human-trafficking which is a huge problem for the state of Georgia and nationally. Drivers need to be more mindful and obey the laws or be penalized by the new laws meant to protect people.   