Schools sometimes offer distant learning to students. Distant learning will allow students to attend classes at home by doing online school. Distant learning can benefit the students, because there will be no distractions. Students may feel ore comfortable being at home, and distant learning can also help students live up to their full potential. Having no distractions can benefit the students and help them focus.

To begin, distant learning can benefit the students because there will be no distractions. A classroom can be very distracting. There are a lot of noises going on such as talking, laughing, coughing, sneezing, and banging. All of those noises can draw attention away from the things the students need to be focused on. Another reason are fire drills. Students could be in the middle of a quiz or a test and the fire alarm could go off. The alarm will cause a disruption and disturb the class. Which will cause the students to be distracted and unfocused. Also, students may feel more comfortable being at home than in a classroom with a bunch of people.

Secondly, distant learning can benefit the students, because the students may feel more comfortable at home. Classrooms, and school in general, are filled with a lot of people. Being around so many people could cause anxiety. Some students may feel uncomfortable because there are so many people around them. Having so many people around someone with anxiety could make them feel nervous. When people are nervous their mind is either blank or their mind is just all over the place. Also, distant learning can help students live up to their potential.

Third of all, distant learning can benefit the students, because it will help them live up to their potential. Some students may understand a topic and some of the other students may not, but those students that do not understand the lesson might either be too shy or too scared to say anything. Those same students too shy or scared might not say anything or ask a question in fear that the students that do get the lesson might make fun of them. Other students probably do not even care about their work they just want to be the class clown. With online school their will be no class to entertain and that will cause them to focus on their work. Also, sometimes being in a classroom with other people can help students.

On the other hand, being in a classroom can help benefit the students as well. When students are in a classroom they are able to bounce ideas off of each other and some students and even teachers can inspire other students to do better and set higher goals for themselves. Being in a classroom can also help people with their communication skills and can also help students crawl out of their shell. Also, doing online school could cause students to miss out on all of the fun school experience. However, distant learning has more benefits for students.

In conclusion, some schools offer distant learning. They do this because they think it is beneficial for the students. Distant learning will allow students to attend classes at home by doing online school. Distant learning can be beneficial for students, because there will be no distractions, students may feel more comfortable at home, and students may also live up to their full potential.           