Dear Principal ,

As a student myself, i believe that Policy 2 (which doesn't allow students to have their cell phones at school at all) would be a better idea for you. Having cell phones at school increases crime rate, and bullying. There is a place for everything, and school is not the place to be texting or on the phone.

Did you know that the crime rate at the average high school is incredible high? When I went to go talk to the principle at my local high school, what she told me was astonishing.

"Everyday, students come in complaining about stolen objects, or broken lockers. Unfortunately, most of the objects reported stolen never make there way back to their rightful owner."

When I went to talk to some of the kids who have had things stolen from them there in the past, 4/5 th's of them said that it was either their cell phone (or an electric device) stolen from them. If there were no cell phones allowed at school, then there would be nothing 'worth stealing'.

Kids aren't getting beat up for their lunch money anymore, bully's theses days are now after the iPhone, the Blackberrys, and the Droids. Bully's are known for targeting people weaker then them, and in our generation, technology is equal to power.

When kids who don't have all of the same opportunity's as others are put in an environment were money gives you an edge, conflict between the 'rich' and the 'poor' are instantly created.

If you didn't allow kids to bring their cell phones to school anymore, then bullying would go down, and your school would be more of a safe environment. It's the same principle as uniforms. Once you have taken away all the differences on the outside, the differences on the inside, the one that makes a child special, shines through.

Finally, there is a place for everything. School is designed to teach students about the future, and the responsibilities that come with growing up. In an average work environment, when your sitting around on the phone, texting, your work is not getting completed. A work place (in a students case, school) is not the place to be messing around, but instead the place to get work done.

In conclusion, I would like to say that I do not believe that when kids have a cell phone at school, they do not perform at their top quality. Again, thank you and have a wonderful day!

-STUDENT_NAME      