Driveless car, we have talked about driveless car for years and now that there here people are spectical. Driveless car they car cool that are a good form of public transportataion. Why you may ask brcause drunken drivers now dont have to spend money on a cab so instead they just drive drunk and some times kill people in carwrecks with the new technology this will be no problem you might say but on the oher hand these car are going to be expensive for the adverage human to buy.

Some other issues are the computers so people are scared that he computer in the car will be abel to get hacked or it will shut off when your driving and you could wreck there is many ways that he computer could mess up so that is also a dangerous part of having a car that drives its self. There are some other great featurs that the car will have such as the traffic jam feature that will have heads up displays around he car telling you when your going to have to take over the car and drive it your self . The car also watches you and he road so that the car always knows if your ready to take the wheel or not.

Although it is illegal to drive a computer opperated cars or even test them states like California, Nevada, Flordia and the District of Columbia are leading the United states in est self driving car manufactures such as Bmw, Tesla and gm have tested self driving car, also Google is testing self driving car. Also in 2016 Tesla released a driving car that can drive on auopilot 90% of the time.

This is a huge step in making the roads safer it could help with drunken driviers it can make where there is less wrecks it is a all around better way to drive on the road. There is the other side of things people who arwe afriad of the computer controlling where they wreck or not and there is also people who just enjo to drive and go on thoese sunday crusies and be incontroll of there car not having the car drive them but them drive the car. Im more on there side of that is makes the roads safer so we should mass build them and make them at a cheap price where every one can get one.   