When people ask for advice, they sometimes seek for more than one person because some people might have a better idea than others; usually the one's who are educated, or the people who have been through a lot. Most people seek for mostly older one's for advice because they might have more experience than most of the young ones; and this can have you someone much older than you, and that has been through your age give you advice. Seeking multiple opinions also gives you more ideas, so that you can evaluate all of them and see which ones have more meaning in them.

One day this boy named Generic_Name, was in his house playing video games in his bedroom. His mom came upstairs, and said, "Get of the games and go help your brother with his homework!" Generic_Name responded "Fine mom." Generic_Name walked downstairs and sat next to his brother on the couch where he was doing his homework. His brother asked Generic_Name "what should I do when my teacher chooses me for the spelling bee that is coming up in one week." Generic_Name responded "you should'nt because you are not good at spelling." Generic_Name's brother went downstairs and asked his mom. "Mom, what do I do when my teacher chooses me for the spelling bee thats coming up in one week." The mom replied, "you should accept if you are confident in your ability to spell, and dont do it if you are not comfortable with spelling." This is a story that I made, to show you that asking multiple people can get you somewhere in life, and it can lead you towards the right path. That is what Generic_Name's brother did, he asked Generic_Name for advice, and Generic_Name's advice was kinda sketchy, so he went and asked him mom for advice and that advice really motivated him.

This is a story that I made to show you the reasons we ask more than one person for advice. Generic_Name's brother asked Generic_Name for advice, and Generic_Name told him that he is not capable of succeeding in spelling, but when he asked his mom, the mom gave him way better advice than Generic_Name did because the mom is more educated, or has been through a lot. we have to get the advice from the educated, so that we can educate ourselves on the advice that we got. We also have to ask the people that have been through a lot because they can tell us their mistakes, and we can learn not to do those mistakes.

The reason we want ask older people for advice is, so that we can get the opinions from people that already went through our age, for example our parents are older than us, and they have already went through our age; they can also give pretty good advice. We also ask older people for advice so that we can get advice from the wise, which means that they have more experience than us, and they can give advice to us that we can never come up in our minds. Older people can sometimes give you bad advice, so you have to ask older people who are actually educated, or have been through a lot in their lives.

We ask many people for advice, so that we can take all the advice that was thrown at us, and we can go evaluate them. We also ask many people for advice, so that we can get different ideas of what people think, for example your trying out some clothing, and you ask your sister first, she said the it looks kind of too dark, but then you ask your brother, he gives you way better advice. The reason your brother gave you way better advice is because he is a male, and he knows if male clothing looks good or not on his brother, so you have to know who to ask first. We also ask multiple people for advice because you never know who can give you some crazy opinion that you have never thought before, and that just created you to an opening to something that might benefit you.

The day that Generic_Name told his brother that he could not succeed in life was the day he realized that he gave his brother really bad advice, and he did not motivate him to keep practicing his spelling, he told him that he would fail if he did the spelling bee. He went outside for fresh air, so that it could distract him from the terrible thing he did to his brother. When he looked at the sky, he saw no clouds, when he looked back down he saw someone charging at him with a terrified face, it was a girl. The girl said, "There are bad people bullying my brother, what should i do?"

Generic_Name was thinking about telling her to bug of and to tell her to leave him alone, but he thought about what he did to his brother, and told himself that he cannot do the same mistake twice. Generic_Name said "go tell a guardian, or your parents to help you out, or just get your bother and run away, and leave them alone. And so the girl took his brother and ran away; on that day he was proud of himself that he gave someone good advice, and since then he gave good advice all the time to other people.