What is the Electoral College? The Electoral College is a process ,not a place. The founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between elections  of the President  by a vote in congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. In the United States people select a president every three years. They would either select their president  by Electoral College, or by the most popular vote.

Voting by Electoral College is not safe at all,they should change it to election by popular vote for the President of the United States. When you vote by elecoral vote it is never guaranteed that they are going to vote for who you wanted to  vote for. They might even change their mind at the last second ,so you never know what they are about to do. Some rich people can pay them to buy off their votes. Then ,boom you lost a vote  it might result to a tie or lost. According to paragraph 11 "In the same vein,''faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast and deciding vote for whomeverthey please...". You never what  could happen ,it is like taking a very riskfull risk and every votes matter .Just one vote can make a very big difference. Further more,voting by popular vote would give you a better chance of getting your candidate to win .When you are the one that elects the President you feel more confident and good .You'll know that you voted for the one you wanted to win and the one that you think that will change everything the way you wanted to. Also ,you don't have worry about anything else ,like people going in the voting box and taking the votes  out. Once you vote ,your vote is immediately safe.

In the other hand,voting by Electoral College  benefited us .Obama which is the current president of the United States wouldn't probably be president if it wasn't for them. Accordind to the last article "In [2012's ] election ,for example ,Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney....'' That means their votes helped Obama win. Also' the Electoral College avoids problem of elections in which no candidates recieves a majority of the votes cast. Winners take all methods in awarding electoral votes for what they've done.

To summarise my reasonnings  Electoral College votes should be change to election by  popular vote  for the president of the United States. Peoples should be allowed to vote on their own. Everybody would be much happier .Without happy people the country would be upside down. Put this question in your  mind,what would you do if you were running for president  ,and they told you Electoral College would be voting?    