Dear Principle,

If I was to choose between the two of your policies I would have to choose policy number two. I chose this policy for many reasons, they very from weather to a ride home from school to finding friends.

One example of why students should be allowed to use cell phones during free time and lunch periods is what if the weather gets bad and the school decides to dismiss early, but your parents don't get the automated phone call or a text or a email from the school. If this happens at least the student could call his/her mom or dad or relative to either tell them that they will be home early or that they need to picked up earlier.

Another example is that is a sporting event or after school activity is cancelled they could call or text there parents to tell them that they need a ride home at the regular dismissal time. Another example is if you forgot your stuff for a sport or after school activity you could call or text your parents to bring it to the school office as soon as they can. This is also true if you left your book bag or your homework at your house they could bring it in for you.

One more example is that if they need to talk to a friend and they cant find them they can arrange to meet at a certain room or certain place. Also if a person was tutoring your and you cant find them to talk face to face, you could text them to inform them that you cant make it tonight or that you will be a little late.

Another example is if your mom or dad or whoever would be picking you up cant make it, they could call you or text you to let you know that you either have to find a ride home or walk home. This would help a lot of parents end the confusion of having to call the school just to tell you that you have to walk home from school.

These are some examples of why I think that students should be aloud to have cell phones during free time or at lunch. I know there are a lot of down sides to having cell phones in school like cheating or distraction, but I hope that you will trust us, your students, enough to let us have our cell phones.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME