Venus and Earth are both very similar is the same way but also very different, in there own ways they are unique but venus is the real mystery. Venus's temperature is about 800 degrees and the distance from the sun in much closer than Earth but its also the only planet that scientist think that could substain life. So we are going to talk about what Venus is like and how Venus compres to Earth and what we have and will try an do to study and explore Venus.

So Earth and Venus are called the "twin planets" but there not that similar because one can substain life and one cant for right now. Venus is rotating around the sun alot faster then Earth and so that is why a year on Venus would be short compared to one on Earth. We have sent many spacecraft/spaceships to venus and successfully made it but its been more than 30 years since that has happen. So the reason for that is Venus has a 97% carbon dioxide "blanket" thats covering the atmosphere and thats why its so much hotter then Earth and is unfit for a human. Specially because of all the nature causes this heat brings like volcanoes and powerful earthquakes along with alot of lightning strikes that go all the way to the surface on venus.

The plan that NASA came up with is that, since we cant land on Venus because of the heat and pressure we would try and hover over the blanket of heat which would still be pretty hot. But only 170 degrees compared to 800 on the surface which we would have to be about 30 or more miles above the surface for humans to be able to live. But whats the point to risks lives if all you do is take pictures 30 miles above the surface, you can do that with a robot and not have to risk lives but humans want the challenge. But NASA isnt giving up they are trying to create different idea like making "eletronics made of silicon carbide"(paragraph 7)

and those have been tested in a simulation chamber and has but tested and proven to work. Which supposed what I claim adn want NASA to send a team or a test dummy to see if it will resist the temperatures of Venus.

All in all I feel that the author does support the idea of studying venus and hthat it is worthy of the danger that it might present. And also I do as well think it is worth the trip even with the dangers. But everything I believe should be tested in the chamber as least twice before they go on the actual mission. 