Dear Senator,

Keeping the electoral college would be a disater just waiting to happen. It is old, out-dated and irrational. Are we really going to keep using the same, old method that our founding fathers used hundreds of years ago? The method itself is unfair to many American voters. It is also unjust to the canidates who won the popularity vote, but not the electoral vote.

The canidates running for presidency usually focus on the bigger states with more electoral votes or "swing" states. This makes the voters in smaller states such as Rhode Island and South Carolina feel like their opinions and voices do not matter, that the president will not care for their interests. Having the electoral college gone, means that the winner-take-all system will also be gone, and will insure voters that the canidates will spend more time in their states trying to win their votes as an individual and not as a whole.

In the 2000 U.S. presidential race, Al Gone recieved more individual votes than George W. Bush, but lost the presidency, because he did not recieve the majority of the electoral votes. This is unfair to the canidate, knowing that you won majority of the populations votes, but lost the presidency. In an article called " The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong" Mother Jones stated that after the 2000 presidential race, a poll was taken, over sixty percent of voters would prefer a more direct election than the one we have now.

In another article "In Defense of the Electoral College:Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President", they argue as to why we should keep the electoral college. The author of the article, Richard A. Posner, said that there is a certainity of outcome, that the winning canidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. That being said, it shows that the voters' vote do not really matter, because it all comes down to the electoral votes.

Despite the numerous amount of people who disagree with the Electoral College and all the agruements against it, we still keep it. Why? What is so bad about getting rid of the Electoral College? It gives a sense to the voters, that they matter and what they say can determine the fate of who is president.                    