Have you ever wondered why seeking multiple opinions can help you make better choices? Seeking multiple opinions can aid someone into making a better decision. Having a repeating answer of advice and having safe answers can help.

When asking multiple people for advice, you might see a pattern of people saying similar things. Personally when I have a problem and need advice I would ask a friend or multiple friends for advice. Asking for your friends opinions and seeing what the majority of your friends say can aid in your decision making. Usually when you get the same advice repeated to you a number of times you will believe that the advice is what's best for you. If you keep getting told the same advice over and over again you should take it like I said. In real life situations getting a majority vote is how some people make hard decisions. Anyone could do the same, when your asking for advice and you are indecisive try to see how many people said the same thing and narrow it down to what you think would be the best for you. Getting advice repeated to you is the best way to tell if it's what you needed to hear.

When you are getting advice always try to see if the advice is going to persuading you into danger. If you think you might be doing something wrong or you might be in danger and you ask a friend or multiple friends and they say its fine, they might be a bad influence on you. Always ask a trusted adult or multiple adults for advice when you might be in danger to make a better and smarter decision, and also to not risk your safety. If you get the wrong or bad advice you might put yourself in danger if you take that advice. Always try to think what's best for you, and to not put yourself in any type of danger because of what someone advised you to say or do. When getting advice its best to see your safety as the top priority.

Seeking multiple opinions can aid someone into making a better and smarter decision. When you get advice repeated to you multiple times might be what's best for you. When seeking advice have your safety your number one priority. Getting multiple opinions does help you a lot when make a better decision. 