Cellphones & Driving

You're driving down the street and your phone is blowing up. It's your son Ron he's got that bad thing again with his stomach. You text Ron back and let him know you're driving ...or have a whole conversation with him trying to be a good parent and direct him to the medicine bag, again. Next thing you know flashing lights are behind you looking to give you ticket that ranges from 250$ to 2,750$ and if he doesn't he can be fined 11,000 dollars. Is it right to have cellular devices out while driving? Was this situation an acceptance? In this essay I will inform you on whether I believe having your devices out is wrong or right and have supporting facts and details.

What are possible reasons when driving with a cellphone? There are at least 3 if you're a service driver and you need (directions). Two is in case of last minute call (urgent phone-call). Three, if your receiving an important phone call.

These still aren't acceptable to the law tho. In the state of Georgia having a phone in your hands leads you straight to a ticket. I say these three things because I agree but because it's known that everybody does this out of Bad habit, it's going to happen. An average of 62.9 percent of the world owned a cellphone in the year 2016. Cellphones and he internet is a fast growing thing these days, some people can't keep away from them, but that doesn't mean it's okay to use them while driving there's a time and a place for that. I don't agree with those that use their cellphones incorrectly while driving. Technology is growing and the world has to learn how to adapt to it in safer matters, not texting and driving or taking selfies behind the wheel. There really aren't any real good excuses for being on it all the time while driving, there's built in GPS, and Bluetooth so for those reasons I said are acceptable aren't. Maybe the if it's in your hand ticket things a little too far but safety first.

Cellphones and driving is risky and has a bad effect to the world. 1 out of 4 car accidents are caused by texting and driving in the united states. An estimated amount of 1.6million car crashes happen a year from it. Almost 390,000 injuries a year happen leaving people paralyzed when people text and drive with a high death rate. The fines and jail time aren't nice especially in bad cases. Those aren't acceptable numbers or is it worth the risk, don't expect your insurance to save you either. Please don't text and drive, be safe, and beware because your putting yourself and those around you at risk.

Work cited

? Georgia Law | Georgia. gov

? Georgia hands-free law bans holding phone while driving - USA Today

? Hands-Free Law and Others Taking Effect July 1 | Georgia. gov

? Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving

? https://www. cdc. gov/motorvehiclesafety/distracted_driving/index. html

? https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/.../cell-phone-statistics. html               