Seeking multiple opinions can help some body make a better choice in many ways. That final opinion that someone gave to you, could help you make the best choice possible. Listening to other peoples opinions who have more knowledge than you on the subject, could help you make the right choice. Taking in ideas from people who think in the same standard as you, could also be a big factor in making the right choice. any of these work when it comes to making the best choice that is reachable.

Getting that final opinion from someone on the best choice to make, can really influence your final decision on the topic. One person could be telling you one thing, and the other person could be telling you another thing, Someones final opinion could help end the debate and help you pick a choice. An example of someones final opinion helping a person make a good choice, is when young teens are faced with pier pressure from other people, someones final opinion or word of mouth could help that young teen out a lot. A final opinion will always be the most important thing when trying to find the best choice, whether it's an debate or a simple decision, the final opinion will be the most important. Final opinions are so important in debates and disagreements because they are the last thing you hear about the matter there is a disagreement on.

Listening to people who have more knowledge than you on the subject can also be very important. They know more about the subject at hand than you do, so why not just listen. They can show you something that you don't know about yet based off of their knowledge alone. If they give you advice or tips in a debate, use them. The advice that they give you will help you out because there level of knowledge is higher than yours.

I feel like the best way to get the best choice that you can get, is by taking to people who think in the same standard as you. if you don't know what type of choice to select when doing something hard, getting ideas from them could help you out big time. If the people around have a similar mental states, your gonna find strong ideas and better choices to select, because if you and that person have a bad situation your gonna realize that something ain't right and your gonna try to go through together or fix the situation. Not all ideas are bad ideas, somebody could probably say the dumbest thing you ever heard in your life, but turns out that bad idea became a very successful business, that why it's important to listen to other peoples ideas you never know if it's good or not. The last thing is building bonds with the choices you make, being around a crowd of people who think the same, will grow a very strong bond and they will be able to make choices to together rather than being alone and making choices.

With my thought process i love to hear others opinions and ideas, it doesn't matter who it is really, i just think that it's important to hear what others have to say. When i make my choices i get as much though into it as i can and hearing others opinions, really influence the choices that i make. so whether it's letting someone tell there last opinion on a subject to help influence the choice more. If i have to listen to people who have more knowledge than me i will pay strict attention on what they re trying to tell me and i will learn from what they are telling me. Another thing that will help me with my choices is the ideas that i get from the people that think the same as me or people who have similar ways as me. Whether it's any of these things, hearing others opinions are very important when making a choice.                 