In today's generation there has been a higher percentage of people working thanks to the invention of computers and new technology; causing people being able to work from home. This idea could be implemented to students in school. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because, students will be able to learn how to manage time, will cause less stress, and transportation would not be problem

Throughout a kids life they are constantly told when to and when to not do certain things in school. An average student has been taught by a teacher since kindergarten when to do their work and when is the best time to do it; therefore they find it harder to do things on their own. For example, Generic_Name is a senior in Generic_School that is currently taking online virtual classes. He struggled outside of high school to do tasks and daily chores because he did not know how or when is the best time to do them. Generic_Name said, the first thing he learned in 1st Quarter was time management. He learned himself that, even though there is a lot of free time compared to taking classes in school, you have to learn how to use it and manage it correctly to get your work done. He learned these skills by taking online classes. Generic_Name recommends to take online classes, because it will most likely benefit someone who is trying to learn how to manage their time the right way.

An average student in high school is assigned to do many tasks, whether it is working on assignments, going to practice after school, waking up early, or etc. That amount of work leads to stress that isn't healthy for a growing teenager, For instance, Generic_Name was on the football team in Generic_School in his sophomore year. He feels that his sophomore year had caused a lot of stress due to him, having practice after 7 hours of school, not getting enough sleep at times, since he had to stay up at night to get his homework done, and many other things. Generic_Name is now a junior this year taking online classes. He notices that the amount of stress he has this year is nothing compared to last year, it is like comparing the size of an ant to the size of a tiger. Online classes gave him more freedom when to do assignments. Now he has the ability to create his own schedule.

Lastly, Another reason why students would benefit from being able to work from home would be, not needing transportation. Transportation effects every students day it could be, waiting for the bus in the morning, not having a ride, or even worrying about having enough money to pay for gasoline every day. This is a problem that would be completely and easily solved by being able to attend classes from home. A perfect example of this successfully working on a student is a student named Generic_Name, Generic_Name is not the most privileged student in his school. He had a schedule of having to attend his classes in the afternoon instead of attending in the morning. His schedule suited him well, he had a working car that made him able to drive to school on his designated time. Everything was fine until, unfortunately, Generic_Name got in a car accident that totaled his car. Due to him not having a job and his parents not having enough money to purchase a new one, Generic_Name was stuck without a ride to school. He had to come up with a way to arrive to school on time. He had friends pick him up, but he thought to himself that is not going to last very long. Generic_Name spoke to his counselor about being able to switch to online classes. When his counselor asked why, he explained his whole situation. His counselor understood and did her best to switch him to online classes. Two days later, Generic_Name was given his online syllabus. Generic_Name was delighted of not having to worry about how to get to school thanks to being able to take online courses.

To wrap it up, while some may argue that students being able to attend classes from home, will cause laziness, a weaker work ethic, and etc. These reasons will not justify the amount of people that benefit from being able to take online classes. Students are already given a copious amount of stress, why should they be limited to stay in the school with them being constantly being told what to do? Students would benefit in a tremendous way by being able to complete classes at home because, students will be able to learn how to manage time, it will lessen the amount of stress, and transportation would not be a problem the student would have to worry about. Overall, the idea of giving these young students the ability of working from home, should be a no brainer.  