Some schools give students the choice to take classes online. When students are at home they can be easily distracted, which could harm their grade. Some students might even take advantage just so they can stay home and not go to school. If students are at home doing work it is very unlikely that they would ask questions, that would cause them to not understand what they are learning. School isn't just for teens to learn, it also allows teens to grow as individuals. Some people might say that online classes are beneficial to students, but actual classes are more beneficial, because it allows students to be in a better learning environment.

Teens have many different benefits when going to school, rather than online classes. School makes students build friendships and relationships with many different people. When teens are at home there isn't many people they can communicate with, which could affect teens social skills. Students taking their classes at home might be lonely and cause them to be depressed. School gives students the opportunity to grow their portrait of a gratitude. This meas that students can grow many aspects about them selves and become a better person overall. In classes it is better to learn in person because it gives students the ability to ask questions to their teacher face to face. Students have said that a class like math would be impossible to learn at home, because the teachers help students one question at a time.

Online classes in some cases has it's benefits to students. If a person has social anxiety and rather learn from home they would be able to, however, if they continue to go to school it could allow them to overcome it. Some students that are smart enough might want to graduate early and online classes would help them accomplish that, because they could do multiple classes in school and at home, but that could just be too much work, which could overflow their head. Even if students just want to earn their advanced diploma and they are a little behind they could take those classes at home. For students that cannot bare to be at school and constantly skip, classes at home can still allow them to graduate, but if students are skipping school it's not likely that they would do their work at home either. So overall classes at school would be better for most students, except the students that what extra credit.

The argument that classes at home is more beneficial is incorrect, because the learning environment at school is better than a bedroom. Students will most likely fail if most of their classes are at home. Some people need to interact with others and school is the best place for that. Learning is the most important part about school, students understand the material better in person. Online classes is harder to learn the units and could cause those students to be behind. The more teens communicate with their teacher the more they learn. Students at home are not going to be reaching out to their teachers as often. Online classes does have it benefits, but going to school is just better to learn and grow.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             