If you needed somebody's advice and you ask multiple people how do you think that would give you a better choice? Some people like to ask one person for advice but its good to ask multiple. One of my friends got in trouble and he aid you are the only one I asked for help and I said ask more people so you can get more opinions. And everyday sence then i been asking multiple for there opinions. I think that multiple opinions is good because, it makes us think about it, the people that we asked could tell the out come, it helps us do the right thing.

The way I think that getting multiple opinions helps us think is. When you go home you spend time on trying to fix it and you think about all the advice you get. And when you think about all the advice it make you want to do some of it. What I do when I know i'm going to get in trouble I ask people what I should do and when they tell me i do the right thing. Thinking about what the people said helps me get all the stress of my mind so I can say what happen and don't get in trouble.

When I ask the people for advice I also ask what was the out come and they tell me. Asking for the out come can help to because it lets you know that they did the right thing so I can too. Knowing the right or wrong thing to do is good but I feel like asking for the out come is better. Would you rather know the out come or know that its right. Its a lot of advice you can ask for and getting the out come is going to make the advice better.

When getting advice it help us do the right thing. Like one time I asked for advice it was good and it help me do the right thing. My friend once told me some good advice and I used it and it help me do the right thing. Doing the right thing help doing good in life and if ypu don't do the right thing you would proubly have a ok life. All of the advice

I get I use it so I can have the best life ever.

I think that multiple opinions is good because, it makes us think about it, the people that we asked could tell the out come, it helps us do the right thing. Thinking about what the people told you give me a lot of self control. When I ask for advice I ask for the out come so I know if its the right thing to do or the bad. I think that asking for advice is the best thing to do it helps us do the right thing. How do you think getting advice from multiple people help us make a better choice.