A lot of students could benefit from such a program, be it if they are sick, antisocial, or just not the type for regular school. It would offer these students a new way to learn that may or may not be the way that they would prefer. Even if they just live far away from the school that they wish to go to, like college, it would be extremely beneficial to not have to travel long distances to get to school, or have to buy a dorm room for an amount of time. I do feel like it would be hard on the teachers though having to deal with the class, and setting up the things that the online students need as well.

If they were to offer this in high school, you bet there would be a lot of people doing this, I personally know a lot of people that would rather be home schooled or do their schoolwork from home instead of coming in everyday, changes classes, and dealing with all sorts of different dynamics, rather than just simply working from a computer at home. Let's say a student gets sick and misses two weeks of school, if this program was implemented today, students like these would have less to no make up work to complete when they return, thus keeping them from getting too far behind and risk failing a class. That would also mean average grades would likely go up, do to people missing school not getting behind.

For students who would like to attend college this would be an extraordinary boon if they lived far away or dont have the money for a dorm space, imagine living in Washington State and wanting to go to Louisiana State University, it would be very difficult to travel with all of your things down there and move into a rinky dink little dorm space, just to get the education that you want. Now if you were planning on doing this and you were offered online courses for the same instruction, and not having to move halfway across the country, I think you would take in a heartbeat. It would also likely be more cost efficient than moving, buying a dorm, paying for gas, and driving to school everyday.

Now as for my personal opinion on the matter, I feel as if it is both a great idea and a terrible one, it's great because if a student wants to be at home to be away from people, or for any other reason to work on their education, then well on them, but you have to realize school is one of the few places when people are young get to really get out and socialize with other young people instead of being cooped up in a house all day with nothing to do. Imagine being at home and doing the work you do for school in the earlier parts of the day then going to work until about dark, then coming back home just to eat sleep and do it all again tomorrow, sounds pretty bleak right? So as my final regards, it would be wonderful for education purposes, but not for social gain in any way, shape, or form.