Dear Senator PROPER_NAME,

The purpose of this letter is to fight for the cause of removing the Electoral College and voting simply by popular vote. With eveidence from "What is the Electoral College?'' by the Office of the Federal Register, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer, and "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President," by Richard A. Ponser, I will eleborate on this subject. Now, since I am only fourteen, I do not claim to have all knowledge and be an expert on this method of voting, but it is not the way to choose our country's leader.

The Electoral College is a compromise between who the people of America chose and who Congress has chosen. This is an incorrect method of selecting the President. The Constitution states that we the people have the choice to select our government; not Congress. Yes, the Constitution's founding fathers also established the Electoral College, but it is a thing of the past. As Richard A. Ponser writes, an "anchorism" (In Defense of the Electoral College, par. 1), if you will. Moreover, the Electoral College does not belong in this day and age; it is something that is out-dated and in need of replacement.

The Electoral College also does not allow citizens to exersize their right to vote for their President, since Congress also has their say in the matter. The voting process was created for the citizens; not the people who are in the government. In fact, Bradford Plumer states that "over 60% of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." (The Indefensible Electoral College, par. 1) This process of voting for President is undesired and despised my many people, by over

half

of the voters in America. The Office of the Federal Register writes that the Electoral College is "a compromise between election of the President by a vote in congress and election of the President by popular vote of qualified citizens." Why does Congress have any sort of influence or say in this matter? The

people

choose their government; not the governemt itself!

Alright, the Electoral College is something that should not be used, by I can see the point of its purpose. The popular vote of the citizens can be infulenced by others, or advertisements and propoganda from political parties. Some voters are biased and overlook the negative things of the candidates because they do not wish to believe that this person does not support or believe everything they do. The Electoral College helps to balance that out. "No region... has enough electoral votes to elect a president." (In Defense of the Electoral College, par.  5) Richard A. Ponser asserts this in his article, as well as the fact that no region or place has any reason to go about "increasing his plurality" (par. 5) to make sure that a candidate will win. The Electoral College prevents this, resulting in a compromise between the popular vote of the citizens and Congress.

To come to a conclusion, I have stated that the Electoral College is not a method that should be used to choose the President of the United States. It is out-dated and does not allow citizens to choose the leader of their country. However, is balances out the popular vote and the Congress's vote.

Thank you for taking the time to read this letter.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME   