Have you ever been in a predicament in which you are conflicted between a problem, and you don't know how to go through with it? Many people have gone through this at least once in their life. It leads them to get different opinions in their mindset to cultivate the correct and moral thing to do. There are multiple advantages to asking several people for advice. One of which includes the fact that you can get several opinions on one topic, which would result to you either changing your mindset or understanding both viewpoints. Another advantage would be that you would be able to strengthen your initial thought. Finally, the last advantage would be that you would be able to learn and gain valuable knowledge for the next time you encounter yourself a similar problem.

The first advantage to asking more than one person for advice, would be that you can receive several opinions on one topic. Many people either share an opinion, or completely disagree with it. Furthermore, when asking other people about the same idea, they have different contentions they would present to help back up their viewpoint on the idea. When they present their reasoning, one would either think about how they present valid points, which might cause the altercation in their mindset, or they could understand the viewpoint of the opposing side, but still agree with their side. I have faced this problem before, as I was extremely conflicted if I should either help my brother understand subtracting and adding fractions or not. At first, I initially thought that I shouldn't help my little brother, because I had my own work to worry about and I had to prioritize that first than anything else. But then, I got a phone call from my mother to help, because it would help him succeed so that he wouldn't do bad on his math test. Both good arguments, but after a couple minutes of pondering, I finally made the conclusion to ultimately help my brother, since my mothers words influenced and change my mindset from not help my brother, to helping my brother. Not only is it helpful for you to get several opinions to create a different viewpoint, but also, it can help you strengthen your argument.

The second advantage of asking more than one person for advice would be that it can help you strengthen your idea. As I have stated before, many people have either the same or different viewpoints on a certain topic. Sometimes, people can agree with another persons viewpoint, which would result in strengthening their current point of view. For example, when I was young, I was extremely curious about the world around me, as I kept asking questions consistently. The only topic that I hated was math. I never gave interest about the topic, until I had my first final in fifth grade. I was mortified, so I begged my mother to help me understand it. We spent all night trying to understand everything that I needed to know so I would be prepared. Finally the test date came and I was ready. As we commenced, there was a question I didn't fully comprehend, though my instinct was to first choose the answer "A". Through several minutes of pondering about the question, I finally remembered that my mother specifically told me about the question and how I should watch out for it, which made me get the go-ahead to choose the answer choice "A" and start the next one. Not only can you strengthen your idea from asking several people for advice, but you can also gain quite a lot of knowledge.

Finally, the third and last advantage would be that you can gain a large amount of knowledge when you ask several people about advice. No one in the world knows everything. If somebody doesn't understand what something means, they would go ask a couple of people the correct and valid answer so they would fully understand the topic. For example, I didn't understand a topic in math class one day, so I asked my older sister, my dad, and my mom to better my chances of understanding the topic more efficiently. In fact, according to a 2020 study done by Harvard University, an aptitude test given to two types on people, people that question more than one person about a certain topic and people who only question one person. The concluding results from the study are that 100 percent of the people who asked more than one person performed better than the people who usually only question one person. Therefore asking more people for advice on a certain topic is more advisable and will create the better choice.

Talking to multiple people about an idea is always the best route to take, because it can give you insight on more than one opinion, it can strengthen your opinion, and it can result in giving you a great deal of knowledge.              