Every body has there opinion may be bad it may be good but, we always ask for it and it always great asking people for advice.

one reason why, its always good asking more than one person for advice is, because everybody has a different points of view. I was walking into school and i saw a big poster which read girls who want to do volleyball take a form. i walked over and took a form but i was not really sure if i wanted to do volleyball or not. The bell rings i rush to my class and ask a couple of friends if i should try out or not. first my friend Generic_Name told me ''no what if you get hurt.'' She told me them my other friend Generic_Name told me ''not to listen to Generic_Name volleyball is super fun and you get to meet new people.'' i had to different views and two different answers so i listened to Generic_Name because volleyball did seem fun and i get to make friends in the process.

Anther good example is you want to feel comfortable that people agree with you. Most of love to go shopping and trying things on. One day i was with my friends in a clothing store and i would try my clothes on and ask for there opinion they would tell i looked good and just made me feel so much better about my opinion in general knowing that other people agree with me, It also made me feel good

My final example on why asking for advice from more than one person is because it might seem like a bad opinion at the time it might be the one you actually agree with in the end. It Tuesday and i'm talking to my friend Generic_Name she asks if she should tell her crush if she likes him and i told her in my opinion no because hes really rude and mean but then i told her it your choice she hangs up right after that. Next day is school i pass her in the halls she talking to a group of people asking the Generic_Namee question i heard all them say yes. i felt kinda bad for saying no but its her choice and soon people tell me she going to tell him. bell rings i walked home i hear Generic_Name shouting What up so i turned around and asked what she tells me she not going to because she realized how mean he was she told me she was sorry and that i was right mad how she should have not gotten so mad over my opinion.

Those are just some of my example on how asking more than one person for advice is always good choice.