"Abolish the electoral college!" is a famous statement that was made by Bob Dole on whether or not it would be a good idea to keep the electoral college. Though others may disagree and say that our founding fathers established the Electoral College. Also that it was established with the mindset of helping the American people, but i would like to think otherwise. I believe that the we should change the system by which we vote the president of the United States into election by popular vote. For many years we have been using the concept of the Electoral College and for many years, it has lead to unfair calls and the placing of bad leadership in our country.  In the article titled, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong", the author defines what the electoral collage system really is, the author states, " Under the electoral collage system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." This system is an unfair system, and can not be trusted. It  time for change.

The electoral collage is a dishonesty to voters, it is an unfair system. In "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong", the author makes a good claim. He or she talks about the winner takes all system that is affiliated with the electoral college. In the 13th paragraph the author specifically says, " Because of the winner-take-all system in each tate, candidates don't spend time in states they know have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races "swing" state." That shows how unfair it is to us as the American people. Certain states may not get a chance to see who their choices are. They are forced to make a decision based on the little we know and the majority of the knowledge comes form the media which is a very unreliable source. " During the2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all."  That shows how little our voices are heard in a desion that is crutial for how we go about and make decisions in our everyday lives. We the American people have to rely on states such as Ohio for who our president will be.

There is dishonesty every where you go. More so in the electoral college. When the electors are chosen we have no say so. The state legislatures are the ones responsible for picking the electors. In paragraph 11 of "The indefinsible Electoral College", the author makes a remark that everyone should put into regards. It says "That those electors could always defy the will of the people." Just like people can lie about their age, electors san also fib about their position or party in which they are representing. The author also mentions in paragraph 11, : In the same vein, "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever the please."Not everyone can be trusted, and the dishonesty is another reason why we should do away with the electoral college and change to election by popular vote. With the election by popular, we are assured that there is fair play even though some of us may not get our voice heard completely.

People who are for the concept of the electoral college may argue other wise. For instance, in the article called, "In Defense of the Electoral College", the author argues that " The Electoral College despite its lack of democratic pedigree; all are practical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons", meaning its idea of support. I believe the Electoral College is an overrated nor practical.

I am in favor of abolishing the electoral collage amd changing to election of by popular vote. With the system of election of popular vote, you will be sure that the system is fair,honest, and speakes the voices of the American people. As a sentor you should take the best interest of the American people to heart.                                            