America is the country of the people, the people are the ones in the country, and are the ones living in the country. The method of which the leader of this country are selected by the people is by popular vote. Therefore, the best way, the right way of selecting the president and vice president are by popular vote.

Starting of with that the electoral college is unfair. The electors might know more about this country and they think they know what is the best for these United states but they do not. The peoplr know best, the people knows what is actually going on. Just as Bradford Plummer stated in his article"the best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality"(source 14). All these elector are in the politial world, so they know everything politial about the country and the best leader politically. These elector dont know about all the small things that thousands of people are suffering from.

People want to have say in their country. If the method of choosing the president was strictly by popular college the people would feel as if the country is not theirs and if they are being controlled. The people who live in the country need to agree because if not then kaos would start to happen. People would protest and this country would fall apart bit by bit. Richard A. Posner said "to feel that their votes do not count, that the new president will have no regard for their interest, that he really isn't their president"(source 19). If this is how the people feel when the other president running wins instead of the one they selected won, you coiuld just imagine how they would feel if they did not have a part choosing who is going to be the next president of the United States.

The electoral college is just not fair. Richard A. Posner says that on of the reason to retain the electoral college is "its lack of democratic pedigree"(source 17). If this country has been runnung smoothly with popular vote why would someone want to change it? Well manyy times change is good because it is improving becoming better at something although something like this should not change.

So just to restate that eliminating the popular vote would be unfair, unright, and just plain wrong. Just like in the preamble "we the people".    