In the United States we have been votng for president for many decades. But now there are protest against the process of electing a president. Many argue that the electoral college should be abolished and others feel that we should elect by popular vote. I strongly believe that we should change to popular vote because the electors could defy peoples will, they are unfair to voters, and people arent necessarily voting for their president.

To begin with, the electors have the power to defy peoples will. State legistlaters are responsible for picking electors and those electors can defy the will of people. "Electors have occasionally refused to vote for their partys candidate and cast a deciding for whomever they please." said Bradford Plumer .This is not right because the legislatures are picking electors that are using their powers for the worst.

Next,the electoral college is unfair to the voters. " Because of the winner-takes-all system in each state,candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning,focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing' states." said Plumer. For example , during the 2000 campaign only 17 states didnt see the candidatesat all, that includes Rhode Island and South Carolina. Electoral colleges are not being fair to the states and their voters.

Lastly, the election process should be changed to popular vote because voters are necessarily voting for the president. Most people think that when they go to vote for their president that their votes are what decides the final outcome, but thats not true!.Its the electoral college that decides that. Some people dont vote for that reason , because they dont think that their vote will change anything. And in the end it does not seem very fair that are votes count by very little.

In conclusion, the way we elect are president every four years should be changed. It should go based on popular vote not on electoral college because elector could defy people, they are unfair to voters , and people arent necessarily voting for their president. For all the reason people should be able to vote and they will know that their vote will be counted.         