"I stayed up all night listening and asking for advice to fullfill my dreams, while you went out and partied, not caring for yours." ~ JeonJungkook. Normally getting more advice from people is a good thing because you can choose from multiple points of view. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, you might not like it but it's true.

Advice comes in many different ways, for an example, Jeon Jungkook, a famous korean singer has made it all the way to where he is now with the advice of his seven group members, he was young when he auditioned maybe 15 or 16. He was in a really bad place at the time, failing highschool, going through finance problems, not being able to talk to people well because he was scared or shy, but he listened to his close friends that hes known for years, and he passed highschool, he's making millions, and he's overcome his fear of talking to people due to many fan meet-and-greets. Someone else who followed advice is Min Yoon - Gi he is one of Jung kooks members, Yoongi was going through really hard times, his parents were having finacial problems and they were mistreating him because he wanted to be a music producer. He was kicked out of his parents house at age 16, he went and moved in with his friend Kim Seok jin, who was also a music producer, Yoongi suffered from depression and anxiety, he spent half of his time asking for Seok jin's advice because he was older and had a lot of experience with these kinds of problems. He listened to all the advice he got from his friends, and now he's in a band with all his friends as his members under a big compony called BigHit Entertainment and he's also a solo artist making millions off of songs and albulms, and he gained his families respect for being sucsessful and fullfilling his dreams even with all the things they put him through.

Reciving advice can come differently for each person, some can be good advice, or some could be bad advice. You can tell good advice from bad advice by seeing how the person is saying it, do they look suspicious, are they being positive and happy, are they making eye contact, are they facing you at all times and relly listening to what you need help with, sadly not all advice will be helpful, this can be caused by going to the wrong people for help or interpreting the advice wrongly. Always go to the people you have known for advice, friends, family other close people. Don't just go to a random person that you've only known for a few months because most likely, they know nothing personal about you, they know nothing about what is going on in your life, and when your sad and need advice they might be there for you but not give you good advice. When you're sad you're really vonurable and will most likely listen to anything someone says is good advice, when in reality it's really not. If you go to the wrong people you are giving them a chance to overpower you because they know if they make the advice seem real enough you will believe it and do it just because they told you to. That's not good advice.

lastly, you can always learn new things from getting advice frome different people. Good advice can lead you in many different places, you could be a singer under a big compony making a lot of money, or you could get a good paying job, some good advice can come from music, I know a few lines that halp me get through my darkest days. Some of them are; "let them be them, let us be us."-BTS "count one, two, three, take my hands now and close your eyes, ill lead you through the dark."

-BTS "you got me, even in your darkest days, I got you, to be the light to shine my path on this dark narrow road." "just one day can we forget about all the fights and pains of the world, just one day."-BTS " all of those lyrics have uplifted me and made me feel positive about myself, they shaped me into the person I am today, and that's all because they put their life problems and all they advice they have to give into music, so people like me who are going through problems can read it and see that they went through the same things, so they can let us see that it gets better in the end and that we dont need to wait for good to come to us because we are good. If you listen to good advice from good people you most likely will always be in a happy positive mood and feel proud of the person you let that advice shape you into. While if you listened to bad advice and stayed with the wrong friend group it could lead you to spending your life behind bars or doing comunity service. You need to make the right chioces and be with the right people and listen to good advice if you want to make it anywhere in life.

To sum it all up, take the advice form people but pick out the good advice and leave the bad advice out, talk to your elders for advice, they've been through what your going through. think about you're friend group and if they're good for you're future. 