Why is it that some students participate in on-school activities? Because to those students, it's interesting, however that may not sit well with many other students. The principle shouldn't let every single student take part in an extracurricular activity, because students will be more tired if they waste their time on activities they may not even enjoy, while interacting with other students they don't click well with.

One reason for this is that, students may not enjoy all the extracurricular occupations that the school offers, causing them to be unhappy with the time they're wasting participating in these activities. Students are found to be more motivated to do their work when they are able to indulge in what they enjoy. It may be true that students should be able to experience new things to expand their interests, however they don't need what the school has to offer to be able to do that. It's more beneficial for students to be independent when trying to explore new interests. For instance, if a student gets tired of doing a certain hobby, it is up to them to figure out what other activities can be entertaining to them, while also exploring new skills.

Furthermore, exhaustion may be a common mood for students if they take part in activities that require more work. Students are already very tired throughout the school day, and having more food on their plate can even cause stress. Adding on to that, most of the on-school activities requires the student to stay after school, and that may be troublesome for students. They may not be able to get a ride if there's no after school bus, and they won't have time to do other hobbies they enjoy that's outside of school. Food for thought, if a student is more tired than they already are due to these extracurricular activities, how are teachers supposed to expect the student to focus and learn?

Additionally, students may find themselves not working well with the other students that are in the same event. Being able to be social with others is a big aspect in life, however there are some students who just aren't made to work with each other, and those students can feel dreadfulness because of that reason. Students may feel unmotivated when this happens, causing them to not enjoy the activity they take part in. There are many solutions to this problem, for example; talking things out with the other student(s). Though that may cause some awkwardness between the students if things don't work out, which is usually a hit or miss. Nonetheless, it still isn't enjoyable to work with someone you don't click well with.

In the end, all those reasons are tied to why not all students should participate in an extracurricular activity. Those activities are not as beneficial as some people may think it is. Taking part in those activities should be a choice from the students and not a force from the principle. In conclusion, the idea that each student should take part in extracurricular activities is not a good idea at all, because students can find themselves not liking the event due to the people in it, and the exhaustion it will bring.