If you would like to be a Seagoing Cowboy please read this article.

You may not know what a Seagoing Cowboy is but that is why I'm hear to explain. Seagoing Cowboys get to experience what it's like to tavel to different countries, learn respinsibility, and learn about cultures they might never even heard of. We would like you to be our newest Seagoing Cowboy. After your first trip you might even want to invite your friends to become a Cowboy too.

Seagoing Cowboys see new places, because of the work that they do. They must take food, animals, and supplies to countries who can not grow and thrive after tragic accidents. In the passage Luke Bomberger and his friend Don Reist become Seagoing Cowboys and work together on a boat traveling to Europe. In Europe the people had just fought in World War II and had no food or supplies, not even animals. So the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration sent supplies and animals on a ship to help the people in Europe.

Seagoing Cowboys learn responsiblity by taking care of the animals and crew members on board their ship. In the article Luke must take care of horses, young cows, and mules by giving them water and food, cleaning the pens, and pulling hay and supplies from the lower decks. Seagoing Cowboys not only take care of animals they have to watch out for one another. In the passage Luke was almost knocked overvoard but thankfully a strip of metal caught him and his crewmates pulled him back aboard.

The people who do sign up to become Seagoing Cowboys get to travel around the world and learn about new cultures, eat new and interesting foods, and even get to see amazing landscapes and structures. In the passage Luke got to see the Panama Canal, a castle in Crete, and even spend time in China and Europe. Luke took nine trips from one place and back again-that's the most of any Seagoing Cowboy.

Seagoing Cowboys have great experiences. They learn new thingss and see new places. Plus who doesn't love working with animals. It would be a great experience and lots of fun to be a boy or man to travel to new countries and learn new things. We hope to see you on our next trip and have a great time.        