I should agree because it can make your grades higher by joining sports, after school subjects or classes, and it make you more smarter and more. In my school we join sports and some after school classes and if we join some sports or some activities after school we have credits and it add up to your grades and people doesn't want to participate because they're lazy and sometimes they make up stories that the have headache, sick, stomach ache, and just skipping after school classes. And sometimes they fail some classes and teachers wants to convince them to join and stay after class and make their grades up.

I have a friend that is a bit of a trouble in school his name is Generic_Name he ask me if I could help him do his work and I said to him that " You can join activity classes at social studies, or stay after school, and it makes your grades high and you can learn something " And he didn't followed me, and thats why he still have one F on Social Studies.

If I was the principal I would make every students join sports and make them stay after school for those school activities, and if they have like an F in one class or a missing assignment I would call their parents and ask the parents if their child can stay after class and make their bad grades or missing assignment gone and make their grades higher and get extra credits for participating for after school activities.

And if I was the student I can convince them by letting students know if they have problems on their work or missing assignments I would let them convince to join the after school activities or stay after to do some retakes on their test or quizzes and figure out what is wrong with their grades and fix them and make their grades high. And those who doesn't want to join the after school activities will remain have an F for the 2nd quarter.

The best thing is for the students who want to try or join the team for basketball, tennis, badminton, baseball, hockey, and wrestling is the best thing because few students always wants to join or try for the team. And my two friends join for basketball and hockey my one friend named Generic_Name wants to try out for baseball this spring season and he is really good at basketball and baseball, but the only wrong for him is he has bad grades. I know that students should have good grades before you try out for the team. Generic_Name made a decision to stay after class and do the retakes and after 3 weeks Generic_Name has good grades and he try out for baseball and made the team.\

I agree that students should participate to after school classes or sports. Even me I stayed after school just to finish my work or do some retakes and get a better grade this year. Before I also don't want to go to after school classes, but when I got a really bad grades I started to go to a after school classes and finish work and do retakes and here I got some good grades.