Human beings have invented some amazing technology, one such example is the smartphone this device plays a role in the daily life of everyone who has one, whether it be for communication, GPS, or even paying for store bought goods, however should these same devices be used while on the road? The answer to that is no, a smartphone offers too many distractions such as social media, games, videos, and much more. This is evident by recent laws such as the hands off law, which prohibits drivers from touching their device while driving. This is also evident by car accidents caused by one or more drivers being too occupied by their smartphone. With this being said, smartphones are definitely a hazard while used on the road.

Social media when used on a phone can be a wonderful thing, it keeps you in contact with friends, family, and even your fellow co-workers, however, it can also be a major distraction. As humans use social media chemicals in their brain are released, these chemicals are called dopamine, and in humans it's what makes us decide we like whatever we're doing, thus a habit is formed. This habit if not controlled can lead to constant checking of a person's phone, including when in the car, which could lead to catastrophic accidents and even death while on the road. This and the added distractions of potential passengers could create an even more dangerous environment.

Gaming can be a great hobby despite what people say, this includes mobile games, but they can also be a great distraction on the road. The same chemical mentioned earlier is released when you play games, it's what makes them entertaining, and for some people it makes them need that one last level on Candy Crush or to complete that one last quest on games like Clash

Royale. Some people decide to do this when driving, once again endangering their fellow drivers, as well as any passengers in their car. This helps prove the point of smartphone use shouldn't be allowed in the car because there have been plenty of car and motorcycle accidents due to this. The more people want to do something, the greater the release of dopamine is when their craving is finally fed.

Some people like to play videos in the car while they drive, while that's ok for some people to do, there are still exceptions to this. People who have low attention spans as well as people who like to pay more attention to the video rather than the road are more likely to crash than someone who just plays music from their phone in the car. The reasoning behind this is simple, a music video is more likely to be watched than someone simply opening a music streaming app and playing the song. Other people like to watch movies or just normal YouTube videos adding to the risk factor. This all leads to the hands off law.

The hands off law, as mentioned earlier, outlaws the use of any type of cellular device while driving, creating a safer environment for all drivers. Some people may ask, "What if the police don't catch everyone who uses their phone while driving?" That can only be helped by us humans putting down these devices while on the road, while there are laws in place, not everyone follows them, and officers can't always catch everyone. This leads back to the starting statement, no, smartphones should not be allowed while people use the road, because as human beings, no matter who you are, you can still be distracted by your device.         