With the principle's new rule the school days are getting longer and longer. I disagree with this rule because instead of benefiting the students, it hurts them. By implementing this plan it brakes a rule because schools are not allowed to force students to stay after school unless it's for punishment reasons. When the students are told that they must choose an activity, they are most likely not going to try their hardest and excel. I believe it is wrong to force students to participate in an extracurricular activity out of school. The problems I see with this are that the pools of new students joining sports team and taking the spotlight away from the athletes, the new enforcement does not teach,improve, or prepare us for life, and the issue of transportation.

One of the reasons that this new plan is not ideal is because of the way it takes the spotlight away from the star athletes. By allowing anyone who wants to be on the sports team on, that makes the game not as special for the people who have been practicing for months. An example of this would be an amazing basketball athlete who has practiced, trained, and learned for years having to play with regular people. People who barely know what they are doing and messing around to take away the specialty of the sport and stealing their court time. By letting anybody play in sports it ruins records and can lead to many lost games. It may also result in harsh feelings between the athletes and non-athletes.

Another issue is the new rule is not teaching,improving, or preparing us for life, which is what school is all about. Also, by implementing this plan it forces kids to stay after school and continue to work hard and think without having a any reward, such as a good grade. Getting good grades and learning is the whole reason of going to school, by making us take an extracurricular activity it does not go with the purpose of going to school. A sport or club is not going to help me get a job unless I am a leader, which will be much harder to achieve if so many students are also in the activities.

The last and most important flaw in this plan is the way of transportation. Many families, especially those in poverty, have one car for the family of rely on and the bus is there only form of transportation home. Another reasons students might not have a ride is because lots of parents are still at work. By forcing kids to stay after school it is putting some in danger and parents in a horrible situation. They have the choice of possibly losing job to pick up a student or having their child walk far distances. Since all of the extracurricular activities are not on one day, sending the buses a few hours late does not solve this predicament.

Overall, this plan has many flaws and is not beneficial to the whole school community. I would suggest strongly enforcing extracurricular activities, but never make them mandatory. By making sports open to anyone it takes away the importance and difference from the star athletes. Another thing is the extracurricular activities are not teaching me and improving me for life and none of the work is graded, so it doesn't matter. Finally, the transportation of the students after school is an issue, without buses some kids can't get home. I do not support this plan and I predict it would not be successful. 