The traditional school setting is a busy building with many classrooms full of students, but whether or not that is the ideal school setting depends on the student. For a student to reach their full potential, he/she need their ideal classroom setting. For some, that is the traditional public school setting. However, for some others, classes taken in the comfort of home is best. Now with brand new technology, students are able to take classes at home and many have taken advantage of this opportunity. Public schooling, however, remains the dominant setting of education. Despite this, taking online classes at home can provide significant benefits such as providing an escape from distractions, allowing introverts to reach their full potential, and a more flexible schedule.

The home offers students the opportunity to learn far away from the distractions present in a public school. Classrooms in public schools can become very distracting due to talking or being near friends. This can seriously hamper some students' abilities to concentrate and take in information. A home setting, so long as there is a quiet place in at least one area of the house, completely eliminates this distraction and allows students to listen clearly to their teacher. Public schools, along with having distractions,are also a place where gossip can spread like wildfire and there is nothing anyone can do to prevent it. Particularly interesting gossip can leak into a classroom and not just disable a single student but the entire classroom and prevent all the students from being able to concentrate. Not only that, but gossip can also be a form of bullying, which not only distracts the victim but may severely damage their mental or emotional health. No gossip can have such an impact on a family, allowing the student to get all work done in peace. Home is often seen as a place to go for peace and tranquility, and that is what makes it an excellent learning setting for some students.

Being alone at home away from others can be a huge benefit for those who are introverted. Introverts do best when they are alone and being around many other people can have a significant effect on some of them. Introverts often have just as much potential as everyone else, if not more, but they would be unable to shine in a packed classroom. Classes from home might just be what introverts are looking for since they can truly do their best due to the lack of strangers around. The public school setting can induce high feelings of dread or anxiety in introverts due to the aforementioned reasons. Though students shouldn't necessarily have to be happy about school, no student should experience daily feelings of dread or anxiety because if these feelings persist long enough, a massive stress buildup can harm mental health. A home setting ensures that those who choose it feel comfortable and can wake up in the morning feeling ready for school. A home classroom setting can ensure that introverts both reach their full potential and stay mentally healthy.

Students who opt for home classrooms can afford to be much more flexible in their daily routines and make room for more errands or activities. The public school setting shows little to no concern towards the daily routines of their students, and students must change their schedule to accommodate school. Online courses, on the other hand, allow students to go at their own pace on the content and makes working ahead much easier. Students with tight schedules will find that they can easily work online schooling into their schedule. The ability of online schooling to allow students to choose when to learn rewards efficient students or motivated students with more free time on their hands. Online schooling understands the importance of time management and by rewarding those who work ahead of time, the behavior of working ahead is encouraged as it should be. Those who get their work done early in public schools are not rewarded as much since there isn't much to do other than sit in the classroom, and so the habit of working ahead is less prevalent. Online schooling not only allows students to go at their own pace but also rewards those who move at a fast pace.

Although public schools are still much more accepted, Online schooling has proved its success by minimizing distraction, providing benefits for introverts, and allowing for more flexibility in day to day life. The noisy, gossip filled classrooms in public schools no longer have to be where a student gets his or her education. Instead, it can be in the peace of their room. Introverts no longer must be suppressed by the strangers surrounding them and can really give it their all when alone at home. The ability of students to pace themselves on online courses means that students who are very busy with sports or activities can now make time for everything. Without the option of schooling from home, there are many students who would suffer from increased stress due to distractions, being around others, or just not having enough time for everything. For those students, home is the ideal educational setting for them. What the world would be like if everyone had their ideal educational setting is up to imagination, but it is safe to assume that it would be more advanced than the world today.