Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. These projects should be student-designed because it can teach students how to manage their time and get their work done. A lot of student designed projects teaches more then teacher designed work.

Summer projects should be student designed because of ways it can teach students. Sometimes it can teach you how to manage your time, how to get work done in time, or give you an essay about what you learned during your summer break and how can it affect your life. It can even give you a task to research a specific topic and write a paper or journal about it. Sometimes summer projects will give you an easier task like reading a book over the summer and explain what you read once the school starts. There may be a project that requires you to make your own project.

One of the most common summer project you'll ever get is writing an essay about what you did over the summer. Even though it sounds really simple to do, it actually teaches you a lot about life. Students teach themselves everyday because they're trying new things in their lifes which makes this specific project very easy to do considering students always have something to write about. Even if the topic's not specifically about what you did over the summer, you can make essay about what changed your life or write something like "Who inspired you to be who you are right now".

Schools should require students to do student designed projects because student designed projects are specifically made for students to learn and to teach themselves in a way. Said it paragraph 1, it can teach the student how to manage time, complete or finish work in time, and gives the student full responsibility to finish their work. These types of projects can help students be mature about what they need to finish for school.

This comes down to the conclusion on why summer projects should be student designed and there are a lot of reasons behind it. Whether it's creating a slide show, writing an essay. or even researching on a topic, students learn a lot from these projects and helps the mind become stronger. That's why summer projects should be student designed.