Many people wonder whether or not cars should be ban to help save the enviroment. They dont know if that would help us or make matters worse. Their are many advantages to not using cars. Some people just can't seem to let go of their cars. They need a push to get started and to stop using their cars every single day.

Their are multiple advantages to the baning of cars. One example would be getting rid of air pollution. Most air pollution is caused by cars so if you get rid of cars you will also get rid of air pollution. Air pollution can cause a lot of different problems it can cause people to get sick or many other things, so getting rid of it completely could help a lot of people.

Another thing people wouldn't have to worry about would be traffic jams on the way to work. During the week some many people are trying to get to and from work at the same time it causes a traffic jam. People are often late to work because of this reason. So putting a ban on cars could help out with that. People could walk to and from work or ride a bike. This would limit the number of traffic jams and people wouldn't have to worry about being late to work.

If people walked everywhere instead of drove everywhere people would be getting a lot of exercise and that could help too. Cars make us seem lazy where we drive everywhere we want to go but if we walk or rode a bike that could help out in many ways. Walking could get things off your mind you could walk with a friend that way you can hangout and talk about things while you walk. Walking could relieve stress. It could calm you down and just make you relax for a few and forget about all your problems.

Putting a ban on cars could also help the town in which you live in, not only by limiting air pollution but it could boost town activity. New restaurants would be built, and more places to shop. People would spend money on other things besides gas for their cars. Town businesses would do better and make more money, also new businesses could form.

Also getting rid of cars could limit the amount of deaths every year. Many deaths every year come from car accidents, drunk drivers, people not paying attention and many other things. If everyone walked or rode bikes to the places they wanted to go that could get rid of many deaths that happen every single day. That would make the world safer in so many ways.

Getting rid of cars and not depending on cars for everything could be what this worlds needs to improve itself. This could take us one step closer to living longer, happier, and healthy lives. People wouldn't have to worry about getting a car or paying insurance on a car. People wouldn't have to worry about getting their kids license, teaching them how to drive or anything like that. The number of deaths each year could go down and things could change for the better.                     