State Senator I do wish for you to change the Electoral College to a popular vote for the President of the United States. The Electoral College is just a longer system of chosing the President of the United States, why go through a longer process intead of the states just choosing the President of th United States. The way the Electoral College is looking to me is just another system why cant we have just one system where it is based on popular votes by the states instead of having the people on choosing what the Electors should say, why not just a straight foward vote.

To me " The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational."Bob Dole id right to say abolish The Electoral College. " What have Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their time, agreed on abolishing the electoral college. They're not alone; according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore"."Over 60 percennt of voter would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could lose the presidency, but yet the electoral college still has its defenders".

" The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse. Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that  those electors could always defy the will of the people.

" At the most basic level the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner- take-all system in each state, candidates dont spend the time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the swing states. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voers in 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad. If anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters in Ohio.    