Distance learning is an option that students have to take classes at home. They can take the classes online or they can have a video conference. It can be good and bad at the same time. some people might think it is bad because they are in the house all the time, and they are not really being social and that can be bad after school when they go into the big wide world; however, it is a good thing for some people it can really help them if they have some problems at school or at home. Students would benefit from distance learning in many ways like if you get bullied bullying, if a person is sick for a long time, and if you want to go to a school but it is far. You should see if you are interested in any distance learning options.

When people go to school they can get bullied. Sometimes it happens to them so much that they don't want to go to school anymore because they are scared of the person or people that are bullying them. They tried do something about the bullies but they never really stopped. Since they get bullied a lot they don't want to go back to the school. And this is when they do the distance learning option. Once they start they dont have to go back to the school and get bullied every day.

You never really know what is going to happen. Sometimes a person can unexpectedly get sick or hurt themselves. If we did get really sick or hurt we have to stay out of school. But when we are healing we have a lot of time on are hands so we could do the online classes. And we would not be behind all of are classmates. And when you go back to school you would be at the same place as your classmates.

There could be a school that you want to attend but you don't live close enough to go to it. So you could get the online classes for that school and go to school like that. Now you are going to the school you wanted to go to. You also got all of the classes you wanted to get from that school. And you don't even really need to do anything to get ready for school you can just wake up and go online and see what you have to do because it is online.

In conclusion distance learning is a good thing. It helps you in many different ways. And there are definitely so many other ways it can help you as well. It was a really good idea to be able to take classes online. And students have really benefited from this a lot.      