One day a little girl named Generic_Name wanted to go Bungy jumping. She was kind of nervous, because she had heard many stories. Stories that she thought were scary, and listening to those stories mad her not want to do it. Then she was thinking one day" Why should I let what someone else thinks effect me and what I want to do." Later that day she talked to her mom she made a list of people whom she was going to talk to about her decision she had to make. Her mom agreed with what she was talking to herself about earlier that day. Her mom said " You know yourself not them and if this is what you want to do then do it. Don't let anyone change your mind just because they had a bad experience. You know yourself better than anyone else does even me. Regardless of what you decide to do I'm still going to be your mom and i'm still going to love you." Then after she talked to her mom she went to go ask her granddad before making her final decision, because she knew he would help her make the right choice. She went to the basement, and when she got there before she could even start talking he said" I heard you talking to your mom. I think exactly what she said is true, and just like her I will love you no matter what." She smiled and said, " Thanks grandpa." And went to her room when she got there she knew what she had to do. She went to bed early that night, because she had a big day ahead of her.

When you ask multiple people for their opinion it can be good or bad. Like if you want to go bungy jumping and were scared. The good thing about asking is that

You get some of the same advice that's good.

You will likely talk to someone that has experience on whatever you are trying to decide to do.

Maybe they have done it before and don't think it's a good idea.

The not so good thing about asking for multiple peoples opinion is

It might become overwhelming trying to decide who to listen to.

It might be some something you don't want to hear.

Depending on the situation not many people can help you.

Asking people for their opinion is good it shows that your not selfish.

But you can't always ask and just do it based on one person. You should ask a variety of people and you will get better reasons and points of which to do it and not to do it. Advice is a good thing to get especially when your trying to make a decision and don't know what to do. Family, friends, teachers, authority figures are all people you can and should get advice from. When you ask for advice you should think about what you want advice on, the pros and the cons, who has the most reasonable advice, and who says stuff and can back up what they say. If you find that person compare what you think and that person. And sometimes if you just make the decision for yourself by yourself it isn't always the smart thing to do. Only because it could be extremely dangerous but you wouldn't know, because you just decided by yourself that you wanted to do that. Sometimes what's right isn't always what's best. And just because you get someones advice doesn't technically mean that you have to use it. They just gave it to you to be helpful and hopefully can influence you to do what's right. And you have to know the right people to ask advice from if you know someone won't give you their honest opinion, but tell you what you want to hear don't ask them. You should ask someone who doesn't agree with some decisions you make, because most of the time they can give you the best advice especially when you need it most. So next time you need advice remember not to just ask one person ask multiple before making your decision.