Driverless cars can be used as an advantage in the following ways. There is a substantial amount of usefulness in the medical field with driverless cars. The mentally disabled in many ways can have a new type of freedom. Overall driverless cars are more safe.

The medical field is advancing rapidly. The transportion for hospitals, health clinics, in home nursing etc., can be greatly efected in a positive way. In an emergency situation a patient does not have a moment to spare, and a driverless ambulance does not spare a single second. The driverless ambulance will send out a signal pulling over all other driverless cars, leaving an open path, and another patient with thier life. The medical personel can have all hands on the patient. The driverless car is more effecient in the medical field than a manual car.

The mentally disabled strive to be more independant, and what better way than giving themselves thier own transportation. Granted they could take the bus, but the driverless car is infiantly safer for them. The people that care for them can take driving them to the doctors off of their checklist. In an emergency all they have to do is tell the car where to go and it will asist them. Once again the driverless car can save lives.

The main point of the driverless car is to be a safer alternative to the manual version. The built in automatic brakes have already been proven useful in todays vehicles. Built in GPS systems can be of great value when all a human has to do is type in a location. A human mind turns to panic in an accident, but not the computer program of the driverless car. The driverless car can save lives.

The driverless car can save lives. The driverless car can grant a new sources of freedom and independece to the mentally disabled. The driverless car gives a second chance to human beings that were moments away from death. The driverless car is an atvantage for not only American's but for the whole world. The driverless car is not only an advantage, but a hope for a newer brighter future.