Alien Life! A very controversial topic, some might say, especially at this point in time.

Some people believe that the face that has been photographed on Mars is evidence of alien life; however, it is just a landform because if NASA wanted to hide the existence of aliens they wouldn't have released this image in the first place, there were no other "alien artifacts" near the face in any of the images, and if the face was in fact an alien artifact, NASA would use this to its advantage because they would receive more funding to find alien life since there would be proof that alien life actually exists. Obviously, the face on Mars is not an alien artifact but only a natural landform made on the surface of the Red Planet.

One of the most blatantly obvious reasons why this face could not be made by aliens is because NASA does not believe that it is. Now, every one is entitled to their own opinions, but because NASA is saying that this face is not an alien artifact you should think that same thing. There would be no reason for NASA to want to release an image that possibly supports that there could be alien life on Mars and then just say that it provides no evidence for life on Mars, if NASA actually believed there really was life on the Red Planet. Either, NASA would have not released the image at all in an effort to prevent people from thinking that aliens could be living on Mars, or they would release their image and say the truth. In this case NASA released the image and then said that it does not support alien life on Mars, so it is very clear that the landform is just a landform and not an alien artifact.

Also, there were no other "alien artifacts" near the face. If this really was an alien artifact, there would be evidence left behind of the people that built this face, but there was not. And, the more recent pictures of the face were very high resolution, "Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters." That may seem like a very large area for one pixel, but unless these aliens that live on Mars all live in one home that is less than twenty-five square meters, there is no one near this face that could've built it. Clearly, this landform could not have been made by anyone living on Mars because there simply is no one that is living close enough to this face to build it.

And last but not least, if this face on Mars was indeed an alien artifact, NASA would use this scenario to its advantage by blowing up the media with news of alien life in an attempt to gain more funding for the space program. There is absolutely no reason for NASA to try to keep the discovery of alien life a secret because, if anything, NASA would gain substantially from a discovery on that scale, so if the scientists at NASA think that this face is just a landform made on the surface of Mars, there is very little reason for someone to doubt them on this.

Now, some people may say, "But wait! That face is clear evidence of alien life, and there is no way that a face like that could have naturally formed on Mars!" If anyone is thinking that same thing, I can see why you may think that, but there is simply no scientific evidence to support your opinion. Yes, it is unlikely for a rock to form in the exact way to make it look like a human, but no, it is not impossible. Additionally, if that face was in fact a natural formation then there is no more evidence for it to support alien life than any other rock on Mars. Obviously, this landform was not made by aliens.

As anyone can see, the face on Mars is just a natural landform because NASA wouldn't release images propagating alien life if they didn't want to say that alien life has been discovered, there is no other evidence supporting aliens on Mars other than the face, and there would be no reason for NASA to try to cover this up because NASA would end up gaining in a situation where alien life was discovered.

Obviously this face is not an alien artifact; however, I believe that alien life does, in fact, exist, and that we may find it in the very near future, so look forward to what may come next.