The public school system has several benefits. One of the major ones is the fact that children ages 5-18 get free education. That being said, it can be hard for students to take a true advantage of the free education system because it can be quite strict. A major issues is school attendance. Most students are in school from 7am to 2pm five days a week which can become quite hard to maintain, especially when a student is out sick. Another issue is learning. In general students all learn differently and for the most part the public school system tends to only teach material in one or two different ways. Having classes from home could be beneficial to students by allowing them to be present even when sick, allowing them to be comfortable during the school day, and allowing them to learn in their own way.

Coming down with the flu or a common cold is something no person wants; it makes a person feel terrible and causes them to miss important events. In elementary school or even middle school coming down with a cold was never that big of a deal but as students begin to enter high school it can be very challenging to stay on track with work even if the student is only out for one or two days. Not only are they having to make up homework, classwork, and tests that they may have missed but now they have to continue to stay up to date with their present work; along with after school clubs, sports, and maybe a job a students can begin to fall behind extremely fast. With students having the access to classes at home this issue is barley a concern. Students will be able to see their lesson plans at any time of the day and have the resources to complete them correctly while doing it for their own bed. Now, having classes online doesn't mean that a student will want to finish all of his/her work while out sick, but it does reduce a lot of stress from their workload.

Being comfortable is a big part of learning, if a student is in pain, too hot, too cold, or anxious it can cause them to not comprehend materials as well as they could. Being around a large number of people, public speaking, group work, fights etc. are all reasons why students may feel uncomfortable at school. Wearing what they want, being able to go outside, eating what they want, using the bathroom when they want, and having the ability to take time to rest are all reasons why students would feel more comfortable in their own home. These comparisons don't speak for all students but in general being comfortable plays a large part in how people get work done. Making it beneficial for schools to have the option of accessing classes online.

Being comfortable physically is a important to a student's learning, but so is being comfortable mentally. This means a students should feel able to learn at their own pace and in a way they feel works best for them. Teachers all have different types of teaching strategies including just taking notes, interactive work, PowerPoint, group work, presentations, or combining all of these. For many students they may resonate with one of the strategies but what about the six other classes they take? One might excel in math because they find it very easy to understand the teacher but that same person might fail history because they don't understand the notes they are handed. With classes from home students don't have to take the risk of succeeding in one or two classes and struggling in the rest. Students will be able to see the lesson and find what works for them in order to understand the lesson. No matter if that is through reading, watching videos, playing interactive games, taking quizzes etc. the student will have the option to explore what works for them.

Even though there are a lot of benefits to having the ability to access classes online people may argue that going to school is still better for the student then staying at home. Public school provides the student with the opportunity to be social throughout the week, develop structure and authority in a students life, and show them responsibility. Even though this is true learning is still a different journey for every student. So, while some students may enjoy going to school others find it extremely difficult. Which is why having classes from home could be beneficial to a student because it allows them to be on top of their work even when out sick, comfortable while learning, and having the ability to learn at their own pace. 