The face can speak more than words. Most communication is nonverbal, its emtional communication. Although we can fake a smile or fake an emotion some people might not catch on, well with new technology computers can now read our emotions. Dr. Huang, has come up with new software allowing computers to read and understand a person's facial expresions. This software allows a new connection to be made with humans and computers; and help each other communicate better. This new technology is a great idea for making our future with technology more enjoyable.

With technology on the uprise in todays age, it is becoming more of a neccessity in our everyday lives. Most schools teach with electronics, many jobs rely on technology, and the average person spends half their day on their phone. This software can make our experiences more enjoyable on electronics, for example "if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different.". This makes the time spent on computers more enjoyable as we will see more things we like. Not only is it a good idea for consumers, its also a great way for bussinesses to advertise.

In schools it can be hard for kids to enjoy lessons or subjects if they don't undertsand them. If we have computers that could detect the students emotion, then that would better the students learning experience. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." , understanding the students emotions could help their education. As this computer could read if a student is confused or bored, it can just as esaily make the lesson understanable or interactive. With this type of technology it could change the way education is handled all together.

Today's mainstream media is all about faking it until you make it, but with this new technology it won't be as easy to get away with. This software can tell a real smile from a fake smile, it's all about the muscle movements. If it can tell a fake from a real emotion then the media will really crack down on today's mainstream stars and politicians. "To an expert, faces don't lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling" politician or celebirty isn't being truthful.", this could be a turning point for the media.

With technology becoming more interactive we are going to find new ways to make our everyday life a little easier. Spotting real and fake emotions can be really difficult these days as we have actors and actresses everywhere. It can also be difficult in learning environments, and even our everyday life. This technology can really help us start to understand each other more and make a more personal connection with technology. This great idea can sprout many more technological advances, who knows what else is instore?