Your friend is speaking to you over the phone. She keeps speaking about an argument with her parents she had last night. She chatted with a lot of her friends about the same thing and wanted to know your thoughts on it. Everyone always has different opinions on what somebody else is going through. It's good to find multiple sources to figure out your faults. Having many reactions from peers or friends can give them a sense of realization during tension. Seeking opinions from others can help someone make a good choice by using an opinion for future purposes, finding a solution that will keep them safe, and letting them realize their rights and wrongs.

When in an argument, getting multiple reactions can help them stay at ease. First of all, they can find an opinion that keeps them comfortable to talk about. Everyone needs a sense of comfort in their lives. Without it, we'd all go crazy! Opinions can help us not stress in situations with the right words as well as being grateful towards others! Secondly, everyone's reactions are different, so your friend could find a solution that fits any real-world situation. There are infinite solutions to any type of argument that could be going on in someone's life. With listing a few options, your friend could use it to help them cope in arguments or any other conflict! Lastly, it will keep them from making complications worse. It's normal to be angry at someone, but make sure they don't do something they shouldn't! Friends all want their shared peer to be safe, so reassuring the friend in tension will keep them from starting something they shouldn't. Not only do opinions keep you down-to-earth, but it can keep you safe.

Tension can be tough, but getting many reactions can keep you unharmed. Firstly, they will get to rant their emotions. People tend to have depression or anxiety when going through tough times. When chatting with multiple sources and friends, they can understand what their peer is going through and let them release all their feelings without judgment. Secondly, they won't get physical with the person they're arguing with! The last thing any friend wants is for their buddy to get in a fight. It usually happens when the air isn't clear between them. So, having many friends give them advice will let your peer realize the best option and keep them from getting harmed. Lastly, they will be prepared for any problem coming their way. For example, you heard from others that your peer might get jumped after school. You tell your closest friends and they all tell the person to be cautious of their surroundings and give them advice before school ends. You just saved someone from possibly getting hit. It's best to seek out to the person in tension and tell them before it happens! Advice can always keep you safe, but it can also help you realize your rights and wrongs.

From lots of advice, it will help someone realize their rights and wrongs. First of all, it will stop them from blaming themselves or the other person. It's human to misunderstand a fight that may be going on in someone's life. Hearing the same advice over and over again will let them rethink their words as well as the fight and give them a chance to apologize before its too late. Second, they won't learn to distance themselves if they believe they're wrong. It's a harmful decision to distance yourself from others. When speaking to a peer or buddy, make sure you and your other friends tell them they aren't alone. They will understand what was wrong and solve the argument peacefully. Lastly, they'll learn from the past and solve their arguments with sincerity. There's always room for improvement. Learning from friends that they made a mistake or they were correct will let them reminisce what they should do in present or future conflicts. It will help them become a better person. Rights and wrongs come with every argument, and realizing it from multiple people will help.

Advice should always come from tons of friends or peers. It will help them stay calm, keep them away from harmful situations, and let them realize their rights and wrongs. Advice should come from a lot of people, not just one!