Technology has helped innovate the world we live in today. Decades ago, a simple task of writing a letter and sending it off would take days to weeks to deliver; now simply sending an email takes only a few seconds to receive. The rate at which technology has grown and impacted humans is remarkable. This as a result has made individuals rely on technology in their daily lives. This can be shown in various ways across different individuals, one of which are students. Students would benefit from taking classes at home because a world wide pandemic might cause the closings of schools, certain students might not live near a school, and students might be handling tough situations that require them to stay at home.

A contagious virus or disease may prompt schools to close due to it simply not being safe to go to school. Being home is beneficial because that is a place of isolation where outside factors like diseases would be hard to contract. This would also help limit the amount of people being infected and keeping the disease contained. In the past, my middle school was shut down due to a high number of Flu cases. This prompted for a closure of the school for two weeks. The only way to receive the education we were going to miss was by implementing online school. Furthermore, completing online school during that time period helped ensure that I was not behind on school work.

The far distance of a school for certain students maybe a factor as to why they can't attend it. This can hinder ones attempt to learn, but with the rise of technology and its easy accessibility, online school has been seen as a solution. The many benefits of technology is that it can come in different forms (phones and laptops) and can reach remote areas of the world. As a result, taking part in online school helps make sure that students that live far from school, get the education they need. Personally, I have taken part in online classes because my teacher was in another country. Through technology and online school, I was able to successfully learn despite the long distance.

Students may not be able to come to school due to liabilities they have to attend to. Certain students may have to take care of their younger siblings because their parents maybe at work. This limits the chance the student has on receiving adequate education. An alternative would be getting a chance to do schoolwork at home where that student can take care of their siblings while learning. This can be seen in online school where schedules are made by the student for their own convenience. Therefore, this would be more efficient for that student.

Due to the advancements of technology, it has drastically helped humans to become more productive and efficient. It has helped complete tasks that would be deemed impossible years ago. With this, it has helped the way students are taught by making teaching methods go digital (online school). As a result, students might find completing schoolwork at home easier due to the safe environment and the fact that it is more convenient because it is set at their own pace.