Essay : Phones and Driving

Cell phones have evolved in our society everyday in which case its made a huge impact in our daily lives. Technology has grown dramatically over the years. The majority of people own a cell phone in which they use on a day to day basis including while driving. Even though it is not authorized people still tend to do so. Drivers should not be able to use or operate any type of cell phones or any form of technology in which case it can be very dangerous. In our society people have been so focused on trying to do multiple things all at once that we are willing to risk our own lives and others safety.

Texting, calling or reading messages while driving can easily lead to a car crash. Keeping your eyes off the road for less than 5 seconds can cost you or somebody else's life. According to The National Safety Council states that cell phone use while driving leads up to 1.6 million crashes each year. There's actual statistics that shows that 26 percent of people driving say have admitted to texting while driving (Teens and Distracted Driving). These are just some facts that prove using your phone while driving can become a major threat to our community. Did you know that teenage drivers are four times more likely to be involved in a car crash than adult drivers? It is causing insurance to increase and causes concerns for others health.

Throughout time humans have always tried to multitask simply because nowadays in order to get a job, cook, work, or have kids you need to know how to do multiple things all at once. Yet, humans are naturally not great at multitasking. While driving your main priority is to focus on driving and just driving; if people were actually good at multitasking than "texting while driving" rates of deaths wouldn't be extremely high as it is now. According to American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry (AACAP) traffic crashes are the #1 cause of death and injury for people ages 16-20, with more than 5,600 teens dying in motor vehicle collisions each year. While being behind the wheel you need to be inventive, always look at your surroundings, all mirrors, and everywhere.

Texting while driving is threatening because you see it all the time yet, people still don't change their bad habits. If it wasn't harmless than there would've been any commercials of people getting into car crashes on the television nor either any signs stating "no texting while driving." The rates of using a cellular device are so high that statistics show that driving while texting is six times more dangerous than drunk driving. The U.S. bans text messaging. There are three main types of distractions which are visual, manual, and cognitive. Texting while driving uses all three of these distractions in which it will cost you a life including jail time all because humans can't put the phone down for a few minutes. The U.S. bans text messaging so don't even try to do it.

In conclusion, humans should not be able to use a cell phone in any capacity while operating a motor vehicle. Simple facts and statistics show us textual evidence in how texting while driving is life threatening. As we know, numbers don't lie. There over 1 million car crashes each year; not only that but we live it everyday and watch how innocent lives are taken away day by day because of cellular devices. Save a life. It can most definitely wait. A life is not worth a text or a call.

Works Cited

Aacap. "Driving and Teens." Driving and Teens, American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Apr. 2016, https://www. aacap. org/AACAP/Families_and_Youth/Facts_for_Families/FFF-Guide/H elping-Your_Teen-Become-A-Safe-Driver-076. aspx.

Madden, Mary, and Amanda Lenhart. "Teens and Distracted Driving." Pew Research Center: Internet, Science & Tech, 28 July 2015, https://www. pewinternet. org/2009/11/16/teens-and-distracted-driving/.

"Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving." Edgarsnyder. com, https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statis tics. html.         