From playing an instrument to battling in a game, from sports to journalistic and fantastical writing, there are so many options of extracurricular activities. These clubs and teams can improve both the mental and physical health of students, affecting their daily lives positively and giving them another group of friends. A new rule that students must participate in at least one activity is an incredible opportunity to grow.

Having a place to relax and have fun in school can often be a struggle for students. While doing an extracurricular activity, students can release stress and have fun doing something they love. In a club or team, students form a sort of "family." They all share a passion or interest in the subject and get to know people they would not otherwise have met. Throughout the school day, students can build up confusion, worry or anger about projects and friendships. This gives them an opportunity to have fun doing something they enjoy.

While these activities can simply be enjoyable, it also can improve health and affect students' day to day lives. Sports can keep students physically active and engaged. It has been scientifically proven that physical activity can improve a person's happiness and reduce stress, although this also applies to any activity that is enjoyed by the student. While participating in a club, students can ignore other thoughts and focus only on what is at hand. This is exactly what students tend to need after a long day of school.

With an outlet for energy and anxiety, students can focus better on their schoolwork and can also get the help they may need from their friends.

Many people worry about participating in these activities, believing that students will not have enough time to focus on their studies. However, many of the students that already to extracurricular activities are active in multiple clubs. These students still manage to get their work done. Also, as this rule of participation would be school wide, teachers would likely lighten how much homework they give out. Finally, this prepares students for the future. They will have to learn to lead balanced lives as adults, so this will give them the opportunity to learn how to work efficiently and still have downtime.

All together, having an activity outside of school is a good idea for students as it improves health and grades and gives opportunities to have new friends. Enforcing this policy would be an interesting change and would lead to a happier and more efficient school environment. 