Electoral College

: Even the best-laid defenses are wrong

Dear, State Senator

The Electoral college process as you know ,consist of selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, ant the counting of the electorial votes by Congress (Source 1). Under the electorial college system voters don't vote for president, they vote for a slate of electors that in turn elect for president. Some may think "What the problem with that it seems like a simple process" but thats not how it works. Imagine the small states, no canidate is going to spend time in a state where they have no chance of winning making it unfair to voters. Theres is also the chance of many segregationists where they don't even take into consideration on who their voting for only basing it on race and or ethnicity. Electoral college is a "Disaster Factor"(Source 2).Many thing can happen in the mist of this selection where the results can end up in a tie which would cause worries. Electoral college is irrational, unfair, and outdated and shouldnot be as a system anymore.

This "system" is unfair to many places across the United States. No canidate would bother going to spend time in a state where they have no chance of winning making it unfair to voters. During the 200 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the canidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters 25 ofthe largest media markets didn't get to see the canidates at all including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25ofthe largets media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad (Source 2).Seventeen states didn't even see canidates making it a harder decision for those states causing somepeople to not even bother voting. Some may think "It isn't the canidates faulty that those people didnt vote" but yes it is the statement is also on opinion and not facts so its not look into carefully.

There you go it's finally the day to find out the winner and then out of know where you dont find out you know why because of a worry that is a tie. When there is a tie it completely    