Some schools have these dreadful summer projects that students don't really enjoy to do. However, it's required in most schools, regardless if it's a reading assignment or a history assignment. The school system just wants us to keep our brains going during the break. Now here comes the big question of the day, should the projects be teacher-designed or student-designed ? When this was first brought to my attention I would have said student-designed .Now that I have put further thought into it . I feel that it should be teacher-designed and student based. What I mean by that is students should have a big role in how teachers design it, so that students would be eager to do them ,and have a good challenge on their hands. Nevertheless it should be fun and educational.

Students count down until summer break and not just in ''

Highschool Musical''

either they can't wait to hangout with their friends, be out all night, and not have to wake up for school. Students know it's always that boring assignment that they have to complete over summer , which they wait the last minute to do. If the assignment was student based which mean it would have been appealing to to them, then they wouldn't wait all summer to do. It wouldn't just be a bunch of confused, nonintrested students putting anything down on a piece of paper just so they can get a grade. Some people might not agree and say an assignment is an assignment it has to get done regardless. However I myself am a student and I know once students get an assignment that they are eager to do your probably going to get their best work yet.

Everyone loves a good challenge especially a student. I know I do, and so does my peers. Students love an interesting challenge that will have them using their brains. The whole purpose of the summer project is to assure that students learn over the summer. What a better way to do it then by finding out what interest the students and challenge them to lean more about it , rather its for History class or English ,or in the format of a poster board project or an essay project. An educational challenge is always a good challenge because 1 it teaches students not to give up 2 that there is always more to learn.

I understand that theres going to be an assignment due at the beginning of each school year. However, if it is teacher-designed and student based schools will have an outstanding out come because the more the students are eager to learn , the challenges get harder, and the harder it gets .The more students learn how to succeed in life after high school probably before they reach high school or the 12th grade for that matter. Summer projects are for the students to learn more an as long as it is teacher designed and student based the school system will have a greater impact on our lives.