In ths artile "Driverless Cars Are Coming" they talk about how cars can drive on their own. Although, it talks about how the driver still has to stay catious. If drivers still have to be catious and take control when theres road construction and what not, then what's the point in having a drivless car. To me it's just having like to drive yourself just without pushing the brake or gas. You still have to keep your hands on the wheel.

I just dont feel that drivless cars are safe. I'd rather have to drive my own car then to have the car doing all the work because then again it says in the article that you still have to be aware of where your going and if there is any road construction, also you have to have your hands on the steering wheel just for it to activate the sensors. My question is, lets say I live in a place where there is bad weather, of course the huge trucks are going to come clean the snow, but sometimes pot holes form into the street. So do the driveless cars go aorund them or do we have to be catious too, and even if the car does go around the pot holes, how does it know not to hit the car next to them, or to go on the grass, or even the side walk.

Some people get motion sickness when they are in a car. As an example, someone I know gets motion sickness if they sit in the passanger seat of the car, but are fine if they are driving and handling the car. What if a person gets sick everytime they go into the driveless car because technically they aren't driving it. In the articale it stated "The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel", in concern, what if a driver lost an arm and isn't capable of holding both hands on the steering wheel for the sensors and is used to driving with one hand.

All these concerns have to be thought while processing these cars. Drivless cars to me just aren't the new thing and a lot of more accidents are going to happen. Not a lot people read the manuals, they just buy the car and drive it. How are they going to know they have to navigate through work zones or around accidents? Why would there be accidents if we relied on a driveless car to take care of our driving for us? Drivless cars seem cool and interesting but when you start to realize the facts into this it's not so great after all.           