Driverless cars could be the next big thing. Driverless cars sound like a good idea at first, but as I read this article the dangers of this car became more and more like a night mare. We should not be able to make these kinds of cars, simply for the dangerous side of these cars. These types of cars could poitentially blow up in seconds if their senors or something else has a default. These cars made for certain situations and only have been tested in those situations. Some concerns that could be raised is when the car can tell the space between you and another car, the development of "traffic jam", and the safety of these cars. They aren't safe.

First off, how do we know that this car can really park itself or alert the driver? Sure this has been tested but only a certain amount of cars have been tested with actual people inside. The senors in the car can have a default and end in a fatal situation.

With the car being driverless the safety of turning the wheel has to be scary. If the car is driverless then it should do all the work of the real life driver and the driver shouldn't have to be alert. If car companies have been making these cars for almost 16 years then what is wrong with it? My guess would be that their would be something of its sort already in car dealerships ready to buy.

The development of traffic jam seems like a good idea until you start to read further into it. It can do wonderful things such as alert a driver, announce when the driver needs to take ahold of the car, but shouldn't the car already be able to do this on its own? Yes it keeps at a constant rate of 25 MPH but what if you want to go faster, how will you do that? "We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way," said by Dr. Werner Huber it is not the fun new way. This method of driving can cost the lives of many and they can also cost the company billions and millions of dollars if somebody sues them. Even though "Traffic Jam" has some pretty cool features in helping us stay safe, it is one of these i have to believe it to see it kind of things. The features of "Traffic Jam" can distract people more and more.

Finally, as discussed earlier the safety of these cars aren't all that great. It is safest that almost all states it is illegal to drive computer driven cars. Most drivers are alert as is, the only thing that would distract a driver would be if he or she was on their cell phones. That is why they put in laws such as "Texting while driving." One thing that has to be developed is who is going to be sued if that test driver or actual person is harmed while testing these cars. By the driver being so focused on the gadets in the car, this can cause more accidents that texting and driving.

In conclusion, Google and other car makers should stop making these cars because they can harm people alot. We should not have driver less cars because when can the car tell to park how much space is between you and the other cars, the development of "Traffic Jam", and the safety of these cars. There has been talks about these kind of cars before but then they stopped and now new ideas are going. Big companies don't want to be sued because of something that their car did. Since Telsa has projected to make a 2016 release for a car capable for driving on auto piolet 90 percent of the time, it seems as if car companies have a little more testing and fixing to do. It's surprising to think that three major car companies will have self driven cars by 2020. 