Imagine having a long day of school, tests in all your classes, and feeling tired, then having to stay in school an extra couple hours because your school requires you to stay after school and participate in an extracurricular activity. Extracurricular activities are clubs and committees in school that you take part in before or after regular learning hours including sports clubs, yearbook committee, student council and more. They are great ways to keep students in touch with the school however, they should not be a requirement. I believe students should not be required to participate in an extracurricular activity because students should be able to have a choice whether or not they want to come before or after school and students should not be required to stay in school longer than the required amount of hours.

Students should be able to have a choice if they want to participate in an extracurricular activity. If I am having a bad day or if I am tired from studying the night before I should be able to choose whether or not if I want to take part in an extracurricular that day. Furthermore, students should not be forced into having to participate in an extracurricular even if they are feeling fine, they should not have to stay after school if they dont want to. An extracurricular is something that the student is interested and want to take because they want to not because the school is making them.

Students should not be required to stay in school longer than the required amount of hours that are set. Students already have to be in school six to seven hours a day, five days a week, there is no reason why a student should be required to stay in school longer than they already are. When the bell rings to be dismissed, I want to go home not stay in school for more time. If you want to take part in an after or before school activity that should be your own choice to come to school early or to stay after school.

Overall, I think student should not be forced to take part in an extracurricular activity because student should be able to have a choice to take part in an extracurricular or not and students should not be required to stay in there school longer than they are required to. If a student wants to join an extracurricular activity they should but if a student does not want to the student should not have to. School days are long enough for a student especially when the student has tests they need to study for and projects that are almost due students should have to add more to his or her plate by coming before or after school if they do not want to. In the end, a student simply should not have to take part in an extracurricular activity if they do not want to.