Students should design their own summer projects instead of teachers telling them how to do it. Its a great way for students to be creative and be able to express how they want to. It can also teach them responsibility. Summer projects are supposed to be fun for the students and when teachers tell them how to, they aren't going to want to do it.

Students have creative minds. They all think and learn differently. When students are able to be creative with something they enjoy doing it. Being creative is a big thing kids need in life that's how new ideas come out because people are thinking creatively. When teachers tell them how they want it done there's no room for their creativity. Children need to show how creative they can be in their own way.

Students have different needs, different strengths, different interests. Some might like writing an essay others might like using pictures to express about their summer. Everyone is different, their projects should be different also. If a student wants to make a PowerPoint about their summer they should, or a student might want to write a paper about it. Students should be able to do whatever they want with their projects. Teachers telling them how to do it, students aren't gonna want to do it.

Having a long term project like a summer project can show students how to be more responsible about it. Students will learn to keep up with their things and manage their time with the project and other activities. Teaching children responsibility at a young age will increase their chances of being responsible as they get older. It can also teach them how to manage time between things they need to do and things they wants to do.

Students need to do their own projects without guild lines or a certain way to do it. Students need to be creative and be able to express in a way their comfortable with and a way they like doing it. They also need to learn to take responsibility for their own things instead of teachers hovering over them making sure thier doing it right. Teachers should sit back and let the students do their project how they want not what the teachers want. 