Students having the option to have distance learning would only be great for students who are responsible and cable of keeping up with their assignments. Distance learning is beneficial to students because they won't have to worry about getting up early to go to school and also, don't have to worry about that amount of time they have in class to finish an assignment. Taking online classes gives the student more freedom to expand their thinking while having their own space at home.

A way that distance learning benefits students is not having to wake up at 6 or 7 am in the morning to go to school. Some kids don't show their full attention in school because they're not a morning person. Having to wake up in the morning and sit in a classroom for 2 hours is uncomfortable. For example, I'm not the type of student that can sit in a classroom for 2 hours or more and listen to a teacher talk. I would, prefer to move around and also eat while i'm doing my work that makes me feel more focus. But, in high school your not allowed to randomly get up and walk around it would make the teacher feel unsafe or the students. Waking up at 9 to 10 is a good time to start your online classes because you had enough time to wake up shower , eat and that most important part is that you dont have worry about what clothes your going to wear to school.

Another reason that distance learning is beneficial to students is because as high school students is not really easy to keep up with a teacher. when they're teaching a lesson with 28 more students in the classroom that probably already understood the assignments. There are some teachers are just not the type to go back and repeat their self. For example, When a student miss class it feels like you missed a whole quarter. The teacher is not going to explain the whole lesson to 1 student she would simply say check online for the assignment. This is an example of why students would prefer to take online classes because theres no way a student can be absent. Student can walk around anywhere with their computer or phone and simply pull up the school work and start doing it on their free time.

Some students would say its better to come to school, meet people and have the high school experiences. Although it sounds fun. Theres still students that would prefer being home and getting their work down at home then being in school dealing with drama or extra assignments. Theres students who would rather focus on online classes and finish them and also have a part time job on the side to help them pay for their colleges.

In conclusion, distance learning is an advantage to students who are proactive and for students who learn better on their own. Having to do your school work online and especially at home makes it feel more comfortable. Its also helping students get ready for the real world when they have to take home assignments from work and make sure to stay focus.     