The Facial Action Coding System is one of the new technologies of this century that is very complex and futuristic. It uses algorithims and muscle knowledge to discern the emotion of people in reality, photos, and other facial sources as well. The system can calculate how much you're happy, sad, suprised, and angry. Knowing other people's emotions is a great tool and can be used in many different situations. This new technology is good for a lot of things, and being used in a classroom is one of them.

Students need to be focused and engaged at all times in the classroom because if they are neither engaged, nor focused then they will struggle with learning new things and excelling in and out of the classroom. A computer in a class constantly scanning students' faces could become a distraction, but it would solve more problems than it could create. These days students are more vulnerable to distractions, and there are a lot of uncontrollable factors they are standing against. Some do not get enough sleep, some do not get enough to eat, and some do not have good health, whether that be mentally, socially, emotionally, or physically. These factors can take a toll on their ability to focus and be receptive to new information being taught in the classroom. They easily can become "confused or bored"(D'alto 6) or even distracted in a class, but if there was a way to track the behaviors that coincide with those emotions then it would be easier to assist the students. With the computer scanning their faces students emotions would be much more clear, and, as D'alto said in paragraph 6, the needed adjustments could be made to help students pay attention so they can learn.

Many teachers find it hard to keep their lesson plans exciting and engaging because of their lack of resources, but with this computer it would be easy to recieve real feedback from students emotions on what they like and dislike. Moreover, even though the computer might present itself as a distraction in the beginning over time it would become a useful tool for the classroom, and be a huge asset for both students and teachers. 