Phones & Driving

Over the years, phones have developed to be an important thing in our life. Phones are apart of our everyday lives and sometimes we think we can't live without. We are afraid that we will miss something important if we don't use our phones, we must use our phones all the time even if it means putting ours lives in danger. In this essay, I will be talking about why nobody should use their phone in any way while operating a vehicle.

Now a days, it is very tempting to use your phone any opportunity you get. Especially if you're in a vehicle and the vehicle comes to a red light. However, under any circumstances you shouldn't touch your phones because of the many dangers it can cause. Smartphones have a lot of new features to insure nobody uses their phone behind the wheel. Iphone's have a do not disturb while driving feature that was introduced last year. The feature silences/limits phones calls and text messages and you will not see the notifications until you have reached your destination. The feature automatically turns on when your phones detects that you might be driving.

There are many dangers to using your phone behind the wheel. Cell phone use while driving has become a leading cause of vehicle crashes over the last two decades. One of the dangers of your using your phone while driving is not being completely focused on the road. When you are not completely focused on the road, you can miss a lot of things. You can miss things like other cars turning, cars trying to enter you same lane.

Anybody any age can be tempted to use their cellphone while driving. According to the teensdriversource. org, In 2017 the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 3,166 were killed in 2,935 distraction- affected crashes. Accounting for 9 percent of all fatal crashes in the United States. The best way to avoid using your phone while driving is texting or calling anybody that you may think may contact you and tell them that you are about to drive and will get back to them when you arrive at your destination. Connect your phone to the car Bluetooth and use the buttons on the steering wheels to change the music or radio. Also set your phone inside the glove compartment so you won't be tempted to touch your phone in anyway.

In conclusion, I believe that anybody any age shouldn't be use their phone while operating any vehicle. It can cause many dangerous things. Not only to you but to others also. Always remember that everybody's life is important including yours. So the text/call can wait intill after you arrive.         