Education has traditionally been in a classroom environment, usually with a teacher or educator helping students learn by explaining and showing examples of problems. As the use of technology becomes more widespread, so does its use in the classroom, with computers and projectors as prime examples. Given that education is the foundation of many cultures and civilizations, it is important that students are provided the tools necessary for them to learn all that they desire. Distance learning, however, is counter intuitive and takes away a lot of the tools used by students and teachers. Attending classes from home would not benefit students in learning and comprehending what they are taught.

Distance learning would not benefit students because it relies on the individual being able to be more independent than they would normally be in a traditional classroom. A staple of successful education is having peers and extra resources to help answer questions as well as provide a different viewpoint of a topic. If a student is struggling while video conferencing with a teacher, the teacher can only provide a certain amount of help; the student would not be able to ask his desk buddy, as they would be alone at home. Meanwhile, in a classroom, there are many students who struggle initially yet can rely on their teacher, peers, after school help, and online resources that the institution has to offer.

Another reason distance learning is not reliable is because there is a barrier of communication. At the minimum, a computer is needed to access the website or call the educator. Not every student has access to a computer as frequently as needed. Students with computers have to ensure that it does not break and a stable connection is upheld, which can never be guaranteed. A simple water spill can damage the computer, and students would be without access to schooling until they acquire a new way to access the learning module or have to enroll in an institution anyways, which renders online courses useless at that point.

Finally, a very important aspect of going to school every morning is being held accountable. With the idea of distance learning, another necessary factor is that the student will do the work assigned to them. If the student is left home after his parents leave for work, nothing is stopping them from simply not logging on to their learning module that day. Contrary to what most children in an institution may say, most of them would not be as happy as they are if they did not attend school. Students wake up in the morning to go to school because there are safeguards making sure they do, such as parents being able to check grades, friends who can only be seen at school and persuade them to come, and school regulations requiring a certain attendance to graduate.

Traditional classroom settings and institutions of learning already have well-documented systems that account for any gaps in the learning process. Distance learning relies on multiple factors that cannot always be controlled, such as individual knowledge, access to a reliable computer, and accountability. It is counter intuitive because it allows the same problems that traditional institutions have fixed to be exploited again. There have been countless generations who have learned without the online aspect, and it is obvious society does not rely upon distance learning as it only became available recently. Student education and comprehension should be prioritized, and distance learning will not benefit students nor help them learn as well as they can.