I believe that seeking multiple opinions can help one make a better decision or to handle the situation better. Have you ever had a difficult time deciding on which decision to make? Couldn't decide what gift to buy? How to settle a problem? Usually when a person searches for a gift they ask them self if the receiver would like it or not, or maybe they ask their friends if they would think the recipient would enjoy it. When a person goes shopping, most people ask which item would be the better deal if they were to buy or if it will of any use to the user. By asking for multiple opinions an individual will be able to receive additional information, different opinions, and obtaining different answers.

An option they can receive after gaining a second opinion, is being able to compare the options that have been received. By being able to analyze second option(s), he or she can compare it to their own and check off the different pros and cons. When sorting out the differences that each option had been criticized, one can check which option would suit the issue better. By doing so, they'd be able to use or add to the original choice, and create a better result for the problem. This method can help most handle the situation for a more positive result and can benefit the person(s) who tries this.

Secondly, the person can receive different information on the topic. By receiving new additional advice or information, they can save it when they need it later on for future situations, or if they are giving advice to someone else. When receiving more information on the situation at hand, you can come to have a better understanding or to be privy to something that you did not know. Usually after learning something new your opinion or thoughts might change. So if you are able to obtain new information from multiple opinions, then your thought on the matter might change based on what you believe or now understand.

Going with the idea of receiving new information, an individual can come to have a better understanding of the situation and obtaining new answers. Like the saying "You cannot preach what you do not understand," you cannot handle a problem that you don't fully understand. By having a stronger understanding of the situation, they'll able to confidently explain why it was chosen as the response. By receiving new answers to the problem, among them a person will eventually find an agreeable answer or When receiving new answers, the variety of answers may vary delivering many new options to mind.

In conclusion,

I believe that seeking multiple opinions can help one make a better decision or to handle the situation better. The multiple opinions received can help you obtain different answers, information, and being able to compare the options given. Receiving multiple views and opinions can make the response stronger, confident, and lead to a beneficial outcome. So next time you struggle to decide an option, try seeking a second opinion.