Switching Sides

Have you ever heard of the man on the moon? Well Mars has a similar thing. They both ,at the time, had formations that looked like human faces. Some think it was made by aliens or some other superior being. However, the reality of it is that its just a natural formation that looks like a face. That part can be nocked out when you zoom up on it. The lines and basic formation of the mesa,the face, are too natural to be made by an intelligent species. Finally, if there was some marks or sign that it was created by aliens it would have shown up on the image due to the high resolution. We are looking farther then we should with this natural formation.

At the moment the most recent picture from 2001 completly exterminates any facial recognition. You can see natural lines that run across the mesa and the higher elevation of certian areas. The eyes are just a steep hill that geos to the top. While the mouth seemingly isn't even there anymore. You can see the worn away parts indicating that its been there for quite awhile. The shadows aren't even there at the time which creates the distictive features. It bearly even looks like a face anymore.

I was talking about the NATURAL lines that appear on the mesa. The lines on the mesa are to distictive to be created. If something made it they would have wanted smooth edges as well as an even ditch. If they tried to recreate the natural look it would have looked faulty and unbeliveable. The species would have completly deformed the hill exposing its true colors. Also what reason would they have for creating a random face with the possibility of no one ever seeing it. There is no point to it.

Finally, the final reason for it not being alien-made is if there was marking on the mesa giving reason to believe it was created be aliens they would have been shown. If any wierd symbols showed up on the screen we would have seen it and still release the image. Why would we hide this from the world if it would increase the amount of funding we get from companies. You can study the image for hours, but not find a single symbol anywere on the image. The camera would have picked it up and we would have studied it.

The mesa was not created by aliens if only looks that way to us because are minds are hardwired to find faces. Its much easier to remember a face rather than a name. Everything about the image is natural it wasn't put there for some unnoticable reason that we can't comprehend. It just existis thats all... nothing more nothing less. No aliens had anything to do with this mesa. 