Imagine a world with driverless cars,how choaic would that be? Driverless cars should not be devolped and or enhanced further than they have been already. One major idea that could be unreasonable to owning and selling driverless cars would be the cost. Second, we have the law and accidents that still we be involved with these machines. Lastly the safe concerns and the alertness of a human driver in the car.

To conduct a project this big there has to be a large amount of money involved. They are still doing test on these computer driven cars, which means there has to be money coming from some where. Where would this money come from? If the car manufactours have the idea of driverless cars as big as they plan money will play a huge role in it. The article says that the cars may not be as driverless as we would assume, so it would outragous to buy a car that was over priced to do a few extra things a normal car would not normally do.

Safety is a huge concern when talking about these type of "smart" cars. " We have to interpret driving the driving fun in a new way" Says Dr. Werner Huber a BMW project manager driver. Driving should not be fun, driving should be about staying as safe as possible and getting to where you need to be. Some manufacturers talk about using "heads-up display" where displays such as a movie playing would turn off when the car required the human driver to talle over. Living in the twenty-first century many people know that technology can malfunction and could crash at any giving moment.

If a law is broken who is to blame for it? The car or the human inside that is relying on the car to not malfunction? If the laws on traffic do change new laws will be set in their place. There would need to be laws about libility in case the smart car does malfucntion. With that being said using a smart car could cause a lot of attention if there was an accident involving one. A good thing about the cars would be that to sale them they would need to be covered by the manufactors. So if they could fix all the bugs as of right now and get laws passed about safety these typer of cars would not be a terrible idea.

Is the world with driverless cars something that is really a good idea? The cost will be an on going problem, atleast until they started selling at a good rate. As well as the accidents and safety involved with the using or testing a driverless car.

Many laws and insurence would have to change and be made for these types of cars and would take some time. As is the driverless cars should not be produced further. If there was more testing and promised insurence and safety along with the car it would be more realistic.         