Imagine being able to wake up and not rush to go to school. Some schools are now offering students the option to learn from home. Although you can meet many new friends at school, you may not even get to see those friends at school. Students would benefit from taking classes at home because they can learn at their own pace, they do not have to worry about bullies, and allows more free time.

Students can learn at their own pace at home. Some students are ahead of the curve and always finish their work early. This would allow those students to get ahead and perhaps even skip a grade. On the other end some students work slower than others and are always behind in class. This would allow those students to have more time to learn and get their work done. Learning at home would really help students who are behind and students who are ahead because it would allow them to work at their own pace.

Another benefit from learning at home would be students would not have to worry about being bullied. Some students are scared to go to school each morning. They are scared they will get picked on or get beat up. Some students spend more time worried about bullies than their actual work. But, if students could learn from home it would completely eliminate the opportunity to get bullied.

Learning at home would allow students more free time. Giving students the option to finish all of their work in three to four hours would be really good. Students would be very motivated to finish their work so they can hang out with friends, play or xbox, or just be lazy around the house. If you work hard enough you can finish all of the work assigned in school in a pretty short amount of time. But, when you are at school you have to be there that seven hours no matter what.

In conclusion, taking classes at home would greatly benefit many students. This would allow students more free time, it would prevent bullies, and it would allow them to work at their own pace. To help all students you need to ask your local principals if they will ever consider giving students the chance of working from home.