The artical "Driverless Cars Are Coming" I'm am against the cars, because the car doesn't seem driverless if you still someone in the driver seat and at times you also still have to control the car. I feel as if, it was to be driverless no one would need to be included in the driver seat, unless the car is needed to be parked into a store parkinglot and if it was so driverless it still wouldn't need anyone to park the car into a parking lot. I feel as if Google, wanted better votes on the car they should out a little more effort into getting it to become more of a driverless car, without needing anyone to be in the driver seat or worrying about getting into any wreaks.

I would probably agree with the car if they knew who to blame a wreak on. Because, if your not incontrol of the car and just so happens the car starts to get out of control when you tried to turn the heat on but pressed the wrong button by accident. Is it the car owners fault or is it the manufactors fault for having another button by the heat and air conditioner? I feel as if the car would be safer if driverless cars had there a special road built for them, but the cost of that would be a over then a million dollars. i would agree with the driverless cars if thy had a road buildt just for the,m to drive on.

More reasons to why I don't agree with the driverless car is because, the car should be able to navigate it's self through roadwroks and they didn't really give much detail into the car and it not being able to fuction with the road work, baking out of drive ways and accidents. The article didn't explain much about the car it self, does the car take gas or will it be an electrical car.

I feel as if the car was to be electrical it would probably get more votes than what the car is getting now. I feel as if the car should be updated in many ways as in being able to drive no matter the condintion of the road. The article also didn't include if the car could drive through any type of weather. If the car was to slide on ice and crash into a pole whos fault it be the car owners fault or manfactors fault?

Positive things about the artical "Driverless Cars Are Coming" is that the cars have been driven more than half a million miles without a crash. Another thing is that in article it tells the reader about without the option of smarter roads, manufactors turned to smarter cars. I feel as both could of happened in a way and I feel that if we have smarter roads , manufactors wouldn't really have to worry about accidents happening or have to worry about the driver int eh car taking over in cause of a tight situation.

I feel the car would be a success because of the sensors the car has, i feel that with sensos on the car manufactors wuldn't have to worry about the car getting into wreaks, and i feel as if the car would be able to drive through raods that are being worked on. Another positive thing about the driverless cars is that they are willing to make new laws for the car.