There is a debate about the opportunity offered by the schools for the students who live far, to receive classes without going to the school by way of online or video conferencing. Some people believe that the best way to learn is going to the school independently if the student live close or far and participating with more students in the classes. Other people believe that no matter on what way you receive a class, you always have the opportunity to learn something new. I believe giving the opportunity to students that live far from the schools can take the classes by way of online or video conferencing is a great way to learn, because the student can pay more attention being alone, if the student have questions the teacher can answer them easily, and the student do not have to waist time going to the school just for one class.

First reason why I believe giving the opportunity to students that live far from the schools can take the classes by way of online or video conferencing is a great way to learn because the student can pay more attention. Sometimes when you are in a classroom with more than 20 students is really hard focusing on what the teacher is talking about, because there are always some students who really like to make fun of the teacher, laugh with other students, interrupt the class with questions like "can I use the restroom?", and in someway you cannot even take notes; but when you are at home, all by yourself, without any distracction you can really be sure that you are paying atenttion and taking notes.

Second reason why I believe giving the oportunity to students that live far from the schools can take the classes by way of online or video conferencing is a great way to learn because if the student have questions the teacher can answer them easily. For example, lets say that you are in a classroom with a bunch of students, each of them have differents questions about the class, and the teacher said that he is going to answer each question by alphabetical order, unfortunately, your las name is "Generic_Name". In this case one of the best way to get that question answer as soon as possible, is having a conference class between you and the teacher.

Third and last reason why I believe giving the oportunity to students that live far from the schools can take the classes by way of online or video conferencing is a great way to learn because the student do not have to waist time going to the school just for one class. There are some cases where a student just have one class every day; what if this student live half an hour away from the school, it would be way more easy if this student can take all his classes in two days online, also, this can be a great oportunity to have a job while you are studying.

In conclusion, the opportunity offered by the schools for the students who live far, to receive classes without going to the school by way of online or video conferencing is so great, beacuse the student can pay more attention being alone, if the student have questions the teacher can answer them easily, and the student do not have to waist time going to the school just for one class. So, this opportunity offered by the schools to give this type of classes can motivate each student that live far to not excuse themselves to not finish a class, also, each school that do not have this classes should considered create them.     