Technology has helped bring more information get out to those who would otherwise not be able to get. Any information you need you can now get in a blink of an eye right from your own home. Knowing this, students would benefit greatly from online learning classes. These classes would provide students with a more convenient way of learning everything they need to know, while not having to make the trip out there to the learning facility. This makes learning a lot easier for the kids to get to. One time my car wasn't working so i couldn't get to school at all, so i missed out on a whole day of learning and just like that, i was behind. Video chat should also be made available for those who can't make it to school because they are sick, injured, or plain out can't make it.

A major issue that everyone deals with at some point in their life is a lack of sleep. Kids nowadays aren't getting enough sleep but with classes like these, they don't have to wake up as early to ride the bus or to drive to school. Many of them show up to school feeling sluggish and that prevents them from learning to their full ability. Often times, people get sent to detention or get in trouble with their teacher for sleeping when they feel too tired to stay awake. They stay awake almost all night working on school work, then have to wake up extra early so they can get to school without missing the bus. I have found myself staying up working on projects late at night so i can maintain a good grade in the class. Without having to wake up early to get to school on time, students get that extra hour of sleep that they need in order to have the ability to learn.

When students leave something at home, unless a parent or guardian can bring it to school, it is there until you get back home after the end of the school day. I have left projects at my house before and no one was able to get it, for that reason, i got a fifty on a major grade and it destroyed my grade. Such online classes you never have to worry about leaving anything at home since you won't leave your house. With more access to materials, kids can do whatever is needed for an assignment rather than having to sit at school doing nothing because you don't have the necessary tools. I have seen so many students that, in a rush to get to school, have forgotten basic things such as a pencil, to even bigger things, such as their binder. Those who struggle with memory issues, such as myself, are put at a disadvantage when it comes to leaving something at home. With the help of technology you will struggle to forget upcoming assignments based on how many notifications that can be sent out to you.

In a single household, there are so many distractions that could take someone away from what they are trying to do or what they are trying to learn. Even while doing something productive, like homework or cleaning my room, i find myself getting distracted by the things that entertain me. I have missed many homework assignments due to that fact alone. With so many distractions in the common household, many will find it hard to even go attend the online classes or discussions. they will find themselves playing video games or sports, for the same reasons i do. With so much to do in the world, it's hard to try and make a few hours out of your life for the education you need since you only wanna have fun at a young age. Most every student would struggle to keep the determination required to learn from an online class.

Online classes is the new age of learning for those who have trouble in a classroom environment. no longer will people have to struggle and live in fear about the school day due to fatigue. video chat has changed a whole perspective on learning, you get to talk to your fellow students or professor whenever you want. It has made learning so much more convenient for students instead of a long trip out to school early in the morning. Technology has the opportunity to change how we think of education as a whole and open up a new opportunity for those who need it. Online classes and video conferencing is an amazing idea and should be made available to students all around the United States. 