Everybody wants and needs advice sometimes, whether its once a day or a once a year. People who want advice, tend to talk to more than one person. There are lots of reasons why people ask for more than one persons advice whether its for more options and opinions, to feel stronger about what you are choosing, or to have more input and better view on the choice you are making.

When asking for advice, and you ask just one person, it is limited to just what that person said. If you ask more than one person, you can get more opinions and talk to more people and see what they think is right or wrong. Hearing other peoples opinions can change what you where going to choose and have a better take on what you are asking for. If you ask one person however, you do not get as much input and may choose the wrong thing. Asking more people can help you learn what the rights and wrongs are.

If you ask someone for advice and you do not feel so sure about what they told you, ask more and more people. If most of them say the same way than you will most likely feel stronger about what they are telling you to do. You also will have more reason to believe you are right. Even if you do, get different answers from other people, you should tell them what you think about it and it may change their mind.

You can get a better view on what you are asking for if you ask multiple people. More people, more opinions. That is good, getting more opinions can make you more sure about what you are choosing. If you don't fully understand what you are asking for asking more people can give you a better grasp on just what you are asking. On the other hand, it may make you more confused too.

Although, it may be hard to make a choice, asking more than one person can help. You can understand what you are asking a lot better, feel more confident about what you are choosing and, have more opinions and options. All these things can narrow down your choice and make it easier to make. Next time you need help with making a big choice, ask a few people. 