It is better to get advice from multiple people about something because everyone is different which means they could have experienced it differently. You will get different responses when you ask for advice and it can help you open your eyes more about the situation. It is a lot better to get advice from more than one person because of those reasons. Hearing about multiple opinions from different people can help you think about the situation more clearly.

Getting advice from others is better when they have gone through the same thing already so they understand what it's like and what to do about it, while the ones who don't understand could give you the wrong advice. And it's okay to get advice sometimes because a certain situation can stress you out and you would not know what to do. You should not get stressed about a situation because it can be bad for you so it is easier to get help from others because no one should have to deal with stress and no one should feel alone either.

Everyone always needs a little bit of help sometimes and that is okay because it can be really hard to have to do things alone all the time. Getting advice from others who have been through the same thing can prevent you from making mistakes and regretting it later and it can make your life a whole lot easier as well. Asking for advice can help ease your stress, fix the issue, and continue to focus on what you need to do.

It is also good to ask for advice about things and it helps you open up to people. Open up to close friends or family members because they care about you a lot and they would really love to help you out. There are lots of people who really care about you and would do anything for you in a heart beat. So it's really good for you to open up to others and tell them about what you are dealing with and how you feel about it and it creates a bond between you and the other person which is good too.

No one should be or feel alone because it can make them feel like they can not ask for help. It is good to open up to people a lot because it makes them feel like they can open up to you as well. Always get advice from those who are very very close to you because if they are not, they could probably give you bad advice and then you would end up making mistakes because of them.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          