I argue in favor of changing the election by popular vote for the president of the united states. in source 2 it states "According to a gallup poll in 2000 taken shortly after Al gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost in the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." So, when it comes to voting, i can say that i haven't done it; well, not for the presidential elections atleast, but knowing that when i am able to do so, my vote wouldn't really make a difference when it came down to who actually won the election, well, i'd rather just not vote in the first place. This is america; a free country; a place where we have the right to vote, so the fact that our votes dont really have that much influence on who we want to be the leader of our country, defies the whole idea of democracy.

Now, dont get me wrong, i know that the electoral college exists for a reason, according to source 1, it says "The founding fathers established it in the constitution as a comprimise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens." Which makes complete sense, and people should know their rights and all of the information about voting. But times have changed and people want to be involved now more then ever so when you give them a paper and tell them to pick who they want as their leader, they want their opinion to matter and to make a difference which i know that in some aspect, it does influence the outcome to a certain degree, but the electors votes still have the power to overthrow the rest of the united states citizens no matter how large the percentage of the popular vote is.

In source 3, its states, "The electoral college is widely regarded as an anachronism, a non- democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be [overruled] by declaring the candidate who recieves the most popular votes the winner. The advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the electoral college method is not democratic in a modern sense... it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. When you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate electors." Americas government is still developing in order to fit modern times in many different ways, so the fact that the electoral process is still used today makes it hard for us to grow as a country.    