Limiting your car use could be a great way to enjoy nature and life. Walking is a great way to work out. Even riding a bike around your city, or town is a great way to work out. Some advantages of not using a car is that you don't have to worry about getting in to a car wreck, you don't have to smoke up your area with all the carbon dioxide that comes out of your car, and you actually work out for once. Limiting your car usage will have you not in a hurry. Heidrun Walter said, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way".  She feels that not using a car would make her feel better.

Cars are just a waste, I see that in the future there is going to be like a lot of over weight people. No one hardly work out nowadays. Just get in the car and go somewhere instead of walking around the block. It's going to be the real version of "Wal-E" where the earth is full of trash and everyone is going to live on a spaceship and their all over weight.

Being in a car will pollute your city so fast if everyone around had a car. As it says in the article, "[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world". It is that way because a whole lot of people live there and almost everyone has a car over there in the two cities. Using a car will only make things better for the people and for the environment.

"BOGOTA, Colombia... millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets o fthis capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams." This excerpt from the article explains some of the advantages of not using a car. All of them sound joyful. Hiking, Biking, Skating and no traffic jams? This sounds like a field day in the city. What could go wrong with all of these delightful activites goin on?

The excerpt clearly says that without cars you could have multiple and multiple things to do besides being lazy. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," - Carlos Arturo Plaza. Less stress and lower air pollution, I think that's the best combination of all. New york even has a bike-sharing program so you could ride your bike all over its city. Wow ! sounds like a deal to me.

Not using a car is a great way to be yourself and do something with your life and to help others. No one likes pollution, and no one wants to be out of shape. As said by Carlos, he's stress free from cars. There's multiple sources out there that you could join and be apart of without having a car. The United States people are not using cars as much now, and all over the world people are starting programs to stop car usage. Without cars I believe that the world would be a better and healthier place.    