Dear Senator,

I don't think that we should keep the Electoral College because I truly believe that as the people of our country, we should have the freedom to vote for whom we think best fits the role of our president. I'll tell you why.

I have read this passage about three times in a row and I've gotten a better understanding of how the Electoral College works. I can understand an opinion that thinks the Electoral College is great and I'm sure it's a little less complicated and such but it's not quite fair to certain people in small states, etc. There are people who don't even see a point in voting now because they know that their vote will most likely not matter. As stated in

Source 3: In Defense of the Eletoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President,

paragraph 23,

"

It can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a canidate who has no hope of carrying their state--Democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California. Knowing thier vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote..

"

I strongly disagree with people in our country feeling this way. We are together as a country. Everyone's votes should matter. We are all here as one. People will have less and less interest in voting and we will go nowhere. I believe that the people should fully understand the process and not only that. Understand who is about to become president. In the country that we the people live in. Know this persons values, are they worthy? Know the lengths that they will go for our people. People should not feel that because they're in a small state, their vote doesn't matter. It should not be this way. I do believe that voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election but don't you think that everyone should be involved and that everyone should be informed or even have an opinion on what is about to happen? I feel that there are some people who are not fully understanding the system. As said in

Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong,

paragraph 10,

"

Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for [John] Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry.

"

Do the people even know who these electors are? Who picks them anyways? I understand that it depends on the state but do they know that? I also read that voters can not always control whom their electors vote for. Also that sometimes, voters get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong canidate. This is what I mean by people not fully understanding.

This is just my opinion followed by some evidence and explanation. Maybe you could see from my point of view and anyone who has a similar one.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME            