Is it a good thing to seek for multiple opinions? Does it help someone make a better choice? Well today I will be answering those questions for you. In my opinion I think it does help you because it allows you to hear more answers, it lets you open your mind to more opinions/perceptions, and to reflect on how you can use opinions from others for good choices in life.

When asking people about their opinion you need to realize that you get more opinions to choose from then just your own. This is a good thing though because then you get to choose which one influences you and benefits you the most for when you make a choice. Also if you don't like any of the opinions you get, This helps make your own opinion by knowing which ones you do not agree with. Lets just say you ask your dad and mom for there opinion but you like both of their ideas even know they are different from each others. The good thing about that situation is having more opinions always allows you to create one big opinion that has multiple ideas not just one single opinion in it. The reason why I think this helps make good life choices is because you know you have more than one route to choose from when you have more opinions.

But we can't forget about how much this opens your mind! Having your own opinion is good, but its also great to understand many people opinions and perceptions too because it can change everything about what you think or hear which also changes your opinion most the time. The more opinions you get from other people, the more it changes you over time. Remember that some people might have a different opinions than you, but you should understand the reason why before judge them because everyone is allowed to have their own opinions.

How can opinions help me make good choices in the future you might ask? It can help you in many ways like what collage do I want to go, where is a healthy place to eat, what am I good at, and many others. To make sure I can answer those questions, I need to make sure I have a solid but open minded opinion. Thats why its a good thing to ask for multiple opinions because the people you ask mostly have experienced what your going through right now.

I believe getting multiple opinions to help you make good choices in life is a amazing idea because it gives you more answers in life, it opens your mind up to others different perceptions of their opinions, and you can choose on how you can use opinions to benefit you in life!