Have you ever wish to learn at home? or in your bed? Well with online or video conferences you can, but many people would think that is a bad idea. Would students benefit on the online classses? Yes they would and not only them; this will be also benefitial for others because it will be less tressfull, new objectives could come out of it, and more sleep. Taking online courses would benefit to everyone, but only if it's use correctly and responsible.

One of the reasons of why students should take online classes is because is less stress in their student's lifes. Stress can be dangerous to people and students. They are getting more stress in school for many reasons, waking up early, going on time to take the bus even in cold days, or if the student drive he has to check for trafic, taking classes with different teachers, and many more just in school high school; students are just teenagers that are starting high school. This is the most important steps in their lifes, and with the online classes they can leave those other worries and focus more on their studies, and this can be done with the online courses. They don't have to worry about going late to school, or waking up early they have the access they need in their computer.

Another reason why would be a good idea to take online classes is that new objectives can come out of it for example. Saving more the natural environment, the students would have to use less their cars or have to take public transportation; all of this liberates pollution which is a problem now in days. More jobs for the other teachers, with the only courses they need teachers if the students wants to have some kind of personal teacher to teach them, this can create more jobs for the teachers, and the teacher can also teach from their homes; this not only benefit the students it also benefit the teachers. This can be also open new ways of learning one example is, if the teahcer is sick, but would still want to work to make money to pay their debts. This can allow the interaction with the student without the worry of getting them sick. The more use of technology, as the new geration comes and new technologies are invented we have to get use them in every way possible, and start with the use of our technology that we have in hand like computer, cell phones and new technologies that can benefit all of us.

One of many reasons why would be a good idea to use online classes is that we would get more sleep. As simple it sound this is a problem in many schools were they have students sleeping in their classes. This is creating a problem between the students ,and the teachers were some situation the teachers are also tired from grading homeworks, or staying at school late for work or an event; however, with the online classes the students and the teachers can make a schedule in which they can agree with. Many people could said that is easy to solve such a problem, and will be for the students to sleep early or don't work so late, but either way this keep going and many students fall sleep at their classes especially in the first two. This is one of many reason why this will be a good idea for students to use online courses.

Why would be a good idea for students to use online classes? Well it be a good idea for students to use online programs that help them with their studies which can, release stress, new way of using the technology, and help more students to get them more sleep. This are great things to considerate; however, this also have their down sides like less work for bus drivers, less students going to work or more lazyness for students that don't get out of their rooms to do some exercise, bur either way not everything has only good or bad ideas just that we have to know how to use them.