Most people were raised on fairness; what everybody wants. So shouldn't voting be the same way? Thats why America should have popularity voting because electoral voting is unconstitutional, it doesn't give little states a say so and it's plain unfair.

First of all, Popularity voting should be the way we vote because it's constitutional. Abraham Lincoln once stated that "this is a nation for the people, by the people, and from the people"; its part of the constitution. Also, this is one nation under god and the almighty father believes in fairness; wouldn't you agree the people deserve a say so? Popularity voting allows the people to show what they support instead of electorals not serving the people justice. Electoral voting allows segergation because some states don't get a say so, but the question is aren't we one nation? The constitution says all men are equal;so what makes a man in California better than a man in North Carolina? So that's one strike for electoral voting.

Furthermore, popularity voting gives little states a say so. Did you know that small states like Rhode Island, South Carolina, and other 15 states sometimes don't get to see candidates? It's unfair that electoral voting only aims for states with high electoral voting. Popularity voting will change that giving little states a say so will heighten the ratio and maybe change the outcome. Popularity voting allows small states to put their opinion in on who they want as president because they are part of the country as well. Electoral treats smalll states like they don't matter and it's time to change that; Electoral voting now has two strikes.

Finally, popularity voting is just fair. Everyone born in America was born into the land of the free, land of the equal, land of the brave, so why shouldn't voting be like that? Everyone deserves the right to pick who they want to represent them, and if not its abusing their rights. Popularity voting is the clear choice because electoral voting is unfair, they obstrain your rights and your freedom of speech; you deserve to say who you want in office. They rather put you on mute and say you don't matter; we have to stand up. Electoral voting that was your last straw.

In conclusion, America should have popularity voting because electoral voting is unconstitutional, it doesn't give little states a say so and it's plain unfair. Also popularity voting is now the most popular voting style. We as Americans are tired of being treated unfairly and we are sticking to our national slogan; three strikes your out so good-bye electoral voting.    