A lot of ideas come right to me when I think about having C average and I think children should not be able to play because this will teach them responsibility,

and they might pull up there grades if they really wanted to play, and they will pull up the grade and have the school be represented with high quality students.

Responsibility is something so many kids in schools do not understand yet. They need to know that in a couple of years they will have college and things will get really difficult. We need our children to understand that their grades will ruin them if they do not try to do their best at school. Education is so important, one mistake can destroy a person. Children might think that having a B average is hard but if they really want to play a sport I know that every person can do It .

Students every year get held back because of low grades and the conduct. Having only A and B average students play sports and other activities. This will teach students with lower average than at least a B that they need to show that they can do a whole lot better and raise there grades up to the standard to play. A lot of kids think they can get away with playing sports while there grades are below what we want them to be and if we prevent them from having to much power they will see that they can not be able to do something they cherish and love.

Possibly parents and students do not care about what their child has on report cards, but I am guarantied that our school and school systems care. We do not want a school to look bad and show bad examples for others. Principals like to have compliments that they get from others about how great they run the school and the high quality averages. Schools get to feel special if the kids work hard. They might get to go somewhere or be represented and show what they got and know.

Students, parents, grandparents, teachers and especially principals, need to show kids what they are capable of doing and how important it is for them, their schools and for others that will look at you and your steps and examples. This is why I think principals should have a no lower than a B average for sports and activities. Students will have responsibility, raise their grades up, and have their schools appreciated by the high education and grades they get.      