Students are beneficial for being able to attend classes from home because:

Bullying

Personal Problems

Disease

One of the reasons students are beneficial for being able to take classes at home are bullying;

bullying is one of the bigger problem in all school in the world; for attend to classes at home the students that suffered bullying at school now have a way to being able to take classes and at the same time not suffer bullying at school. The students that suffer bullying at the end they will have collateral damage that affect directly on his life, sometimes the suffer of the bullying cause a bunch of students ends their life for bullying, others ends with psychological problems cause by bullying.

All person have problems, some have problems with the law, others with persons, everyone have their own problems; but for students is not different, all students have their own problems with drugs, police, at home and other at school. Students reflect their problems with their actions and the things they do on their lives, all schools have that type of students, some use drugs in school, others try to be the bad guy of the school and is normal because all of that are just excuses for their problems, inclusive there are some students that want to be at school all day for not go back to home, that type of students think that school are the only save place they have away from home but for others is different they don't want to be in school because they have problems with other students or teachers and they want to stay away of all problems and the only place they have is at home and that is why they choose to have distance learning.

Students also have legal problems, not all of the students of any country are legal, some have problems with their residential status, others have problems with their papers because their some countries that have families that came from another country and don't have anything that make their status legal. Students also makes mistakes that cause their freedom, like stealing food or money because their are poor or don't have anything to eat, others start do everything for have money, escape from school, start sell drugs or something that can change their lives like start to kill people for money.

every student had something to deal with and others just are lucky because they had everything money, family and one mom & dad or both that are there every time is needed for his child, but not all students had the same lucky on their lives.

The last reason that why is beneficial to have distance learning is for students how has disease, some students have disease like don't walk, don't talk and other things are the most taking distance learning because with distance learning the school can find a special teacher that can help the student on their process to learn, study and prepare for the future. Some students with disease came to school and have their special class and other take normal classes, but the major part of those students stay and home and do the distance learning for their save and protection.

Distance Learning is not just about school, learn and prepare for the future. Distance learning is the way some school had to save students and let they choose if they want to came to the school or stay in home taking classes.

Students how are taking distance learning are students with different types of problems, some of those problems are bullying, distance learning keeps that students away for the bullying and for every problem the student has on school. That is why is beneficial for students being able to take distance learning.