Students do benefit from being able to participate in school despite not being in the building physically. Due to the program, students won't be behind on their work when they are able to physically attend school again. For example, if a student has received a disabling injury, and are not able to get to the school building or move around the school. They would then be able to do all of their work online, and not have to halt their education for the duration of their recovery. This program could also be useful if for some reason the school building is not fit for students to go to.

Say, for instance, a student suffers a blow to the leg, and it prevents them from venturing to their school building. In this situation, the teachers would have to send them physical copies of the work, which could get lost. If the work is available online, though, then the student can access all the work that they need to for the day, and do it from their current location. With the introduction of personal laptops, which the school has provided, the student will have all they need to do their work for the day.

With the looming threat of a Corona Virus outbreak in the United States, there is a possibility of a quarantine being enacted, and students will not be allowed to go to their respective school buildings. In such a scenario, being able to do their schoolwork from home means that the students education will not be put on hold. Also, if the school building were to suffer serious damage, like, for instance, a fire, the same would hold true for this scenario as well. It is much like the scenario for a single student not being able to attend school, but on a much larger scale.

There would be possible downsides, though. It is almost certain that a few students, the kind that you see vaping, or sitting in the back of the class, never doing their work, would take advantage of the out-of-building education. They would see it as an opportunity to get away from their teachers making sure they get their schoolwork done, and would treat the time spent out of the school, due to disablement or quarantine, as a kind of break from having to do work. While it is truly pitiable that they are simple enough to think that is the case, it could also be a kind of benefit. A way to weed out those students with a exceptionally poor work ethic. Their grades will drop, and they will realize that their lack of effort is the only thing to blame. And if they don't realize this, well, it's probably better that they will be held back and not introduced into society in their current state.

Overall, it is safe to say that the program is very beneficial to all students involved. They won't have to suffer a drop in grades because of an injury, and they won't have to put their education on hold in the case of the school building not being fit for use due to a quarantine or the building burning down. While there may be a few downsides in the lack of a physical teacher, Parents could step into that role and help the students get their work done. The program of allowing students to do their work online is almost exclusively beneficial, and will be very helpful in certain eventualities.