Attention all students if you don't want to graduate take online classes.

Attending school online is good idea people say however, do they not know the amount of distractions they will face if they were to just stay home. You never know what they're doing behind the computer, and plus the amount of money it will take just to get some classes. Attending school online is absouloutley a bad idea because Students will be distracted at home, No teacher will be their to hold the student accountable, and the money it will cost to take online classes.

What's more distracting sitting in a classroom learning or sitting in your room with all your beloved items around you. In a room you have a television or gaming devices even stuffed animals you like to play with. Not to mention that you have to just sit in your room behind a computer most of time. Eventually your going to want to do something. For example, my cousin took online classes and what he told me was that it was hard to focus while his game were just sitting right there in front of him. He even has a dog so once in awhile he would hear his dog scratching on the door trying to get in which then would lead to some barking making it even hard to focus. He did everything he could to try and focus on a screen for a long period of time but he couldn't so,consequently,he had to stop taking online classes.

Teachers,as of now,hold you accountable for not doing your work.

Some,if you don't do any work, can make you stay after school while students behind the computer can learn and not do work without consequences.

Yo don't even get extra help even if you don't get what you have learned. For example, my brother takes online classes and he is struggling with trying to complete work. All he has to do when class is over is press the power button and go to bed. There is no teacher to make you stay and make you finish your work because you are at your house.

The money it cost just to take online classes s absurd. Some can go up to more than 1,000$ which some people can't even afford, and how do you know your going to make the money worth it How do you know the person teaching is't just some scam. For example, my cousin paid about 900$ for classes and he was taught by someone who didn't graduate college. He ended up learning nothing and wasted his money on someone else.

All in all, Students shouldn't have to go through taking online classes. They shouldn't have to pay money if they are just going to get distracted and not even get help from the person who is teaching them. Schools does more to help graduate than what online classes does. Online classes will give you a higher chance of failing than just going to school. So before you want to purchase some classes go out and give schools a try and you'll be glad you didn't have to spend and waste your time on online classes.