Hi my name is STUDENT_NAME

i am here today to tell you why we should not be able to come to school with cell phones. The reason why we should not come to school with cell phones to school because of low test scores, lack of participation, and most importantly fights occur on school campus yes fights. let get started principal TEACHER_NAME.

First, let me start by saying this are school are one of the lowest schools that have low test grades because of phones. Phones in school is a bad idea because when students are in class they don't pay any attention to the class assignments they worry about when there going to get there next text or phone call. I had went to go check out most of these students grades and most of them are failing because there phones are always turn on like for example a student name RELATIVE_NAME

was in class taking a test he wasn't doing his test he was on the phone texting we seriously need to do some thing.

Second, lack of participation is one of the biggest problem in school if nobody want to do any work what's the point of coming to school. Principal TEACHER_NAME participation put point on your current grade if more student participate they have a chance increasing there grade to something higher. Students don't understand that were trying to get them to success if more students can participate i guarantee you this the school test scores will increase. memorial middle school increase there test scores cause of participation and i know we can do it too

Third, most importantly fight are occurring fast at this school a lot of students are getting suspended because, of phone drama that are in school they text when and where there going to fight and that i can not have any violence on this school campus. A lot of students are getting arrested for battery or physical battery i want theses student to learn not to fight cause of what some one else think of her if we can take those phone away i guarantee this school would be the best school in the county for example one of the students just got into a fight because of a phone over a phone are you kidding me. Principal TEACHER_NAME you see what im talking about.

inconclusion principal TEACHER_NAME

i have convince you why we need to take phones away because of low test scores, lack of participation and most and importantly school fights . Now since the problem had been solve let me go announce this first thing in the morning thank you. HAVE A GOOD DAY!