With the recent outbreak of the Corona virus and the possibility of schools being closed for some time, what are students to do to receive their education?

Video calls and online classes are an excellent option to help those and other students, because it can allow students to take classes form the conform and safety of their own home, it could prevent unneeded absences, and taking classes form home may be the best option for some students with disabilities.

Recently, the Corona virus has spread world wide claiming many lives.

In order to prevent its continual spread, many countries are taking safety precautions.

One precaution the US has used in the past, such as during the outbreak of the SARS virus, was to close schools temporarily.

In the event that a similar situation occurs, online classes would be an optimal way for students to continue their education without the risk of receiving or spreading the virus.

There are many reasons a student could be unable to attend a class, some of which would prevent a student form physically going to school, however allowing them to learn through online classes.

For example, if a student had to travel during school hours, or if a student was temporarily unable to leave their home due to an injury.

Attending classes digitally would be the best way for these students to easily participate in their classes.

Some disabilities can make it hard or even impossible to transport a student to and from school every day.

For those students with disabilities that inhibit their movement, classrooms and teacher can be moved to them, allowing them to learn wherever is best for them.

As well as for students with longstanding sever medical issues that require their stay in a hospital, they can participate in full class lessons and discussions without risking their health.

Especially with the Corona virus spreading world wide, online classes and video calls are an important tool at a teacher's disposal in the current day in age.

It can allow them to give their students the best education possible, and overcome barriers caused by disease, injury, or disability.