Phones and Cars

Many habitants of planet earth have and use their cellular device as second nature. Cellphones, while useful in the sense of communication, entertainment, and business transactions, can be dangerous tools of distraction behind the wheel. An example of this would be the statistics based on vehicular manslaughter and other effects of the car accidents that are recorded each year. Tens of thousands of Americans are victims of car accidents every year with the distraction of cellphones being the lead cause for fender benders every year. Governments officials and representatives are faced with the same issue and must constantly find a solution to the issue of cellphone use behind the wheel. The main question being whether cell phone use should be allowed at all while operation heavy machinery.

That being said, it would be for the better of humanity if cellphones be allowed only when at a complete stop with the vehicle in park. The reason why the allowance would be more beneficial than the stripping of the whole ability is because of the instinctual nature of humans to do what seems good even if it is forbidden. This can be seen in the Book of Genesis, where Eve chooses the forbidden fruit over every other fruit in the garden, due to the thought that she would never be able to taste that specific fruit if she were to obey God's orders. This shows the weakness in man, that, even if he or she should be shunned, smitten, banished, or punished in any way by the highest power, man shall carry out the forbidden just to have a form of secret liberty.

This liberty would remain in the citizens' mindsets if they had the ability of freedom that would be disguised by regulations. The perception of a freedom is a more effective way to regulate the general population that the prohibition of the acts that are the root of a problem, such as the case of the dangers of texting and driving. The first regulation would include the full stop of a vehicle, ensuring that the driver is not endangering the lives of everybody else when they need their phone. The second part of the new rule would call for the mandatory parking of the car, so that the car has no potential to endanger the other lives on the road. These rules would send the message that the nation needs to stay focused on the task of driving and should refrain from getting distracted by phone use.

The task of driving is a boring task, thus the temptation of using a device to make the job of travel less monotonous becomes more alluring to the driver. Therefore, the use of cell phones should still be partially allowed for those who ride the road every day. To ask for the privilege be taken all together would cause uproar and rebellion, but to give that chance to change a song on the phone, or to reroute the GPS software on the phones leaves a margin of freedom for the civilians who are forced to follow the policy. Without those exact laws, every nation will continue to face accidents and become yet another percentage on the yearly submission of the quota for accidents and deaths caused using cell phones.

Overall, to avoid becoming a statistic in the list of deaths, it would behoove the general populations to insert these regulations into their driving lives. This would promote a safer environment for travel and would reduce the number of driving hazards and obstacles by a grand percentage. All it takes to keep oneself safe and others safe is the awareness and comprehension of the activity on the road, rather than the activity on a phone.                                        