I think driverless car would be a bad investment for car manufacturers. I think this way because driverless cars could caused more accidents, they aren't a hundred percent driverless, and you don't know that it will be efficient or not.

Driverless cars have sensors in them that apply force when there is danger but how can you be for certain that something won't block a specific necessity of the sensor and make the sensor invalid to apply force. If the sensor didn't detect a sign of danger when there was a pedistrian or wall or car in front of them. The cars sensors would not be able to automaticly brake. Some driverless cars also have cameras in them. How do we know that what the camera sees won't mistake it with a different action. The sensor on the roof updates the car with a 3-D image of its surroundings. This 3-D imaging could pick something up that is different than what it makes or it could make the thing it saw and apply force when they needn't be any.

The cars still need a little help from the humans when there is a road block, jam in traffic,work zones, or accidents. The car doesn't have the skills yet to navigate around things that can be in the way of the road or its course it was on. The driver will be alerted when the car has a difficulty and can't manage to reroute. These cars can handle only twenty-five MPH. Higher than that the driver itself will have to drive such like on a highway when you can go 60 to 70 MPH. Manufacturers have applied different kinds of alerts such as a vibrating seat, announcing itself, and another option could be flashing lights on the windshield. How do we know if those alerts will actually alert us. Everyone is difeferent and get alerted differently, how will the manufacturers know that any of these alerts will actually be affective to people.

So could driverless cars be effecient? They could in a sense, but most information about these cars and technology could be doubtful and guesses. All technology has its flaws and bugs that no one can fix. These driverless cars could mess up or brake whenever and the humans in the car would not know. Then their life would be in danger. Driverless cars have to much new technology that they can't be reliable.

Driverless cars have a lot more to work on before it's time to come out to drivers. Manufacturers should focus on accident prone cars, a hundred percent drivable, and if it will be efficient in todays society. 