Imagine you were driving down the road one day and you see a car driving towards you. Seems normal, right? Wrong. You notice the driver is, wait he couldn't be, could he? But he is. The other driver is asleep and both of you are in a work zone. This would result in a crash and there is only one culprit. The driverless car.

We can all agree that technology has come a long way in the past few years, but has it come too far? Many companies are working on ideas for what will be a driverless car. It might seem like a really good idea at first but there are a few reasons that these vehicles would cause problems. First off, the distracted driver. If you were on a long car trip or had up late working before the trip you were making it would you be able to stay awake behind the wheel of a driverless car? We'd all like to say we would but it's not that simple. There are already drivers on long trips that mange to fall asleep while driving. Think about if they were just riding in the car how much worse it would become. The cars could pilot themselves fairly well but what if there was an accident ahead, or a workzone? The driver would have to take over to guide it through the changed route. This couldn't happen if the driver was asleep.

There would also be too many distractions while in a driverless car. People text and drive all the time already but if they didn't have to drive they wouldn't pay attention to the road at all. The companies that are making the cars are suggesting ideas of how to get the driver's attention when it is their turn to drive, but how well would it work? One of the ideas being suggested was entertainment systems built into the car that would shut off while the driver needed to take the wheel. Which isn't a bad idea until you consider the driver's own personal devices that they would bring with them.

In conclusion driverless cars are NOT safe. There are too many thing that could go wrong. The cars are not entirely to blame as much as the lack of responisbility of people, but untiil the cars can comensate for that lack of responsibilty they are not safe for roads. They need a lot more work before anyone should consider purchasing one. 