The Face on Mars

"The Face on Mars" is a "huge rock formation...which resembles a human head," as NASA stated in 1976.

Many know that it is just a natural landform like on earth, but some believe that the Face was created by aliens.

The Face is nothing more than a natural landform because we have landforms like it here on earth, photographic evidence reveals a natural landform, and there is no evidence that the Face was built by life outside of earth.

The Face on Mars is nothing more than a natural landform, just like we have on earth.

Jim Garvin, who is the chief scientist of NASA's Mars Exploration Program, knows that the Face is just another landform.

"It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho," he said, "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars."

This is just one piece of evidence that the Face cannot be anything more than a natural landform--because it has many characteristics of a landform here on earth.

A second reason that the Face on Mars is nothing more than a natural landform is because of the images taken in 2001 by Mars Global Surveyor (MGS).

Twenty five years after its first photographs, clearer, higher resolution photos of Face came from MGS.

From the 43 meters per pixel in the 1976 photograph versus the 1.56 meters per pixel in the 2001 photograph, there is clearly enough evidence that the Face on Mars is just a natural land formation similar to a mesa.

The rises and dips in the landform just resemble the shape of eyes, nose, and mouth of a human face and nothing more, but after seen more clearly, cracks and crevaces in the land prove that the Face is just a natural landform.

Those who believe that the Face on Mars was built by aliens have nothing to base their beliefs on other than the fact that the landform resembles a face.

No evidence whatsoever suggests that the Face was built by supernatural life.

On the other hand, photos--and common sense itself--prove that the landform is just another landform like we have on earth.

The passage itself proves the authenticity of the landform.

It says that "thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing...a natural landform.

There was no alien monument at all," proving that the Face is only a landform.

To conclude, no evidence suggests that the Face on Mars is anything more than a natural landform.

The Face has characteristics of a landform on earth, and images of it from 2001 reveal only a landform.

On top of that, those who believe that alien activity is responsible for the creation of the Face have little to no information to base their beliefs on.

In the end, though, we know that the little landform called the Face of Mars is just one of our universe's great mysteries.