With technology growing at a rapid rate, many things are being used through online like bank information, communication, and even education. In education there are new way of teaching students. One of them is able to teach from a distance, in which students can attend classes from their homes. Many students would benefit from being able to attend classes from their home, because they can learn anywhere in the world, students would not have to worry about getting ready to go to school, and they can learn at their own pace that lets them understand the topic or subject.

However, many people would not agree with this position, Some might argue that students can get distracted by being at home or that they might not have the same feeling of studying at their home then at school. Some students have difficult challenges in their life that let them not concentrate at their homes like physical or verbal abuse. Some people say that some students that learn through online will not even try to study at home and would get distracted by video games or other forms of entertainment. The idea that a student will learn at school the same as distance learning is thought as something that will never happen. Nevertheless their are other ideas

To begin with, students can learn anywhere in the world. They can travel to other countries or states and still learn as if he or she was still in the class. For example, In my school their are some students that travel to other countries like Guatemala, El Salvador, or Honduras and stay their for a long period of time. One of my friends went to Guatemala for a month because of his family. He knew that he was going to be behind in his classes when he would come back. When he came back, we already did two test and learned two units. He was so behind that it took him quite a long time for him to catch up. If he would have the opportunity of distance learning for the time he was in Guatemala, he would have benefited from it and still been caught up.

In addition, students would not have to worry about getting ready to go to school. Students would not have to worry of waking up early to get to the school bus or to walk to school. They would just have to wake up, eat breakfast, take a shower and go to their computer to start learning. For example, a student lives 45 minutes away from his school and has to wake up at 6 am so he can make it to his first class in the morning. It takes him 30 to 45 minutes to take a shower, eat breakfast, and choose what he will wear. In total it takes him a little bit over an hour to get ready and walk to school. If he would have done distance learning, he would have used that time to complete his homework, study, or to relax a little bit more before his class started.

Finally, Student can learn at their own pace that lets them understand the topic or subject. Many students feel that when they are at school, that the class is going to fast or that the class is going to slow. They could feel more comfortable to either go fast or slow when they learn through online. For example, Many students feel that they learn better when they are outside of school, because their is no distraction that affect them when they are at a library or their home. Distance learning can make many students learn at their own pace and practice to understand for their tests.

In conclusion, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. They would be able to learn from anywhere in the world, students would not have to worry about getting ready to go to school, and students can learn at their own pace that lets them understand the topic or subject. Many might not agree with these ideas, but they have to realize that distance learning is an option for students to understand at their pace and feel more comfortable when they learn at their homes. 