In 2018 teens have been reported the largest age group being distracted while driving that were involved in fatal car accidents. Driver distractions is reported to be responsible for more than 58%

of teen crashes. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

Driving is an everyday thing it is how most people get around. But recently due to the advancement in technology people have been more distracted with new cell phones and tablets at their disposal. It has become dangerous now that people are trying to use these devices while operating a vehicle causing accidents bringing harm to them and others. Some accidents can even be fatal so people do not need to be on any device while operating a vehicle.

In 2018 so far there has been over 3,000 deaths due to fatal car crashes. On average, 9 of the fatalities are due to distracted drivers. Sad but true these deaths are completely avoidable. Due to all these accidents that have occurred the month of April has been called Distracted Driving Awareness Month to inform the public eye of all the deaths and injuries due to distracted driving, and that they are all avoidable. Just put the phone down and wait to you park. www. teensafe. com, 100 Distracted Driving

Facts & Statistics for 2018, Paragraph 1-2, Lines 1-8.

Another recent study says the NHSTA reports that texting while driving is currently responsible for approximately 1.6 million accidents every year including this year so far this number has to decrease for the safety of all it can wait. www. bisociety. org. The National Safety Council nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year including this year from accidents caused by texting while driving. 1 out of 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving. www. edgarsnyder. com. There are currently 47 states that ban text messaging while driving. www. ghsa. org. In the state of Georgia there is the hands free law that if a police officer catches you on device while operating a vehicle you will receive a ticket. It's good that they are cracking down on distracted drivers.                        