Automobiles play a huge role in our everyday life. Its how we travel to work, home, and even just to cruize around the neiborhood. But does anyone think about what these traving pieces of machinerary do to our planet? Cars are producing a enviormentally harmful fumes such as greenhouse gas, and smog

. These two chemicals are harmful for our ecosystems, as well as our health. It is unnessacary that people should be allowed to kill not only the nature that surrounds us, but also themselves so we need to become a car-free nation.

Giving up driving is like giving up a bad habit, you always have the urge to do it again. But is it all worth it. Think about it, you get up for wor, or school and you walk outside where the sun is shining and the birds are chirping and you think "Wow it is beautiful out here". And what do you do... you insert your self into a small metal barrier stoping you from being one with nature. so where am I going with this you might ask. "When I had a car I was always tense. Im much happier this way." says Heidrun Walter, a mother of two who gave up her car and decided to walk. When you are driving you can not say hello to your friends, or nighbors. In fact you cant have any social contact which is not healthy.

The U.S. is one of the largest producers, and consumer of motorized transportation devices. Companys such as Ford, Chevy, Jeep, and Lincon are producing cars that no one could refuse. But are they safe? Car companys advertise that they are "safe". Airbags, seatbelts, even blind-spot protection moniters are some of the advances in vehical safety technology, but technology does not alway work correctly. Most death tolls are not by murder, or suicide, but by car accidents. So why is it that all this technology that engineers are putting in our auotmobiles are not saving lives? This is why walking or running or cycling is an ideal chioce of transporation, and why automoblies should come to an end.

Im not saying that all cars should be throw into a scrap yard and be forgot about. I know that there are those classic cars that every car collector wants, or that family car that has been passed down for ages. Im just stating that cars use should be reduced for the safty of our planet and ourselves. We always want to keep our old memories. Its just like keeping you grandmothers handmade scrapebook...priceless. We are of nation of collectors that can not and will not get ride of our memories and a car is one of the biggest ones that we can hold on to.

President Obama has goal that he is trying to achives that will lower the greenhouse gas emission say "The End of Car Culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal. It is leaders such as Obama that will save this planet, and all we would have to do is become a car-free world. With the help of all the citizens we can become a clean, healthy, and happy world.                         