Having a car can be very stressful and cost a lot of money. Not only does having a car hurt our earth but it hurts your wallet or you can hurt other people. Also you can get so much more exericse from just walking to where you need to go than taking your car. It seems diffuculty to live without your car but they show that some people can do it , so can you.

You just moved into your new home in Vauban , Germany. You have to pay money just to park your car. In the article "In german suburb, life goes on without cars." According to Elisabeth Rosenthal , it states in paragraph 2 that "Car ownership is allowed , but there ar only two places to park - large garages at the edge of the development, where a car-owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home." So if you want to park your car , you have to pay just to keep it there and always pay for your house.

Think of all the people that have cars , take buses , basically anything with an engnie is polluting our earth. In the atricle "Paris bans driving due to smog" Accoding the writer , Robert Duffer it states in paragraph 10 that "After days of near-record pollution , Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." They almost broke a record of so much pollution and the main reason of that is because of cars. So if you have less people driving them , the less pollutied our world with be.

Instead of driving just everwhere , you can get exricse and move your body to the place you need to go. Not only is it healthy for your body and life , its healthy for our world. In the article "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota." The author Andrew Selsky stated in paragraph 20 that "In a program thats set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams." They got where the needed to go , without their car. So just on that one day , they helped out our world and themselves.

In conclusion , having no car is just better for everyone. You get to save so much money on gas or not having to pay for a parking spot. Our world is not as pollutied with all thr smoke and gas that cars cause. You get to get exericse for the day and feel better. If you can go a day with no car , you can live your life with no car. So help save the world and your wallet by not using a car.                          