Driving cars is something we all have wanted to see. And now knowing that they might actually be invented is something many people are excited about. There are so many questions about these newly invented cars. How do they work? Are they safe? What will happen to the cars we are using now? Many people are wondering the same questions. After reading the article "Driverless Cars are Coming" I disagree and am not for the idea of driverless cars because people enjoy driving, many companies will be out of busniess, you will still have to drive, and they aren't super safe.

First off, there are many people in the world that enjoy driving. When teenagers turn 16 one of the first things they want to do is get their license and drive. Driving is something that everyone wants to be able to do. But if we have cars that drive themselves, teenagers will never need to know how to drive. And I am sure many of them would be upset. Yes, in the article is does say that the driver will need to take over but for only certain situations. "This means that human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." So many people will loose the enjoyment of driving, and only be able to drive in those particular situations. In addition, there are people that enjoy sitting there and driving. And if we have self driven cars they will not be able to do that. Instead, the car will drive its self while the human just sits there. Many people will be upset with the fact they won't be able to drive any more.

Futhermore, what will happen to all the companies and busniesses that have to do with the cars we have now? Including gas stations, car autoshops, drivers ed, and mechanic shop? Will all of these places just shut down and leave thousands of people without jobs? Since the new cars drive themselves there would be no need for drivers ed anymore. That would leave all the drivers ed places out of busniess. Secondly what would happen to the cars that we are driving now? Would everyone have to stop using them and go to the "driverless car" or could people still us the same car they have know? In the article it says "The track was embedded with electrical cable that sent radio signals to the reciever on the front end of the car." This makes me wonder would we need new roads with this electrical cable embedded in it, because that would leave to even more problems.

In addition, these cars aren't fully finished and safe. The driverless cars they are making aren't fully driveless they still need the driver to be alert. So what's the fun in driving a "Driverless car" when its not completely driverless? When you think of driverless you think that the driver can be doing whatever he/she watns and doesn't need to be worried about drivng. However that's not the case, the still have to be alert. So the driver will have to stop the activity they are doing, and take over driving when the car needs it to. " Such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over." These displays were if the driver was watching a movie, or any other entertainment. But, if I was in the middle of something, and was interrupted and had to stop and take control of the car, I would not be happy. And I am sure many others wouldn't be happy either. And who knows how frequent the car is going to need you to take over. If you were planning on getting something done in the car, you might not be able to if you keep getting interupted.

Lastly, how safe are these cars? No where in the article does it say that these cars are extraordinary safe compared to the cars that we have now. So it makes me wonder, do I really trust a car to be in control of my life. No, especially if it says that the driver might need to take over at certian times. That makes me think that there could be some malfunctions in this car, and risking my life for it would not be worth it. Not only would I be risking my life, but the others on the streets as well. The quesiton also comes up, who's fault would it be "If the system fails and a person gets hurt whos fault would it be? " Technology is known to have its flaws and that is something that could risks lives. I would not feel safe giving 100% of my trust to a piece of technology. Especially since there is no proof to how safe they really are.

In conclusion, I am not ready for the "driverless cars". There is still so much work that needs to be done to make these cars safer and actually drive themselves. Many people still want to be able to drive, and if everyone switches to driverless cars then people won't be able to drive anymore. Also, so many companies would go out of busniess due to this drastic change in the car company, including drivers ed places. The driverless cars aren't actaully driverless which I'm sure will make people mad. The driver will still need to be alert, but not actually driving. These cars aren't exactly safe either, there is still a big chance about a malfunction. I'm sure people would be as hesistant as I would be if I went in one of these cars. Overall, innovations and inventions are great but sometimes its best to just stick with what we got. And in this case I think the cars we have now are perfectly fine, and don't need to be changed.    