Do you want to just ask one person's advice and do as they say or ask multiple people opinions and pick the best one with better choices. This is a rethorical question asking why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Seeking multiple opinions can help make a better choice because it gives you more choices to pick from, some people have already gone through it, so they know what's the correct advice to give to people, and you can compare one advice to the other to know which one is more right and benficial for you.

Seeking multiple advice gives you more choices to pick from. You decide which one you liked best. You decide which one was your favorite advice out of all. You can decide which one is best for you. you can decide which suits you the best. You can decide which advice will help you become a better person. You can decide which advice will be best for you in charcter and nature. More choices will help you pick the best advice with better choices.

Some people have already gone through that, so they know what's the correct advice to give you. They know what it feels like. They know how you feel, and what advice will make it better. They know what's correct for you at that time. They've gone through it so they know hat's right. They know hat will help you more in the future. They know what will be most helpful for you in the future, since they were there in same place where you are today. Experienced people can give you better advice with better choices, since they've gone all throgh it.

You can compare one advice to the other to know which one is more right and beneficial for you. You can decide which one will be more helpful for you in the future, you can decide which advice will help your future be what you want it to be. You can decide from which advice you will be more happier. You can decide which advice will make you more happier now in the present and also in the future. You can decide from which advice your future will be the best. You can decide which advice will be the most helpful and beneficial for you in the future.

Comparing advices will help you find the best advice with better choices.

Seeking multiple opoinions can help make better choices. It gives you more choices to pick from, some people have already gone through it, so they know what's the correct and best advice to give you, and you can compare one advice to the other to know which one is more right and benficial for you. Always seek multiple opinions because you never know which best advice you may find with better choices. 