Have you ever made a decision that you later regretted because you did not seek alternate opinions? Often times decision making can be a difficult task, particularly when you have little knowledge on the topic. Whenever I wish to make an informed and well-made decision I will usually ask my friends and others that I respect for their opinions on the matter. By having several different views on the subject, it assists me in making the best choice that I can. Sometimes I will go with my original idea, but on several occasions I have been heavily influenced after hearing other stances on the topic, and changed my own opinion. Seeking multiple opinions when making a decision can be very beneficial because it helps you in being more informed on the topic, it helps different views to be brought to light that can sometimes come from past experiences, and who knows, you may even be able to receive assistance in executing your final decision.

When you listen to other peoples' opinions on a specific matter a lot of times you will learn more about that topic. By hearing what other people have to say, you will often times learn a reasoning behind the way that they feel. This reasoning can sometimes come from something you did not know about the subject at hand, and therefore helps you in making a more informed decision. Some choices are based off of what will benefit the most people, in which you will want to hear everyone's opinion and know what will help them the most. Other decisions are made solely based on facts. Research can be helpful on a fact-based decision, but sometimes first-hand knowledge is the best.

Many people can have different views on one topic depending on their past experiences with that subject. When you hear all of these different views, you will not only learn more about the possible outcomes of your decision, but you will also learn about what has influenced other people who may have made the same decision. Even those that have not experienced making that decision first-hand will often times have helpful advice on how to make your decision, possible outcomes of what you decide, and they may even help you by showing what they think of the matter and how they would react to the given situation. Multiple views on one topic can help bring even more ideas to light, as well as even more possible solutions. By having more opinions, you also develop more choices that can be discussed and evaluated.

Whenever you are making an important decision you will usually have to execute that final choice. This can be hard to do alone sometimes, but when you listen to other people and show them that their views and opinions matter they will often times wish to help you in return. Not only will you be able to make an informed decision with reasoning to back it up, but you will have people behind you to support your decision and help to make it a reality. Some choices require careful evaluation in order to truly decide whether or not the efforts put in will be worth the final product. When you have assistance in achieving that final goal, it becomes much easier to not become caught up in the challenges and obstacles along the path to success. In addition to this, you will also have someone to refer to for a new view anytime that a problem arises while executing your final decision.

In conclusion, seeking several different opinions and views can be very beneficial when making a decision. By seeing new views and reasoning, you are able to make a much more informed choice. When you are able to hear first-hand stories about past experiences on the same situation, it can positively influence your decision. Finally, by showing others that their voice can be heard and that it will matter, they will often times want to assist you in achieving your final goal and executing your end decision. Anytime that I wish to make a choice that will benefit everyone I will make sure that I seek multiple opinions so that I can make the best possible decision.