As I walk around the corner I'm greeted with hey, what's up, smiles, and "Generic_Name!" by my teammates.

This was every day I walked in the team room for basketball practice. I have so many memories and unforgettable moments from my basketball season and I made many friends. Yesterday I was greeted by Generic_Name, one of the three seniors from basketball,"Hey Generic_Name!" she said with a big smile as she walked back to softball practice. Basketball season ended a month ago, but the team bond and relationships continue on. Everyone should have the amazing experience I did of being involved in an extracurricular activity. I agree with the principal's decision for all students to participate in one after school activity because of the importance to our school community, building character, and the lasting impact.

Participating in after school activities is important to our school community as a whole. Within a school, positive relationships are key to a beneficial education as well as experience for each student. Throughout extracurricular activities students build relationships with others through common interests. Such as through sports, you develop a relationship with your team. You crave to get out on the court or field to play the game you both love and look forward to seeing each and everyone of your teammates.

Participation in programs will help to develop and build the character of each student. Students exercise real life skills that are needed for the workplace. Each program is centered around teamwork which requires collaboration, communication, and compromising which are key components of many jobs. Other skills developed within these programs include leadership by demonstrating through example and time-management skills by deadlines for assignments. Getting involved in a program may spark your interest in a future career such as a reporter, lawyer, or a political figure.

Extracurricular activities have a lasting impact. The word impact is a two sided word, it is not only what we are impacted by it is who we impact as well. Each program is made up of a diverse group of students from different backgrounds bringing different perspectives. Everyone has a story to share of their journey, we are inspired by others stories and impacted by their personalities and action they take. Each story or action has a different impact, perhaps the desire to change the world or to look at something with a new perspective. The relationships and inspiration sparked by after school programs have a two-sided impact.

I agree with our principal and believe that every student should participate in an after school program because of the impact sparked by relationships and the development of many skills. Whether it is tennis or serving on the student counsel, I encourage you to get involved in an after school activity because it will no doubt bring more energy and joy to your life. There are a sea of options to choose from. Take a little time from your day to check out the bulletin board beside the main office to view the after school activities posted there. I promise you will not regret it; it will change your life and world for the better.