Some schools offer the ability for students to take their classes from home instead of having to physically come to school they can just stay home and do their work at home. However, I believe that distance learning is detrimental to many aspects of a student's life. School first and foremost, is our Country's way of teaching kids essential knowledge they may need later in life. However school is also the way many students will meet lifelong friends, and helps them develop social skills that will prove crucial later in life. Distance learning eliminates the social aspect of school.

Distance learning removes the incentive to work and the ability for the student to ask for help when needed, this may hinder some students who need more help than others.

Students will call school many things, some are good and some are bad, but regardless of a student's opinion of school it is an undeniably excellent way for them to get to know their peers. In Elementary School my Father met someone who he would be close with for years to come, its been over 30 years and they are still friends to this day. While it's true the internet didn't exist in the eighties, if he had never been in public school he would not have met one of his best friends. Everyone I socialize with today, I met in classes in the past decade of schooling, or I met through a school event. Without the experiences one would make in a public school, they may never know how to behave socially.

Distance learning could also damage work ethic. If a student already does not want to do their work, and no one is there to punish them for not doing their work, why do it at all? While it is true many of them have good character and may do their work because they were told to, it is also true that many students will not do their work if no one is there to punish them (make them stay after class, detention, make them write sentences, ect.). A good letter grade may be plenty incentive for some to do the assignments they're given, but it may not be enough for others who don't really care about their grade. I'm sure the many parents who want to see their children do well, will make their child do the work they are assigned, their are always parents who wont.

It is not uncommon for a child to be curious, so naturally they have questions. Furthermore it is not uncommon for a child to have trouble learning, so naturally they have questions. If the student is not in the classroom the live immediate feedback they would usually get from a teacher is removed. If a student who may have trouble understanding or is maybe just curious about something cannot ask a question, why teach them in the first place? If you remove the ability to help a child who doesnt understand something, then how are they ever going to learn if no one is their to ellaborate?

In conclusion I believe Distance learning hinders a student's full potential by restricting the students who are partaking in distance learning's ability to learn, not only do they lack the live feedback given by most teachers, but they also lack the social experiences they will gather along the way. While it is true some will thrive in online education, others may not.