When you ask for advice, do you only ask one person? If you do, you should try getting advice from multiple people. If you talk to multiple people they will give you different opinions. You can have your own opinion, but you might not think about all the advice that could have been given by other people. Seeking multiple people is better than one person because you can get multiple opinions.

Asking one person can have many different results. Depending on who you ask you might get bad advice or good advice. Sometimes people make mistakes and will tell you the wrong thing and this might not help you out. Some people might not understand the situation you are in and give you wrong advice or no advice at all. If you ask a friend they might try to be nice and give you advice that could get you into trouble without them knowing. Sometimes the best option is to get advice from a counselor or a trusted adult. They will give you advice about what they think and they have been alive longer so they know a lot of stuff. Also if you ask a counselor someone else might be going through the same thing you are going through so you could help each other out. If you ask a parent for advice, they might tell you what they did as a kid but that could be a long time ago.

If you ask many people you can get lots of different advice. Some advice might be good while some could be bad. If you want people to know something is wrong, you could get advice from a therapist. A therapist is like a professional advice giver because you can tell them what you need help with and they will give you advice. If you look at all the information that is given to you, you could get the advice you were looking for. When you think about all the advice you can get rid of any bad advice and only stick with the good advice.

Sometimes it might be hard to ask someone for advice or maybe you are too scare of what people might think if you ask for help. If you think it is too hard to ask for help, you should talk to the counselor when nobody is around. You can tell them what you need help with and talk to them if there is anything else bothering you.

Sometime people will ask you for advice. When they do you should tell them what you think. If a friend asks you for advice I would not try to be funny and give them what I really thought. I would also advise them to ask more people not just myself. I would also ask someone what you should say if someone asks you for advice.

You should never be afraid of asking for advice. Everyone needs advice sometime in their life so you should always ask. Talking to multiple people is always better than talking to one person.