By reading "Driverless Cars Are Coming" I think to myself that they still need improvment. Now cars been around for a long time, but not that long for us to make a car that drives its self. People who drive right now are better off driving themself, I understand they think its cool and it will change the future, but there will be far more accidents then when people regularly drive. They even said that they need improvements such as not being able to go around accidents or off road, and even destruction workers. Now even though it drives its self which is cool you know but how would the car know if there is a stop sign or a red light, there will be an accident.

Now if cars cant see where a stop sign is and if its a red light or yellow light then there is no reason to make a driverless car. Thats like having a blind person walk across the street while they think its their living room. If the human driver has to be alerted if the car does something it was not suppose to do then they should wait 5 to 7 more years until they release it out to the public. Im no science guy or car dude but I know that it would take longer for a car to drive its self. Stick with normal cars.

The year 2020 is not far away in fact theres 4 more years until 2020 is upon us, thats not enough years to find out what is wrong with the car, fix it and find more problems and fix another one. Every car has problems with it but if your more focused on the car driving its self and accidently forget about the other things like the stock and perhaps a screw for the tire then well your screwed. Alot of people mess up on scooters and forget a part or two but thats nothing because they are easy to drive, but forgetting a part for a car, one that drives its self is dangerous for society. I get it we all make mistakes but that is not what people are going to think when one computer car crashes into a tree because it though it was a road. Then boom people say take away driverless cars.

While im on this computer typing i worry about the computer crashing. While i worry about that what do you think people will worry about when they are the road? They will be worried about dying or getting injured from a computer crashing. That gets me to my next topic, say your on a bike riding home and you hear a car right behind you, but you dont know it was a driverless car then the computer crashes and you get injured and you sue the person for not being careful but you should be suing google for not taking more time and making things better. Then google loses everything because they lost the coart battle.

There are planes that the government has been working on for a very long time, and there are still problems with it. I understand nothing is perfect but dont take the chance to make a car to drive its self and when it messes up people blame the company because people look at it like that. They aint use to it. They are use to regular cars that people can drive in. People see crashes all the time because its usually one of the drivers that dont know what they are doing. When they see that it was a driverless car the car is going to get blamed and the people who didnt take their time in their project.   