Need some help? Ask a friend, matter a fact ask multiple friends. When you have a decision or choice to make, that you dont know about, you should always ask multiple friends. You should ask for advice because people have different opinions or they might just know what to do in your spot. They could of also been in that situation. So anytime you need help ask a friend.

A lot of People have different opinions and ideas to a decision needed to be made. If you ask multiple people on a choice you need to make and majority of the people say you shouldn't make that choice and barley any people say you should what would you do? You wouldnt make the choice right? Because majority of the people said its not a good idea or its not a good choice to be made. The small amount of people that said not to make the choice may be trying to get you to fail or the choice might have been easier or different to them because people opinions are different. It's always good to ask multiple people on a choice needed to be made because some people opinions and actions are easier or harder then others or its a good idea or a bead idea to others.

Another reason why you should ask multiple friends on advice on a decision is because some people might have been through that same situation. Some people may have been in that situation and know what to do in that situation because of the experience. They have been in your shoes at a time a they know what to do. You can ask them what they did in that situation, and how it can be better. You can also just ask what to know in that situation. So if you know a friend that been in a situation that your going through ask them because they most likely know what to do.

The most important reason for me on people opinions and asking for advice is that the more help, the more advice you get, the easier it is. If people tell you information about the choice or they help you through it, giving you advice it would be easier right? But if you dont ask a friend and you just do it on your own you wouldnt have as much information on the situations as you did if you asked a friend. The situation,decision,or choice needed to be made could be a lot easier if you just ask for help .So remember it is always important to ask a friend even if you feel like you know what to do.

This is why I think that seeking multiple opinions can help some one make a better choice because you never know what people know about that situation or the advice they can give you. If you communicate to your friends about the decision that choice would be easier to make. So anytime you are in a situation and you need advice, or you need help, don't be quiet or dont do it by your self and just ask a friend for some help. Its not just a friend you can ask for help. You can ask a trusted adult , a parent or guardian, or even your teacher, all of them have been in a situation like you. So it's important to ask for help.      