Imagining a time in the future when no buys cars because they don't need them is almost a utopian dream. The dream of not having to actually drive your car something every driver dreams about. Mainly because of the responsiblity and stress that is placed on your shoulder as you get into that drivers seat. Whether you're an inexperienced driver or not this could be very beneficial.

Not only do you have to be cautious of other drivers but you have to remained focused on the road. So for a student driver, or perhaps an elder who may be too impaired with medication to drive, this driveless car could benefit them. This could lower the emotional strain you have about grandma not seeing that vehicle pull out in front of her or your child crashing into another driver because they may have been texting.

For a driver education vehicle, I think this could be a good teaching device. If you look at all of the accidents that have happened while in the process of learning the rules of the road cpuld save a lot of lives. The benefits of the car, such as knowing how close you are to bumping into another vehicle, could help someone who maybe parrelle parking. The vehicle will know if you are too close to the curb you are, or may parrallel park for you!

So, in conclusion, what is my position on driverless cars? I support the idea of this vehicle however, referring to my first statement, I don't think we will ever have a vehicle that is completely driverless. Even if a computer takes over your driving, you still have to watch the road and navigate, as said in paragraph 7 of the article.

Yes, the fantasy of having a completely driverless car seems like a good idea for drivers, and teen drivers such as myself, but this could result in people revolting against the safe regulations required when you're required to follow when behind that wheel. Why wouldn't anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? Wouldn't they get bored waiting for their turn to drive? No, they wouldn't they still need to take caution to the road and be prepared to break, turn, and accelerate just incase the computer doesn't do it for them! Once you're behind the wheel, even if that car you're in drives itself, you still are in control and your hand still need to be on that wheel!      