Florida State Senator,

The Electoral College is a crucial part of the United States's election process. There are some negatives to the Electoral College but the positives outweigh them by a landslide. The certainty of the outcome and having a president that the majority likes are key beneficial factors to the Electoral College process that would be lost if we changed the election by popular vote for the president of the United States.

With the Electoral College, there is a very rare chance that there would be a tie in the nationwide electoral vote. However, according to

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President by Richard A. Posner, "A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible--it happened in 2000--but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote." A clear winner will always be produced with the slight innormality of a tie. In 2012's election, Barack Obama received 51.3% of the popular vote compared to the 61.7% of the electoral vote. If the election process was by popular vote, it would have been a much closer race between Obama and Romney.

To win the Electoral College vote, each region must like you. You cannot have a presidential candidate that favors one region and only one region favors that candidate.

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President by Richard A. Posner states, "...a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president." In contrast,

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong by Bradford Plumer claims that even "at the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing' states."

What Is the Electoral College?

by the Office of the Federal Register says, "The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President." Because of the number of electoral votes each state has is based on population, meaning Texas has more votes than Rhode Island, every presidential candidate focuses on winning over the big states. The big states are a better representation of our nation's opinion. The Electoral College process should not be replaced by the popular vote due to the extremely rare chance of a tie. It should remain because an outcome is certain and majority of the population would like the president.    