In the article, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author presents themself really well with claims backed up by strong evidence. Venus has a lot of similarities with Earth, but hasn't been reserached enough throughout the years which needs to change in order for the future to be able to pursue their goals. The author makes a clear point in the article and supports their text with evidence to prove why society has the chance to research further into Venus and find out so much more about our neighboring planet. Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because of the similarities we share among them, the close distance between us, and the history that Venus has had which could've possibly "supported various forms of life."

First, Venus and Earth share a lot of similarities within themselves. "Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." Also, many years ago, there are speculations that Venus was probably full of oceans and could suport many different types of life, just as Earth was too. Many people may argue that since it was awhile ago, it can be completely different now which is true, but the author explains themself perfectly because they add that it still shares many features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. Lastly, although the temperatures differ between the two planets, the author provides a great alternative to hover 30 miles above the surface of Venus. This way, people are still in contact with Venus, but remain safe with the conditions that they have put themselves in.

Furthermore, the close distance between Earth and Venus make it a lot easier for travel and research. Although that they are still far distances away, it is very close when comparing planets, and the convienence of being close provides the chance of quality research, and possibly visiting in the near future. "Because Venus is sometimes right around the corner--in space terms--humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud-draped world." None of the spacecrafts survived more than a few hours, but that quote should motivate and challenge the workers and future workers of NASA to hopefully get the working pieces together to form a spacecraft that can survive long amounts of time.

Lastly, since Venus once could've supported various forms of life, the possibility to be able to support life again is quite high. With the right tools and research, we as a society can make an effort and use our curiosity as motivation to fight to be able to obtain life on Venus. With the surplus amounts of valleys, mountains, and craters that it has today, humans should not fear Venus for the fact that we have these features on Earth as well. The author once again provides a great statement because providing knowledge that both planets have similarties is crucial, and may even be a reason to explore and research further into Venus.

In conclusion, the author supports the idea of studying Venus as a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents well because of how close the two planets are, the many similarities that both planets share, and also the history of Venus once supporting life. With the right research, dedication, and curiosity, the future of possibilities for studying Venus or even traveling there is endless.