You may think that the Face on Mars was created by aliens. That is not true. The Face is just a natural ladform. There is a lot of evidence to support my argument. Like it is simply just a mesa, the photo Malin took, and there are many similar landforms around the American West. Certainly it wasn't created by aliens!

It is just a mesa. First, Martian mesas were common. They were very common around Cydonia as said in the article. Second, it did look like a face. That is because of the unusual shadows that formed to look kind of like an Egyptian Pharaoh. Third, it gives an illusion. The illusion is of eyes, a nose, and a mouth. These are the reasons that shows that the Face is a Martian mesa.

Michael Malin's photo shows that it is a landform. First, Malin's photo was taken ten times sharper. It lets it have a more clear image. Second, people think that the alien markings were hidden by haze. Though on the second picture it still doesn't show any sign of alien markings. Third, on April 8, 2001 another photo was taken. That day it was a cloudless summer day. Malin's tame captured a fantastic photo. It still didn't show that the Face was created by aliens. The photos that Malin and his team took were very useful.

It is similar to the world in a way. Using photos of the Face they would be able to see if there was any sign of life. Like small homes, or shacks. Second, it is defenitly equivalent to a butte or mesa. There is so much information to prove that. Third, it has landforms in common around the American West. Gavin stated 'It remids me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. It is similar in a way to America.

Now you know the reasons why the Face on Mars was not created by aliens. There is so mush evidence to prove it. Like my examples which are it is actually a mesa, Michael's photo shows no signs of aliens markings or their homes, and the Face is similar to some landforms in the American West. There is a lot more evidence to prove that the Face on Mars is not a creation by aliens, but a normal Martian landform.