Dear,State Senator

The Elelction of our country's leader is a huge deal. I am writting to you regarding the Electoral College and why it should remain as part of our Presidental election process,The Electoral college allows balance in our elections,As well forces candidates to have regional appeal,and gives people the power.

What if there was no majority vote or if there were to be a tie? the likeliness of this happening with the Electoral College is very low compared to the likeliness of this happening in a Popular vote. Electoral College vote likely exceeds that of the Popular vote.(source 3 paragraph 18)The Electoral College also gives the Larger states a chance to balance out what they've lost in representation in sanate by the constitution meaning they get to express the peoples voices better maybe as well as the small states who have the right amount of senate per population. Balance is very important in all things for a succesful country if the states aren't happy with the amount of voice and say they get in the federal government then we as a country may face instability as a whole.

Presidental canidates are to earn their place and prove why it is that they have what it takes to succesfully run our country. Candidate must earn regional appeal, although no region as the power of Electoral votes to decide the election,it is important that the candidate has is liked by all regions. trans-regional appeal increases the chances of a succesful president, a president who shows intrests in all of his countries interest is a succesful president.(source 3 paragraph 19) A candidate has to seek electoral votes in all states but espeacially the key ones where the voters actually understand their responsibility and actually listen to the campaigns.

This countrys strongly believes in the peoples voices and their input in how their country is ran. the Electoral college gives that power to the people, it allows the people to express their opinion on who thei leader should be. Even thoguh the voters are actually voting for the electors and not the candidate it still gives the people enough control over their government which prevents a tryranny.

Many may argue that some voters aren't well educated and don't have the knowledge need to make the right choice and that they might get confused and make the wrong choice. But this isnt always true because the candidates make sure to focus on the Toss-up states which  can define an election, and these are the people who really focus on the camppaign and unedrstand their resposibility to make the right choice as a state.

The Electoral college with out a question should remain in our countrys system, it keeps the balance in all states and strengthens us as a coutry, forces all candiates to have regional appeal to become succesful presidents, and follows our countrys basis a government for the people and by the people. We must keep the Eletoral college!               