Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I hear that you are considering changing the grading policy for playing sports. I myself some what agree with you and other half I don't. I myself play sports and I love them. But I struggle in areas of school work. If you made it where you have to have a B average some kids who are very good at sports may not be able to play anymore. And it just so happens that maybe that kid is the best athlete on the team. Well maybe making the grades a higher average would make them work harder, but then some kids are not that great at school work.

Having a C average is not failing its passing. For some people having a B

average is hard to accomplish. People might this of this as a punishment. Because most kids work very hard on school, at least the athletes do. If you train really hard at a sport you should also do well in school.

I myself am a swimmer and I work every day at practice. I also make sure to put school in from of any sport I'm doing at the time. So maybe you should just make sure the kids are working hard. Or the coach of that sport could have a certain grade police that his or her athletes have to follow by. If that is the case well then I believe that it should be up to the coach.

What if a lead in a play got a C but it was one point away from a B? Does that mean that you would kick that person out of the play? Even in clubs and stuff. You don't know how hard a student could have worked to have gotten that high C. Just like sports for some people academics don't come that easy to everyone.

All i think you should have to be considered to be in any after school activities or sports, is passing grades. But also good conduct. If you don't have good conduct well then you shouldn't even be considered to be in anything at all. Maybe if you have a D it would be something to talk about, but other than that C averages are not bad at all. I mean yes a B or even and A average is much better than that. But having a C and good conduct is very good if i do say so myself.

Please consider not changing the grading policy. I think it is perfectly fine right now as it is.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME