I believe that there are many advantages when it comes to limiting car usage. Using cars for transportation has been around for nearly a decade, starting with the very first car to run on gas ever made. Many believe that having a car makes life more convenient. But there are many more cons that justify the right to limit car usage.

The first advantage to limiting car usage would be the most obvious one, which is economical purposes. Buying a car usually means spending thousands of dollars all at once or having to pay a bill every month until the full price of the car is payed. This does not include the price for gas or other needs the car could have. Things like oil changes, transmission failure, or even something as simple as a flat tire could cost well over a hundred dollars just to fix all depending on the situation. This is not even considering the chance that your car could just stop functioning and you would need to buy a new car, which would lead to the ugly circle of life you just went through with your old car.

Not only is limiting car use good economically, but also enviromentally friendly as well. Studys shown that cars and other vehicles like this are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions. This could be very dangerous in a place where many people live.

Another advantage would be that if there are less cars, there would be less accidents as well. Many deaths that have been occuring over the pass year are all car related. Things like natural storms that destroy cars or drinking and driving could be prevented if car usage is limited. If car usage was limited, the death toll would definitly get smaller.

One last advantage limiting car usage would bring is the gift of excersise. Many believe a car is very convenient due to the fact that it can get you where you want to go in a small amount of time which, in fact, could be very useful for special occasions. However, when it comes to using a car limits to driving to a gas station 4 blocks away from where you live just for snacks, that's when things get out of hand. If you want to get somewhere, there are other ways besides cars that are safe and healthy for you. You could ride a bike, or even walk to where you want to go and still get the excersise you wouldn't get from using a car.

In conclusion, there are many reasons why car usage should be limited. However, that does not mean i don't beileve in the usage of cars. Cars are a advancement in technology for people to get to where they need to go without a hassle. A gift like that should not be taken advantage of. People can still use cars, but in moderation. And if we take the time to walk or ride a bike, you will be healthy, happy, and have a pocket full of money left over.                       