When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. This can help them make a better choice in many different ways. Discussing decisions with different people, not only gives the decision maker multiple perspectives to think about, but it also can help them gain confidence in their decision, and give them enriching new ideas to think about. All of these resources for the decision maker, will help them to make an educated and well thought out choice. With the opinions and thoughts of many people involved in a choice, the decision maker also makes a well rounded decision, that will positively impact themselves, as well as other people.

To start, every person has something to offer, and different people have different perspectives. While making a decision, many people may become stuck in their own perspective, and receiving advice from multiple people may offer a refreshing chance to look at the situation differently. If you only take advice from one person, their perspective has less of a chance of being varied from that of yourself, than if you get advice from numerous different people. This will help the decision maker to see the decision in a different light, and this may clear up any uncertainties for them. For example, you may view a color, and be absolutely sure that it is blue. However, if you ask another person, they may be certain that the same color is actually green. This shows, that different people can view the same situation in a different way. Furthermore, speaking with more than just one person, may help you to get an understanding of how the decision may have repercussions on other people, instead of just thinking about yourself. Hearing these different perspectives, may convince the decision maker to make a better choice, than if they had just spoken to one person.

Subsequently, seeking advice from more than one person, may help the decision maker to feel more confident about their decision. While speaking to other people, they may find that a good number of people feel the same way that they do about their choice. This will help them to feel more confident in their good decision, and they will be less likely to change their mind. An example of this same concept is in science experiments. In a science experiment, scientists always run multiple trials of the same experiment. This is so that they feel confident about their results. This is the same idea as having multiple people who have the same opinion as you do; you feel more confident about your resulting choice. If a scientist does not get matching results, then they feel that their results are invalid, and they run the experiment again. This is the same as if you do not find people who have the same opinion as you, and you rethink your decision. If you thought you had made up your mind, and then you speak to more people who have different opinions, you are more likely to rethink your choice. This will help you make sure that you are truly making the best choice for yourself.

Finally, the ideas of other people may help you to formulate your own. While everyone has their own perspective to give, they also have their own ideas. Everybody brings something new to the table, and if you talk to more people, you can hear more ideas. These ideas may convince you to think a certain way about your choice, or they may help you unlock some of your own ideas. Either a new opinion, or a new idea, may be exactly what a decision maker needs to finalize their decision, or make a completely new choice. These new ideas, may also help the decision maker to understand the decision at hand, in a more fundamental way, which will help them to understand the impact of their choices. This, can lead to a carefully made choice.

In conclusion, seeking the advice of numerous people offers many thoughtful benefits that lead the decision maker to the best possible decision. New and different perspectives on a specific decision, will help the decision maker to understand how the decision may not only affect them, but how it will also affect other people. This may also help the decision maker to get out of their head, and look at the situation from a different angle. Hearing opinions from numerous people, may also help you gain confidence in your decision, and if it does not, you will know that you may need to give your choice more thought. Finally, every new person that you speak to, will give you more ideas that may influence your decision. These ideas may shape your decision in ways that you never would have thought about, had you not spoken to more than one person. These ideas and opinions also may give you a new sense of clarity over your choice. Overall, seeking the advice of multiple people, instead of just one, will help decision makers to make choices that are well thought out, thoroughly planned, and best for not only themselves, but for other people as well. 