Dear Principal:

I think that community service should be required for all students. Community service is a good way of giving back to the community. It can also help you to form new bonds and friendships with the people you work with or work for. Community service can be a very fun activity and give the other students a chance to begin to like community service. Community service helps you to grow as a person and grow in relationships.

Community service can help your community to grow together. When my brother was on his new travel hockey team, as a way of getting to know each other and give back, the went to OTHER_NAME. I ended up going with them. To see how much can be accomplished, just in a few short hours with about 30 people was absolutely insane. To think that so much can be done in such a short time really makes you think about how much could be accomplished if we had 50 or maybe 100 people working together. If we could get even 100 people together, we could make a big difference and change something.

Service work helps you to grow in interpersonal relationships. In my experience of going to OTHER_NAME, I made some new friends and started bonds that probably would have never started with out it. The whole team was closer together. We had to work together and communicate, to better help ourselves get the work done. Those relationships lasted throughout the next 3 seasons together. The boys, on the ice, had lasting friendships and accomplished more as a team instead of just one player. In hockey, and really any sport, you can't have the offense without defense and you need to be able to trust each other. Trust in the start of all relationships.

I wasn't really sure what to expect when I first started working at OTHER_NAME. MY mom forced me and my little brother to go. When we got there and started to watch the videos on who we were helping and the cause that we would be supporting, it really made me start thinking about how lucky I was to have such a kind loving and caring family that is wealthy and can afford food, clothing, and every extra thing that I do. So many people across the whole world, are SO much less fortunate than me. I have everything I could ever want and more. Half of the things that I have, I'm sure I don't need, but I still begged for them at one point. Now, I see that none of those things are important or even make me happy.

If other students get to feel the joy I feel, even for a minute, by helping someone and know that YOU are saving a good someone's life, they would definitely change the way they feel about community service. I can't wait to go on the next community service project trip and look forward to helping my community. One person can stand alone and fight for what they believe in, but accomplish nothing because they have no one standing beside them, cheering them on and supporting them. You really start to loose hope and motivation, when you know that you are alone. I want to make a difference, and so do the other students, they just don't know how to.

Community service is life changing and I absolutely recommend that we do it. There would be less bullying and fighting, because you would feel at peace with yourself and your community. You would know that YOU mad a difference and are on the way to changing the word. I play many athletics and am in all sorts of clubs and activities, and with each one, I try to get everyone involved in community service. It is so important!

Even though hope is sometimes bleak, we need to keep the faith and courage to keep going and keep trying to change. When we are turned down and rejected, we need to let it roll off our backs and keep going on. People do not like change and will do anything to stop it, but if you firmly believe that what you are doing is right, keep going and pushing towards it. I hope that this letter helps you to see how big of a change our school could make. If just our small community could change, it would make a difference to everyone around us and persuade them to change too. We would

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME