Have you ever thought of trying school away from school? Not having to wake up early on weekdays, and not having to leave the comfort of your house. Well, it isn't all that grand and glamorous as you might think. Schools should not give students online classes as it limits their social life, they dont get the one on one help they need, and it is a lot of screen time.

Having a social life is important for a student, it helps build better people skills, and can help them develop friendships boosting happiness in most cases. This can also help them build character and to not be shy around others having benefits with how they learn in class. A conference on a computer doesn't have any of that or any other positive impact on a students social life. This only handicaps them to a screen.

Having the one on one help in person is extremely beneficial it allows a student to connect better with the teacher and getting questions about work answered in the process. Furthermore when a student seeks a teachers assistance sometimes the conference doesnt help, and not being able to properly understand the teacher due to the distance, hurting the education. This only makes it less of a viable option, and why schools should not offer online classes to students.

Lastly the amount of screen time you will spend on the computer is insanely painful. Average time at school is about eight hours, and if a student wanted to do all of his classes in that time on conference they would be aching badly in the head. This is caused by the blue light that emits from a computer and staring at it all day can cause migraines. This can hurt ones ability to properly do well in online classes. Public schools dont have this issue and it is why video conference is not that clever.

Arguments to this idea say it would help kids who are sick from home get the education the need, but this is wrong to do. Kids need to rest when they are sick so they can build back the immune system and feel better. Forcing them to learn doesnt help a sick student.

To conclude schools offering online classes and video conferences are not the best solution for students. It strips them of a social life, the can't get one on one help from a teacher, and causes students to have a lot of screen time on a computer conference.