More is better than one. Asking more than one person will never harm you in any way. What it will do though is make you mare confident about what advice you are getting.

So, whenever you ask for advice, always ask more than one person.

You should ask more than one person for advice because you might find something that help you with another problem. You might not find what you are looking for but it can help you in the future. Whenever I ask for advice I always have one person that tell me something that's completely different but it always help me out later or with another problem. For example, once I asked my friend if he could give me advice on what to study for the math test. He couldn't give me advice for the math test but he ended up giving me advice for the science test.

You always want to make sure you are getting the right advice and collaboration is a big key to finding if the advice, opinion or fact is correct. If more than one opinion collaborates or says the same thing it's more likely to be true than the one that doesn't. This method can also help you with a project. For example, when you're working on a project you want to go to more than one website to check if they have the same information. That way you know for sure you are getting the right information. If you ask multiple people for their opinion on something and five of them same give you the same thing but one person says something totally different. You know he is wrong.

Collaboration is a good way to check if the information is correct but what if you don't understand the information or don't have enough to back it up. Asking more than one person for the same thing can help you build on the same thought and make it better. Maybe you just don't understand what they are talking about but somebody else might restate the same sentence and that might help you understand it better. I know this because Rome and Islam used the same technique and that's what helped survive for so long. For example, when Rome was going to war with Carthage they didn't have a navy but they found boat from Carthage was up on shore. They took the boat apart and made hundreds of copies of it but they improved it by adding a plank so they can walk over to another boat and attack them.

If you are working on a project, a essay or just asking for advice always ask more than one person to make sure it's correct and the best. 