Most times when people are put in a difficult situation they go to others for help and advice. Others opinions and comments can effect the way a person deals or handles a situation dirasticly. When people are put in tight situations and they dont know what to do they'd piggy back of of anyone who has any idea of whats going on. Sometimes the person giving the advice will have the chance to voice their opinion that said person might not like yet, they're put in a corner from not having another s opinion which could've been better in the situation and would've probably have a better outcome.

For example, when it comes to break ups theres a lot to be said about it. How to fix it, how to ignore him or her, and even how to bounce back from it. There are just times when people just want to know that they'll be okay so they go to others for help and advice. Most times having the validation from someone else helps but, people cant just take one persons word and swear by it. They have to gather more information about a subject before they can really grasp what people are trying to say. Just like school you cant just take information of the internet or from a friend and believe that and only that, you have to take steps and ask multiple questions and multiple people in order to gather the information you're looking for to see if its factual or not.

Also, seeking advice from multiply people is like having a pro's and con's list read to you with information to back it up. Where one person might think its good to do one thing but, someone else thinks its a terrible thing to do. Then the person deciding could have a clear understanding of both sides of the argument and that could make the decision a lot easier. By getting all information good and bad together they can focus on whichever decision that was most talked about good or bad and see if they agree with it. Sometimes its good to know both sides of the argument to get a better understanding of the situation. So if in the future they'll know what to do and what not to do.

Next, giving someone information that could help them differ from right to wrong is great because, some people dont know right from wrong even at an older age. Yet, most people just dont care about right and wrong they do what they wish to. By giving someone the right advice it could help them stay on the right tacks in life. Giving advice can be a good thing because by giving advice you give someone wisdom and by giving them wisdom its helping them make the right choice. Making the right choice in life is important especially when it comes to children because if they make a wrong choice it could jeopardize their future. When they're an adult and they make a mistake they can face jail time.

In conclusion, getting advice from others can help a person out a lot and have them not go through the struggle and hassle of trying to figure out whats right or wrong. By just understanding both sides of the argument someone can better grasp the real meaning behind of whats going on and, could make a better decision then what they were going to make. Just by having multiple people share their opinions it could make someones life a bit easier. When a person ask for help its always good to express the good and the bad to help them figure which road to take. As you get older it will be more important to make good choices so people should start now. Thats why it is always good to have not one but a variety of choices to choose from when asking for advice.