Seagoing

Do you want an adventure? Maybe you should try something called seagoing. Seagoing would be a fun and educational trip where you get to help others, and make a diffrence in the world. The following reasons are why you should try seagoing.

In the text in paragraph number two it states that, "It was 1945, World War II was over in Europe, and many countries were left to ruins." From this piece of infomaion you can tell that people in Europe are facing hard times and that is why it is important to help those people. Furthermore, in paragraph number, eight it talks about how the cowboys also found time to have some fun. For instance in the text it says, "The cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. Table- tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped pass time."

From this sentance you can tell the cowboys did not only work but had fun as well. Not only this but in paragraph number five it talks about the sights of Europe and China. For example in the text it states that," Besides helping people, I had the benefit of seeing Europe and China. But seeing the Acropolis in Greece was special."

Also in the last paragraph it talks about how great the learning experince was. I know this because in the text it states that, "It opened up the world to him. I'm grateful for the opportunity, he say's. It made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs." For this piece of evidene I can infer that the trip was not just to see the sights and have fun but to get a learning exerince out of the trip. Many people may disagree with me and argue that the trip is not necessary. Why?

Well many people would say this trip is dangerous. For instance in the article, paragraph number seven it states that,"He slid down a slippery ladder on his backside." This piece of information could be why people think this trip is to dangerous.

From the previous examples I think that is why you should go this trip. Rember this trip is not for realaxing, but for a learning, and hard working, once in a lifetime experince. Also rember that you can still have fun while working. 