Places around the world such as Germany, America, Paris, and Columbia are all contributing to reduce the use of cars to help make the Earth a better place. In German they dont allow cars exept to be parked in a large garage (along with a $40,000 fine) so people can transport without using a car. Paris bans the use of cars to prevent smog which was indeed a problem there. In Bogota, Columbia, they pitch in to help by hosting a car-free day every year, once a year leaving people the options to hike, bike, skate, or take a bus promoting the use of excersize. Advantages to limiting car usage is reducing people from having stress and tensadity and saving the Earth from pollution and smog. Saving people from stress can be helped by the vancansy on the roads, things that limited car usage can provide. Limited car usage can also help contribute to the absence of air pollution and smog and saving your money.

"When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" retorted Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two. She, Heidrun Walter, along with others is thankful for the ban of cars because the ban reduces stress and tensity. Buisnessman Carlos Arturo Plaza can second this statement and does by stating "It's a good opportunity to take away stress...". With the absence of traffic jams stress can most definitely be altered to a place of no stress and car-free day can leave the streets devoided of traffic jams, according to Andrew Selsky. Stress can drive someone crazy and it's in everyone's best interest that we, as residants of the world, try and stop the things that can cause stress. Some may argue that not having a car is stressful, but having stress over the presence of traffic jams can over see any other kind of stress to be thought of. Heidren Walker and Andrew Selsky can both support that argument that having a car is a lead to stress that a reduction of cars can elimanate. Tensity and stress aren't the only upsides to a limitation on cars.

Are you tired of not being able to see bevause of smog and having bad particles in the air? Limitation can take away these issues! Paris can definitly be one to complain because in Robert Duffer's article "Paris bans driving due to smog" they had 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter (a little over Brussels counts and almost twice as the amount in Londons). Bogota is also struggling with the presence of smog and are in hopes to anialate the smog by having a car-free day. Car-free day also helps make the air pollution vanquish. Carlos Arturo Plaza gives his opinion by commenting "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." Limitating how much you use your car can greatly help places around the world and help your own body.

Almost 4,000 drivers were fined because they chose to invalidate the regulation of not using their car according to Robert Duffer. Is it worth paying the prices? Using your cars overly or when you shouldn't is like throwing away food when you're hungry. It does no good and gets you in a messed up situation. In German suburbs people had to pay a price of $40,000 to pay for a spot to park their car. Is it worth it? People who drove on car-free day had to pay fines of $25. Is it worth it? So much money is down right wasted because of the use of cars so why go down the road of empty pockets? It's not worth it. Save money and live better by not throwing your money down the drain.

Places around our world is promoting limiting car use in places like Germany, America, Paris, and Columbia. Germany and Paris are both bannings cars and Columbia is having a car-free day. Making sure we dont over use our cars can help with saving ourselves from stress, saving ourselves from smog and air pollutants, and saving ourselves from an empty wallet. There are so many advantges to limiting our use on how much we drive cars so do yourself a favor, save money, save your sight, get rid of stress and watch those miles!    