Do students get benefits from being able to attend classes from home?

In my opinion being able to attend classes from home is a great idea, by let students take classes from their homes, they could get extra time to help their families in different ways, one of those ways to help their families would be; get a job. Students who decides to work and help their families; porting money, somehow they get more opportunities and experiences in life. Those students that help their families with money, somehow they are learning how to be independent.

By providing classes online, somehow we are helping the parents to keep their sons and daughters in the right path, because sometimes students choice to be with the wrong people, by let students attend classes from home, their parents could be aware of what kind of people they are meeting with. By accepting the rules, students will learn responsibility and discipline as well.

As a matter of facts, students have the opportunity to spend time with their families, as we all know the support of your family is the most important thing a student can have. Somehow your family have a great influence in your future, and spending time with them would get you in the right path. However, some students don't have the support from their families, which means those students got to work and sometimes they don't have the opportunity to come to school, give them the opportunity to take classes online would help them to get prepare for their life and most important;their future.

In facts, online classes would help those students that are interest in continue their studies in the University or College, by give them time to prepare themselves in an specific area, and get knowledge in that area. For example, if a student is interesting in human services, he/she could get a job related with that area, specializing her/himself with what she/he wants for her/him life. Making it easier for her/him in the College or University because she/he would be prepare for whats coming in the future.

On the other hand, some students don't have any support from their families and they don't speak enough English, which means the can't come to school because of their jobs. Online classes would be a great start for those students to learn English and prepare themselves. Somehow this will show the students that they are capable of so much more, the only thing they need to do is work hard, and they will accomplish all their goals. Hope is a great thing we all should have, and have hope that everybody could become or accomplish all their goals, and all those people can change the world; it means a lot to me.

As a result of online classes; not only students will get benefit, but the country as well. By giving online classes, somehow we are preparing students, students who will make a different in the future, students who will make a better U.S.A for our kids. Therefore, we should give this opportunities to students who wants to become better, day by day.

Isn't that what you want?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         