The use of Facial Action Coding Systems could be very useful. There are several reasons for this. First of all there are several industries ot can be used in. Secondly it could help students get a better education. The last reason is that it could make advertisements more relevant. However there are also drawbacks to using a computer software to read people's emotions.

Several industries would benefit from this software. As the article mentions artists are required to be able to recognize the facial expressions of the people they are painting or drawing. These expressions are critical to conveying the correct emotions, so clearly the art industry could benefit from the use of Facial Action Coding Systems. Another way industy that this software could be used in is politics. The article talks about how the software can recognize the difference between a fake smile and a real smile. This could be useful when analyzing political figures as well as celebrities. A possible downside to this is cost effectiveness. The question of is the cost really worth it whenever there are already people in the world that can do the same thing.

Another useful aspect of the Facial Action Coding System is it's use in schools. In the article Dr. Huang, the co-developer of the system, says that "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Then it could modify the lesson, likean effective human instructor." This could be the most useful aspect of the software, because not everyone learns in the same way. If your computer could recognize when you were getting bored or confused and then fix the problem it would make learning much easier for a lot of people. It would also allow students to move at their own pace as not everyone works at the same speed. A downside to this software is the loss of jobs for teachers as well as the reliance on technology.

The last aspect is that it could make advertisements more relevant. The article states that if you smile when an internet ad appears on your screen, another similar as might follow. However if you frown, the next ad will be different. This is useful both for the consumer and the company. We all know that when an annoying ad pops up it usually gets ignored especially if we've already seen that ad one hundred times. But what if the ad was for something you actually liked then you might go buy it. The only negative about this is that the software won't recognize if you're smiling about the video you just watched or the ad that pops up.

In conclusion the Facial Action Coding System could possibly be very useful in the future. There are many industries where it could be used, schools could use it to make education more beneficial and it could make advertisements more relevant. However there are also a few issues which should be adressed before it could be used in mainstream businesses and schools. 