Have you ever been confused on how the president is elected from two huendred and sevendy votes when you see more than a that many poeple a day.  Well I'm not because I can't vote, but I do think that the Electoral College should stay in action.  People may not like the Electoral College because it isn't there vote that really dessideds the winner of the eletion.  I am in favor for the Electoral College because it does help us out even if we don't always see it.

The Electoral College helps us by avioding run-off elctions, where the votes are too close to desside a clear winner. It does this by in most states the majority of the popular votes dessides where all the votes go.  "That pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably produces a clear winner."(Posner)  In the 2012 election the populor vote in Florida was very close and if the president was dessided form the popular vote Floride would have had little effect on the eletion, but since the Electoral College dessides the winner, Obama had tweinty nine more votes to his campaign.  "Most states have a winner-take-all system that awards all the winning presidental candidate."(the Office of the Federal Register)

Some people may thing that the Electoral College sould be done away with so that the president can be dessided by popular votes.  If this were to happen then there would be the chance to have run-off elections, since there would be no clear winner if the votes were very close.  There would be the complete unbalance from state to state, Rhode Island would have little to no effect on the election, where as with the Electoral College it could be the state to choose the winner.

The Electoral College keeps it so that each state has a bigger impact on the election and saves us from run-off elections from a close number of votes.  If we didn't have the Electoral College in place then history would be different for better or for worse, but I think that the Electoral College should be here to stay.    