Imagine this: You walk into a orthodontist office and you wait patiently until your name has been called, you go to the back and let the staff do what they normally do. A while later the doctor there tells you everything that needs to be corrected with your teeth but then he starts saying how they need to pull out a few teeth. scary right? Your parents obviestly don't want to pay for that so you go to another orthodontist office for more recommendations about your teeth. At this new orthodontist they do everything they did at the other office. A few X-rays, and teeth molds later they finally come to the conclusion that you actually don't need to get your teeth pulled. thank god. Maybe getting more then one recommendation isn't so bad so thats why seeking for multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.

First of all, making good choices are very important in life, you don't want to make bad decisions that come with bad consequences right? So making good decisions can help you in the future. Say you robbed a store because you're poor and don't have enough money, you get caught and the police arrest you. That's going to stay on your criminal record for basically the rest of your life. With that on your criminal record applying for jobs would be a lot harder since they don't criminals working with a bunch of innocent people. Not just jobs but applying for colleges would be even harder to get into. College is very important but getting the money for it is a struggle too. People who give out scholarships are looking for students who have good grades, no criminal activities and are overall good at school. So making good decisions is the way to go because it makes everything a lot easier and if you're also nice to everyone they would want to be around you more!

Getting opinions from other people are important, especially with something thats permanent. Let's just say that you are fresh out of college and have some spare money and you get this really cool idea on what to spend it on.

You want a tattoo. You ask your friends if you should get one that has a meaning to it and most of them say yes! The tattoo you will be getting is in memory of your dog that had passed away a few months ago. The idea of the tattoo is going to be a paw print but with a little twist. Instead of the regular bottom of a dogs paw you wanted it to be hearts. This means that any choice in your life can effect how it goes!

Asking some of your friends and family members for opinions would be good because they would always be honest to you, unless they're really mean and don't care how you feel, but thats unlikely to happen so you're okay! When you're a teenager you tend to buy stupid stuff, like putty, slime, a Star Wars Lightsaber, basically stuff you really don't need. If you really want to buy something but aren't sure if you really want it or not I recommend that you ask your parents because they're always trying to do their best and they want whats best for you so good ahead and ask them! This explains to think before you do! But in this case Ask for opinions then do!

In the end, everything matters in life especially your safety so don't go around and make bad decisions that effect you in the future! And if you go back to the orthodontist story in the beginning, what would've happened if you didn't get those recommendations? Would you have lost some teeth? Would you be in pain? who knows! The only thing I know is that it woud've been a lot of money! 