When I think of school I think of a boring room, a teacher talking too fast during a lesson, a desk thats too uncomfortable, and peers i'm too afraid to talk to. It's hard to keep up in class when the teacher talks 100 words per minute. "I wish I could learn in my room". Many students constantly face these problems everyday. I do think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

One big point is that students would be able to learn at their own pace. It's highly frustrating when my peers and I can't keep up with the teacher during the lesson. Students wouldn't feel rushed to understand the topic as they can pause the video as many times as they need to. Feeling rushed gives teenagers more stress and anxiety when they don't fully understand information a teacher is saying. It's a proven fact that students are able to learn better when they take their time with learning and understanding the information presented to them.

Second of all is that they are able to learn in the comfort of their own home. Most students get anxiety when they step into the building because of all the constant stares and looks they get. I hate coming to school because the amount of stares I get at seven forty-five n the morning is a lot on my shoulders. Some of my peers don't have proper socialization skills they need for their future. I had severe shyness up until 9th grade because I was always scared of talking to people I did and didn't know. Plus most students learn better by themselves rather than in a classroom. There are a lot more distractions in a classroom than there are at home.

Third of all no one would have absences. Students would be able to take care of appointments and not having to worry about missing class time. When I miss class time it always stresses me out to the max because I have to learn that information all by myself and hope that one of my classmates can explain it properly to me. Student's wouldn't have an excuse to miss any classwork since it would all be online. Teenagers are experts at using technology so they have no excuses what so ever if they miss work.

There are points to make about how students wouldn't benefit from taking classes at home. They could still get distracted. Since most teenagers have a phone it would be inevitable for them to not get distracted by it. They could also forget to watch the lesson. I have forgotten to do classwork at times. It will just slip my mind because I stress about so much that i'll just forget about it at times. The cheating could be a lot worse if students could take classes at home. No one would be watching them so they wouldn't get caught in the act.

I do think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Students would be able to learn at their own time witch would be really beneficial to them and the teacher. They would be able to learn in the comfort of their own home which could improve test scores and their attitudes. There would be no absences. It would be physically impossible to miss something since they would be doing distance learning. 