Seeking multiple people for an opinion on something can be good for a multitude of different reasons. For example, if you only ask one person you only get one piece of input, so the decision won't be as well thought out as it would have been if you got another person's opinion, because you would have to think about all of them and decide. Another reason to get multiple opinions is because you will feel more comfortable knowing that you picked from more than one person's view point on the situation. Finally, getting more input just means that you are getting more information on what others think, because not all people think alike. These three points are all great reasons on why you should get more than one opinion when seeking advice.

One piece of input is not enough to make a decision. When seeking advise, you should not make a decision based on one person because you could jump to making a rash and bad choice, due to lack of knowlege or input. Someone might have given you bad information and you wouldn't know, because you only went to that one person. If you take the time to think about everyones view, you will eventually come to a decision you feel more comfortable with, which is my next point.

If you get more people to tell you what they think you should do, you will feel much more comfortable knowing that you got the input from many different people when it is time to decide what to do. If you only go to one person, you might have second thoughts about the decision or feel like you made the wrong one. If you go to multiple people, on the other hand, you will feel much better about it because you chose out of multiple opinions, so you will be more sure of choosing the right advice for the situation. For my final point, I will be talking about how getting more input is better than less.

Getting more advice and input on something is just better in general, especially when your having trouble coming up with a decision on your own. When you get more advice on something, you will become more knowlegable on the situation and feel better overall about it. Someone might be giving bad advice to you and talking to more people about it can help you make a much better decision. You can even use multiple people's advice to strengthen your choice, instead of only going with one.

I hope that after reading this you will start asking multiple people for advice instead of just one, because of the points I stated in this essay. First off, asking more than one person for advice will make your final decision more thought out and better than if you just got one. You will also be much more comfortable making a decision with more input because you will have gotten to pick out of multiple people's view points. Finally, getting more advice and input is just better in general because you are more knowlegable on the situation and will most likely feel better about making the choice than if you only asked one person. I hope that you take all of the points into consideration the next time you ask for advice on anything.