Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during break. Should these summer projects be teacher-designed or student-designed. I believe summer projects should be student-designed because it allows students to be more involved in what there learning and it also allows students to learn at there own speed and level.

My first reason on why summer projects should be student-designed is that it allows the student to be more involved in what there learning. For example if a student receives a summer project from he or she's teacher it's highly likely that the project will be focused on everything that the student has learned before the summer. But what if the student dose not need to learn everything what if they only need to focus on certain thing that they are struggling with that's why I believe that student-designed projects would benefit students better; because it give them the opertuntitie to create a project that can focus on things that they are struggling with and improve upon it.

Another reason I believe summer projects should be student-designed is because it allows students learn at there own speed and level. I personally believe that the summer projects that are given to student are pretty challenging and a lot of students and because of this a lot of student either decides not to do the project or they cheat and end up not learning anything; thats why I feel so strongly that student should be allowed to choose and designed there own projects i believe this will help students learn without being overwhelmed or overly challenged. On the other hand teacher may feel that if they designed the projects that it will be better for students and they also may feel that overly challenging students is a good thing because it put students in a position to challenge themselves and to learn at a higher level; and while statement has a point I still have to disagree because while its true that some students may benefit from this there are still a lot of students who wont I believe that a student my first master the level that there at now in order to proceed into a higher level of education.

These are all the reasons i believe summer projects should be student-designed because it allows students to be more involved in what there learning and it also allows students to learn at there own speed and level.   