The electoral college is a very important this to keep when desiding the presidend. Our founding father established this process in the constitution. The presiden has to have trans-regional appeal he cant just have a lot of states on his side. it is true that public voters dont directly vote for the president and sometimes the electores may not vote for the right person.

The process of the electoral college is writen in the constitution by our founding fathers. Its a compromise between congreses votes and the peoples votes. To win the electoral votes you have to have 270 votes witch is the majority of the votes. Every candidates has his or hers own group of electors that are choosen by the political party.

The presidental candidate has to have trans-reginal appeal because a candidate with reginal appeal is unlikely to win. If a candidate were to campaign heavily in one region he or she will gain no electoral votes. so the candidates have to go croos contry and not stick to one region to actuly gain anything. A candidate can make every person in one reginon vote for him. But the candidate that go cross contry have a better chanse of wining because they have more electoral votes.

Yes a puplic vote does not go direcly to helping a person win but it does help. if there were no elctoral colled a candidat could go to all the hevily populated stae and get all those votes and be puy in to office like that. Just because you are voteing for a slate of electoros doesint mean you are not voting. The publics votes go twored helping choose the electors that vote for the president.

The electoral college is a good thing to have when voting for the president. Its a compromise between congress and the citizens thta was set by the founding fathers. It makes it so that a candidate cant just win over one part of the contery and win; he or she has to win over the majorety of the people. Yes you are voting for people to vote for you but your votes choose those people. The electoral colleg is a grate prosse to have and keep.                                                                            