Always Seek Different Opinions

When it comes to decision making, people aren't always the best at it. When people are facing problems and have to make a decision, they normally just ask one or two people's opinions other than their own and just go with what that person said. Is that really the best way to handle that situation? It is the worst way to react way to the problem other than just thinking about your own opinion. When making a choice, you should always seek many different people's opinions. Those people may have different points of view, may know something others don't know, or may have actually experienced what your facing. Therefore, never just seek one opinion, but seek many different ones.

Before you make a choice, always ask different people for their opinions because they may have different points of view. Let's say a new school is being made and they are trying to decide if they should force students to wear uniforms. The pricipal thinks that uniforms would be good in school because of the professionalism in the looks of the uniforms. The principal of the school asks many people's opinions on what he should do. The people he asked had different body sizes, such as big and small. Often, uniforms are made for a specific body size. The bigger people said they thought uniforms should not be required because the uniform was specifically made for slim or skinny people. Having small clothes that make you uncomfortable make it hard to concentrate to work. The smaller people said that uniforms should be required because when they attended school, the uniforms made them look good and work efficiently. Different points of view makes very different opinions.

Even if you think that you have made up your mind on what you want to do, always ask other's opinions because they may know something that you may not have actually known. For example, let's say Generic_Name just graduated high school and is looking for where he wants to go for college. He has his mind set for College A but wants to ask his family for their opinions. He thinks College A is great because there is a soccer team he can try out for and that he can get a schollarship. His family tells him that he is correct but College A doesn't have a good learning program. That means that he would have a problem later on about finding a job after college. His family then reccomend for him to go to College B because it is closer to home, has a good learning program, and has a soccer team. He didn't relize how good College B was and decided to apply for College B after the conversation with his family. You may think you know all the facts but always ask for other opinions because you might learn something.

Let's just say you and your family are trying to plan a trip but can't decide where to go. Asking different people's reccomendations will help a whole lot. The people you are asking most likely have experience with the place they suggested. For examle, if one person reccomended going to a beach, they would give different reasons to go to that beach. You could compare different people's opinions and reasons to make a final decision on where to go. Other people's experience will make your decision easier to make.

When it comes to decision making, people aren't always the best at it. Normally, the person just thinks of their own opinion and maybe one other and just goes with what they said. When trying to decide on something, always ask for different people's opinions. Opinions differ from point of view, weither you know something someone else doesn't, and by experience. Therefore, whenever you face a problem, never just seek one opinion, but seek many different ones.                 