Limiting car usage can be a good idea because. You can use public transportation, have less space for parking, it can improve safety and save time.

Car-pool with friends thats a way to save on gas. So on school days you guys can switch turns and it can also work with your job. Also you can live somewhere that your job and school is close by so you want have to waste gas. But if your school and job is far away another way is you can ride you bike or catch the public transportation bus. There are van services for gettting to work.

Limiting car usage would be beneficial implication for carbon emissions and the enviroment. Greenhouse gas emission would reduce to 12. Car free day everyone should have a car free day including in america everywhere. Car free day is when you hike,biked,skateboard or just take the bus to work. Car free day is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Limiting car usage lower air pollution. Cold nights and warm days cause the warmer layer of air to trap car emisssions.

Did you know that Beijing,China is know as one of the most polluted cities in the world. But as you can see driving cars is bad for our planet. It puts pollution into the air which is bad. we can have more accidents now that teenagers are getting their license.

Having teenagers driving cars now makes it even more dangerous, Even for the people crossing the street bicyclist and runners. there are even more car accidents happening now then it wasd before. When kids get into car accidents it makes their parents insurance go up even more higher then it was in the first place. Teenagers really dont pay attention to the rode. one of the most ways most teenagers get into accidents is when they are texting and driving at the same time. Or another way is they can have they're music up too high and not aware of whats going on around them.

Inconclusion, limiting car usage can be a good idea because it can reduce air pollution, and greenhouse gas and make it more safety.            