The planet that some call the "Evening Star," Venus, is the closest planet to Earth at points in time. Despite the hostile and dangerous environment, the close proximity and sustainable innovations outweigh the challenges and open up many doors for research of one of Earth's neighbors. Long ago, Venus was most likely the most similar planet to Earth in the solar system.

In looking at the development and changes that Venus has gone through, the planet's past may turn into Earth's future. Though right now the atmosphere contains "almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets," and the surface averages over "800 degrees Fahrenheit," it has features found on Earth as well. These include "rocky sediment...valleys, mountains, and craters." Analyzing this enviroment more closely would allow for a deeper understanding of Venus, and may fufill the curiosity of scientists wondering what Earth's "twin" truly is like.

As the conditions of the planet were described brutally by the author, his claim for the investigation of Venus is strongly supported. Providing different propositions, he appeals to the cautious and ambitious readers. First, an idea is presented with scientists floating more than 30 miles above the ground conditions, giving insight on the planet below. With this, safety is the prominent factor. However, it makes it difficult to obtain effective pictures, and the ground can not be analyzed. A solution to this is found in the chemistry of silicon carbide, having the ability to last in Venus's conditions for three weeks. If this project was put into action, the author tells of how they would be able to obtain samples of the land, photograph and gain insight on the planet. A similar idea is rooted in the toughness of mechanical computers with more resistance to "pressure, heat, and other forces" that could be found from problematic obstacles on Venus.

In his final argument, the author tells how travels on Earth and beyond "should not be limited by dangers and doubts," instead "expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." With this, a statement is made to fight for advancing knowledge of the unknown. Overall, in "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author gives facts to both sides, but gives more support to show why it is a worthy mission despite the risks.