Texting while driving

Is it really that important? A text is not more important than your own life. So, what is you lose you job or your boyfriend/girlfriend or an interview, there is always a better job and lover, but no such thing as a life that's better than yours. Just one look can change everything. States in the United States are making laws that prevent you from having your phone in your hands, lap, or chest. While texting while driving is illegal in 47 states, its hasn't stopped some drivers from doing so. Not only are they putting their own life on the line, they risk others too. So, the next time you coming from work, late night, in your feelings, texting your ex how you want them back, blasting Marvin's Room and Jungle by Drake, just remember that you can't get your ex back when you aren't able to walk or worse deceased.

Texting while driving is a serious matter. Lives are at risk due to someone wanting to send just one letter to their friend. Since when was texting your friend more important than living to see them again. Some don't even text they just scroll on Instagram to see what's happening. If we still had flip phones and no touch screen people would just answer a call which is better but still risky because you take your focus off the road. Texts aren't gonna kill you if you don't text back, your mom will understand.

In 47 states texting while driving is illegal, but only few have made it illegal to have your phone in your hand or on you body while driving. The state of Georgia, July 4th, when they in-forced that law they racked up more that 35,000+ tickets in one day and that says a lot. If every state did the same, they would most likely accumulate one million 500 thousand tickets in one day. That's a lot of lives on the line, but people act as if they are masters of texting and driving. Little do they know.

Phones are a problem in the car. Car crashes have rocketed up dramatically since phones have been introduced. 2007 was the time the iPhone came to be and that was the beginning of something great to turn into a disaster. I read in an article that said; "American will participate in almost 42 hours a week of seated leisure activities by 2030". People don't pay attention where they are going or what they are doing when they are on their phone because they looking down and so focused on their phone. I bet if the world was ending most would even know unless they saw it on their phone, but by the time they knew it would be too late. Phones are one worst cause of death due to the lack of attention to everything else on this earth.

Look, your phone isn't your life remember that. Not everything revolves around it. A kid want to live to use a phone and drive a car, how about you put the phone down and give them that chance. If you don't have a chance with that girl, don't ruin somebody else's. You phone is always there, and that text might be too, plus you can always get a new phone, but you can't get a new life on earth. Put the phone down and live you life to the fullest, not to the shortest.            