How creative can students get on a project? There are many ways students could design a project.

Many students struggle doing projects when the topic is assigned by a teacher or hate the short amount of time the project is due. Although, Teacher's prefer give their students a topic that everyone could be on because it would be easier to grade. It would be interesting if the summer project was selected by students design because students would be able to get creative, there would be plenty of time to do the project, and students could get a chance to show their work edict.

It would be better for student to come up with unique ideas for their own project and they could learn a lot with researching. Also, Teachers would get to see the different topics their students came up with instead of seeing the same ideas they gave their students. Students could amaze teachers on the ideas they came up with and how they came up with the topic they choose. Students could also tell their teacher about what they resaerch and information they found out. I'd would rather come up with an awesome idea to show my teacher than have them give me a topic that is boring.

Summer is enough time for students to plan a project. They will have time to choose a topic on what the project is going to be on and they will have time to get the materials they need. They will also have many ideas on how the project would look like. Some students struggle doing a project in a short period of time because they either can't turn it in on time or they do not know what to do the project about. But if they student picked their project design then there won't be excuses on how they did have time to do their project or why it wasn't turned in on time.

Having students pick their own designed project is a great to show their work edict. Teachers would have many ways on grading students project like how hard their student was willing to try or put in effort. They could even see how long it could have took them based on how the project looks. Whether they wanted to do it and get a good grade or not care at all what they got. Some students that don't like to do work could have a chance to show their teacher that they could actually put in some work.

Students can show teachers the awesome projects they made with the ideas they came up with. Teacher could see the many different project ideas. Most students would enjoy doing a project by their design because they could show their unique styles. Teacher sometime have uninteresting topics that they pick out for their students. But, If students was able to pick their own design for the summer project then they would have creative ideas to show, enough time to do it, and could show work edict.