Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. In other words, Students should have the option of attending a public school or online school at home. If students choose to do online school at home, the education should be the same as public schools. Some individuals may disagree because they believe students will not to do their work, or take online school serious. Students should have the option of taking online school at home because their able to get a full night sleep, allowed to start online school whenever they want, and can control how fast or slow the lessons are going.

Students are able to get a full night sleep. Studies have shown that students should get about seven hours of sleep per night. On an average school night most students get five to six hours of sleep. On a normal school night, that is the most students are going to get. The biggest reason why students do not get a lot of sleep is because they stay up doing homework. Most people in high school either have activities or sports they are involved in. These activities can make individuals tired to the point where they end up doing their homework late at night. Students should have the option of doing online school so they are able to sleep in, and feel well rested in the morning.

Teenagers have the ability start school whenever they choose. In this time period teenagers are treated like young adults and our capable of making decisions by themselves. If the student feels tired in the morning, there is no start time for online school. For example, if there is a test they have to take the individual should be well rested and not tired. In Virginia, most high schools start around seven in the morning. These students are still teenagers and their brain has not fully developed yet. Teachers expect students to have gotten plenty of sleep the previous night. In fact, some students only get three hours of sleep which is not good for the body or the brain. With being said students have the opportunity on when they can start their lessons for school.

High scholars have the option of going at their own paste. Everyone is different and moves at a different speed than some people. With various classes students have to pass, not every student will quickly finish them. People tend to take a longer time with math, and may need extra time to understand the concept their learning. With taking school online you will not have a teacher at the front of the class room teaching. If you are a student who understands what is being taught, you dont have to wait on others to understand the concept. Working at your own paste can possibly help the student stay on task, and help them learn the lesson more efficiently. By working at your own paste and slowing things down can potentially help the student in a positive way.

Offering online learning for students at home might be beneficial to students. If students got nine or ten hours of sleep each night, their grades for their classes could be very high. With getting nine or ten hours of sleep students could start school in the middle of the day if they wanted, feeling well rested. Everyone is different in their own ways, and taking some classes in a slower paste doesnt hurt the student. If some schools offered online school for students to attend at home, this would open a positive aspect in a students life. 