Often times, students are more apt to finishing the project when they get to choose their own project. Many believe that working hard will continue your strength of knowledge. That being said, I believe that if students had to complete an assignment over summer break, it should be student-designed. This would give them the opportunity to show their creativity, knowledge, and work ethic.

Students who are able to choose their own assignment would be able to express their creativity how they believe it would fit. A portion of students could be excellent drawers, or just find enjoyment in drawing, and find that they want to do a project that they could express their drawing abilities. Others may find that they are more crafty and choose to do a sculpture of a significant scene in a book that they read. Students who are able to choose their own project can make it seem more interesting to them, given that they could make it how they want. Some may believe that having a teacher-designed project would be better, but not everyone would get to show their creative abilities. Creativity is an important factor that goes into making a project great.

Second, students that get to pick their own project, would be able to show their strength of knowledge that they have learned throughout the years. This would be able to help them create something extraordinary and impress themselves and their teachers. Being able to express your knowledge can show someone how far you have come in your education and what you are still weak in. Finding your weaknesses is an important aspect and can help you grow as a person both inside and outside of school. Students that get to pick their own projects would be able to make it challenging for themselves. People may think that having a teacher-designed project would be more fair to everyone, but I believe that everyone's knowledge is different, so allowing them to design their projects would accompany their knowledge best. Thus, being able to express their knowledge is another important component in allowing students to pick their own project.

Last, having students choose their own projects would help show their work ethic. By allowing them to choose their projects, it can aid them in allowing them to choose an assignment that they could finish in a couple of days, or challenge themselves and make a thorough project. Students, that I have seen, that get to pick their own projects are usually more ecstatic about making them above their expectations and have fun with it. This can also help them in managing their time wisely by being able to both finish the project and have fun during summer break. Some think that students should be given teacher-designed projects over the break so they will be more encouraged to finish them. I believe that if students are given a choice in what they want to do for their project, that it gives them more motivation to work on it and continue to make it better. Showing work ethic in an assignment is also an important aspect to allowing them to choose their own projects.

Overall, I believe that allowing students to make their own project shows their creativity, knowledge, and work ethic. Not only do they get to make it all of the above things, but they also get to have fun with it. Sometimes not everyone enjoys the assigned projects that they are given by their teacher, so this allows them to get to expand the horizon and make it their own. Therefore, I believe that if students are given a project over summer break, it should be student-designed. 