It'd be better to stay with the Electoral College when it comes to voting for the president. They try to evenly distribute the votes with every state, they don't favor certain candidates, and they're better trained for voting. Overall the Electoral College tries to keeps things fair for everyone. The Electoral College so far hasn't made a big mistake or elect a horrible president, so there's no need to mess with the voting system. Without the Electoral College, California would have the most votes put in to elect a president.

If there was no Electoral College all these little states like Rhode Island would have a hard time since their votes are rational compared to the big states like California. Richard A. Posner states "other things being equal, a large state get more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does" which makes things fair for everyone in small states or large states. The one big problem with the Electoral College voting is that there's only 538 of them while the United States consists of over 300 million citizens which makes almost all of the U.S. not voting for their president but instead for the people who vote for them.

Even though that is a pretty big problem, it does help keeps things fair when it comes to the favor of one candidate over the other. With the Electoral College, candidates that come from a certain region like the South aren't praised over more than a candidate from the North. If it were up to the citizens to choose, there'd be favor for candidates from different regions that represent them. Paragraph 19 says, "a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president"(Posner,19). The same paragraph brings out that no region has enough votes from the Electoral College to elect a president.

Within the Electoral College are people who are better suited to make the huge decision about who gets elected as president. If it were up to anyone to vote, then the whole system would be messed up. The Electoral College has electors who don't focus on candidates from their region or appearences but they focus on who they think would be able to run this nation the best. Even in most cases, the candidate with the more popular vote still wins. Along with that, the Electoral College tries to keep the electoral votes from being too close for disputes and ties.

So overall the Electoral College is better for the people when voting for president. They try tp evenly distribute the votes with each state,they don't favor certain candidates, and they're better trained for voting. With the Electoral College, they try to keep things fair for everyone so that we can all be happy.    