It is obvious that driverless cars are the future of transportation. Self driving cars not only provide you with a more comfortable and convinient way of getting place to place, but also a safer and more eco-friendly way of transportation. The development of driverless cars are a neccesity in moving into a safer and overall better future.

Driverless cars are equipt with the latest in sensor technologies. Used collectivley, the sensors provide a model of the world around the car and not only enable it to mimic the driving of a human, but more effectivley and precisely navigate roads. This makes the car safer than if it were operated by a human driver. Current driverless cars aren't even properley driverless. BMW developed a car that can handle basic driving functions at slow speeds, but sensors in the car's driving wheel make sure that an alert human is able to operate the car in dangerous situations (i. e. car accidents or work zones). Even if cars are not fully autonomous, the technology being developed for driverless cars can assist a driver and help to avoid crashes. Google's test cars alone have independently driven over a half a million miles without any crashes.

Future driverless cars can make traveling a more enjoyable experience. Google's cofounder Sergey Brin imagines a day where public-transport is not gas guzziling buses, but a fleet of driverless cars that only consume half of what modern car's do. Not only will these cars allow you to travel somewhere without having to worry about the road and even allow you to work or interact with family member, but will take you to a specific destination unlike current public-transport. Such cars could fundamentally change the world.

Development of driverless cars are the future in automotive transportation. There are little to no cons on the the development of such cars as well as an enormous amount of pros. Technology and research engineered for the production of these cars not only benifit the automotive industry, but can have applications outside of the industry even if driverless cars are not eventually commercially avalible. The future is self driving cars. 