People often question if they should ask multiple people for advice. This is usually from them being shy, or being afraid of judgment. You should ask multiple people for advice. Asking multiple people helps you to know the different opinions, see the similarities between the responses, see if anybody else has gone through the same thing, and the more opinions, the more advice. Getting different views on things does help you make a better decision, become more accurate, and get a better outcome.

When you don't ask multiple people, you don't get as much knowledge as you would from asking different people. When you do get a lot of opinions you get to see the different results. Everybody has there own opinions, meaning we're going to believe what we think is best, but maybe not best for the future. So it is always good for us to ask multiple people. For example, say you where trying to write an essay for a college, and you where deciding on what you should write about. Now this college focuses on music, so your two choices for the essay are about a famous scientist, and a historic composer, but you couldn't decide which one you wanted to write about. So you go and ask your friends which one you should write about, and a few of them say scientist, but the majority of them say the composer. Now you have multiple opinions, plus your own opinion, which helps to know what you should write about. Now don't get me wrong seeking multiple opinions doesn't mean your always going to get what you want, but it does help you make a better decision.

Different opinions also help you see the similarities and differences. To continue on with the example above, say you went with the Historic composer. Why did you choose this one? Besides the fact that it was obvious, probably because the majority of others chose this too. If only a few chose the other one then it's probably the weaker or less likely to get accepted, i'm not saying if you chose the other one you wouldn't get accepted, but you have a better chance with the one that most people would chose. Seeing what most people chose is probably going to be what most of the people grading youe essay will chose as the better essay.

For the last reason of why you should seek different opinions is to know if anybody else has gone through what your going through now. A lot of people go through the same things that your are going through now.

Knowing what they know ahead of time could help you to make a better decision before something happens. For example, say two people have already gone to the college that you want to go to. One of them got accepted into the college, while the other did not. You go to both of them for opinions. The one that didn't make it into the college, tells you that they didn't keep up with there work, and stay organized which is a big reason why they didn't get accepted. So you would most likely do what they didn't do because they weren't accepted. Next you go to the one that was accepted. They tell you to work hard, never give up, and keep studying. You listen to them too, and you do all of those things. Now you have a greater chance of getting accepted into the college, because you listened to more than one person, that had different views on the situation.

Through all of this I think we can agree that seeking multiple opinions is the way to go. It helps you to make a better decision in so many ways. By getting more advice, or more knowledge, seeing different views, and knowing if somebody else has gone through it you can make a better decision and be more accurate. In my opinion you should get multiple different opinions, because it has helped me out a lot. Think about the future, and others opinion before you make that decision.