Has anyone ever gave you advice? Was the advice helpful to the situation? Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Getting different opinions can help someone make a better decision because they will get multiple answers, different types of advice, and they will have more information on the situation then they started with.

By seeking multiple opinions people will get different answers and possibly make a better choice. For example, I was having trouble deciding what I should do my science project on, so I went and asked a few of my teachers. After I asked my teachers I was able to decide because of the advice they gave me. Ultimately, obtaining different problems on a problem can help someone make the best choice.

Not everyone has the same outlook on everything, therefore, asking multiple people for their opinions will give people different types of advice. For instance, I was going to wear an outfit, but I could not decide if it looked good or not so I asked my mom, dad, and brother what they thought. After receiving their opinions I decided to not wear the outfit because everyone but my dad did not like the outfit. All in all, the more people you ask for advice the more diverse answers you will get.

By gathering different advice people will have more knowledge and information on the situation, which will lead to having a higher chance of making the right choice. For example, My family could not decide where to go for vacation, so I went and asked my uncle, who used to traveled the world for photography, for his opinion. After talking for a long time he gave me a great deal of information on where and where to not go for vacation. Finally, after seeking multiple opinions, people will have enough advice and information to make the right choice.

By gathering different opinions it will help people make a better decision. Asking for advice can give people multiple answers, different types of advice, and more information on the subject. So next time you have a problem, and no solution, seek others advice and you will most likely make the better choice.