The face is simply a landform that ended up looking as if it were a face. If it were to be an actual face, I'm positive that the texture of the rock face wouldn't feel like it is made of rock. The face would decay and what would be left would be nothing but bones. The odds of finding an Egyptian Pharaoh's head on Mars is highly unlikely, or if there's any odds of that even happening at all.

In paragraph one, it states that the face is nearly two miles from end to end. If this were to be an Egyptian Pharaoh's face, it would have to travel all the way from Earth to Mars. How would the face even be put into space in the ancient Egyptian time period? Again, highly unlikely that a face traveled millions of miles through space and appeared on the surface of Mars. Just looking at the picture below paragraph five makes me want to believe that the face is really a face rather than a natural landform. The significant detail and shape of the face is so human like that it's hard to believe that is was naturally created over time. For example, the Washington Monument was hand carved with pick axes and with the use of dynamite. The detail is much more significant than the Mar's face, but yet how nature created it, I don't know and I don't quite understand how this was done. Considering this is two miles big also makes me wonder if this did come from outer space; the face's impact of hitting the crust of Mar's would ruin the structure of the face. The thought also of the face being made by craters hitting the face also doesn't quite make any sense. Could NASA possibly have made this up? People at NASA are very intellectual as they could maybe trick the world into believing that the formation of a human face on Mar's really happened. The odds of it being a natural landform is hard to believe, but also the thought of aliens creating the face is also highly unlikely.

In paragraph two, it states that scientists figured out it was just another Martian mesa, which is common around Cydonia, but somehow turned out looking as if it were an ancient Egyptian Pharoah's face. How this happened, nobody knows, but in my opinion, this is just a very odd coincidence. Maybe someone outside of Earth carved this? As people even have believed that aliens were the creators of the masterpiece. Nobody will ever know but it is sure that the face isn't an actual Pharaoh face like people hypothesized it was.

From reading the article, it seems as if NASA used the gossip about the face to try and make money off of the coincidential face that appeared on Mars. At the end of paragraph five, it states that, "defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars." Why might they wish there was an ancient civilzation on Mars? Simply so that NASA's discovery could make them millions of dollars. NASA bringing in the word alien is just dumb in the first place. Are you serious? We haven't even found one thing about aliens existing and you try and tell the public that aliens made this? NASA's purpose of the face in my opinion is for the money.

The idea that the face is bona fide evidence on Mars makes sense, maybe the people on Mars were giants with two miles wide faces? From only seeing pictures, there isn't evidence of anything, we can only state what we believed happened for a face to appear on the crust of Mars surface. As many people believe multiple different hypothesis, we need to do more research to see if there is any faces buried in Mars just like the one we discovered. More evidence that there is possibly life on Mars being similar to the face found would make people really believe that life outside of Earth is possible. We as people could believe that the face is really a Egyptian Pharaoh's face, or a natural landform created by either craters, erosion, or the face possibly being relocated and reaching Mars. As already being stated, we need more evidence of this being a real face. If this is really a face then there would have to be other pieces of the rest of the body somewhere, or more faces in Mars below the surface. The coincidence of a Pharaoh's face appearing on Mars is almost impossible, considering that Pharaohs were people that weren't exactly giants as a two mile wide head would demonstrate. Up close picutres of the face showing if there is possibly more detail than what is shown in the picutres provided would help the fact that this is actually an ancient Egyptian face. There is no way to prove this other than finding other evidence of faces so that this coincidence doesn't seem so much like a coincidence. Being created by aliens would be hard to prove, also using you're common sense that we have yet to find anything even close to the fact that aliens exist. We would first have to prove aliens are real, then somehow prove that aliens came to Mars, carved this face, then left without doing anything else. The chance of aliens carving out this face is also very highly unlikely, in my opinion there is no chance of aliens carving out a human face on Mars. 