Should driverless cars be allowed.?They should not be allowed because you can get really hurt, More time on repair,More accidents. These reasons support why I think that driverless cars should not be allowed. Should driverless cars be allowed, No because you can get really hurt. that topic supports why i think driverless cars should not be allowed because if you cant control what is going on then how do you think that you can avoid accidents or say someone is not paying attention and they pull out in front of you and you cant just slam on the breaks you have to wait for a sensor to be tricked so that way your car will stop this will lead to more accidents and or more deaths. This reason supports why i think that driverless cars should not be allowed. Furhter, driverless cars should not be allowed becuse they will cost more to repair. I say that because say you are driving down the road and something in the engine goes out and it causes you to be on the side of the road stranded. your gonna have to pay for a tow truck. also when you go in to get the car cheecked out and the part that blew out was something that they dont have in stores so you have to get it shipped which is already taking two to three business days to get here so your gonna be with out a car until then so your gonna have to rent a car which costs a fourtion,or the part that you need is brand new so its gonna be really expensive. Then you have to pay for someone to put the part in for you because since this is a driverless car and the techonology is new your not gonna know what goes were. these reason support why i think driverless cars should not be allowed. Lastly, do you think driverless cars should be allowed?. No, because there will be more accidents. I say that because a driverless car means that the person in the driver seat can not control the car in any way. so if you get to going fast and then your mom or dad calls or textes you and you have to look down and then when you look down a car cuts you off and gets in your lane then causes you to flip your car and or die. These reason support why i think that driverless cars should not be alowed. In conclusion, do you think that driverless cars should be allowed. no, I say that because you could get reallly hurt, cost more money to repair,and more accidents these reasons support why i think that driverless cars should not be allowed.