In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming", there are aspects that suggest driveless cars are or could be both beneficial and a potential for harm. Combining reality with the article, I firmly believe driverless cars will be more harm than help.

There are so many varied scenes and scenarios that are possible while driving; a person will never be fully aware of what scene could appear in the future. In the text, it is stated that "Human drivers must remain alert" (paragraph 7) suggesting that the "driverless" cars may not be programmed for EVERY possible scenario. The cars' reflexes may not be able to manage fast accidents or random incidents that can occur. What will the consequences be when the car isn't prepared and the human's attention is not in full focus on the road or the car?

Starting after the first Industrial Revolution, the world began to rely on machines and other inventions to provide faster and less labor. As much as technology is honored, faults still have occured. The world has seen machines malfunction and cause injuries or even death. Machines can never be fully trusted, at any second a virus or unintentional happenings can cause a machine to disprogram. In movies, it has been common to base a horror story off of a malnfunctioned item. At any given time, these cars could malfunction and not do the correct thing. For example, the brakes could get locked up and the car could lose the ability to stop. Another possible occurence is the steering wheel could lock or get left and rights confused. A simple malfunction can cause a lot of damage.

While the driverless cars improve and increase in function, humans' trust in these cars also increase. Humans will began to trust more in the cars' ability or drive, and slowly began to lose concentration while in these vehicles. Since technology is such a big role in society, people will focus more on their tablet and phone and let the cars' do all the work. People might not glance up for minutes at a time. If an scenario occured to fast and the car needed human help, the human may not be prepared. In the matter of seconds, we might not be able to react fast enough to get into proper position and get our minds focused on what is happening outside the car.

Technology improves everyday. As said in the text, driverless cars have been an idea for a while; but not all ideas are good ideas. Today's society already relies on inventions for less labor, the last thing we need is a driverless car. The road is not always the safest place. The road is very mysterious and can cause many tragic consequences. Not everyone will use driverless cars, so there will be potential hazards with conflicting into regular cars. The world will be a better place if we stop worrying about how to be even lazier, and more about what has corrupted us.                                                                   