Imagine, your school requiring you to do teacher designed projects while your on summer break. School's want to make sure their students are still learning during their time off, but is this the right way to do it? I think the students should be able to pick what type of project they want to do because, it will be something they are interested about.

If students are told to do a project about something they have no interest in, they either wont complete it, or will do a bad job on it. Especially without the teacher being right there to answer any questions they might have about the assignment. Students that get to choose their project will have more drive to want to do it, because its something they are interested in. They won't look at it as an assignment but as a learning experience for them to learn more about what they already enjoy.

It also gives students the ability to imagine and be creative when it comes to making the project for their self. Students will be more hands on and exited to do something that they get to pick oppose to a teacher rubric they would have to follow to complete the assignment. Also they might get bored and loose motivation throughout the teacher designed project. If students design their own projects it makes them put more thought behind it and use more creativity.

Students may not like the idea of doing schoolwork over their break, but if they get to choose what they do they might be more intrigued by the assignment. Although it might be harder for some students to come up with their own ideas, in the long run it will be more fun for them. Learning about something you are interested in, is a lot easier oppose to learning about something you dont care about. Getting students engaged in the assignment is the main point of making them complete one.

If students are engaged in learning more about something they enjoy, the knowledge about the topic will most likely stay in their mind better than something they either dont want to write about or dont know anything about. Furthermore if a student has a question on the assignment or doesnt know how to do something who are they supposed to ask when its summer and they are at home? Another reason why students should be able to pick their project is because, if its something they arent interested in they arent going to want to spend their time off doing it. Teacher designed projects are never going to get done over summer break, but let the student pick the project and you have a better chance to see a completed project.

I feel like students should definitely be able to pick their project based on how students are with assigned work they dont want to do. It gives a great learning experience and teaches independence for students who might need other life skills before they graduate high school. It not only teaches the students responsibility to have the project done but it teaches a lot more because they have to start from scratch and use their own ideas. Its a part of maturity to understand tasks and jobs that have to be complete.               