In 1945, World War ll had just ended. 44 countries joined to create the UNRRA(the United Nations Relief and Rehibilitation Administration. The UNRRA is an administration that helps a country that has lost quite a bit in the war. The UNRRA helped countries that lost food supply, animal supply, and more. They hired "Seagoing Cowboys" to help care for the horses, young cows, and mule that were going to be shiped to other countries.

I think that there are many reasons that people should join the UNRRA. The first reason that I have provided for you is that This is a once in a lifetime opportunity. The second reason I have is because even though you will be working you will be able to spend time with animals and you will see many sites that you would not have seen if you would have stayed home. The third reason I will provide is that not many people can do big oversea trips like that, a lot of people get very seasick. My final reason is that you would know you would be helping innocent people. You would know this because not everybody is in on these wars in fact most people are not in on big wars because they know it will tear apart their family.

I think that there are some claims that Luke has made that I should share. I think that one of Luke's claims that I should share is he said, "I'm grateful for the opportunity. It made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs.". I think that he could support this because a lot of people, families, homes, and countries are destroyed and seperated. Another of Luke's claims was, "Besides helping people, I had the side benefit of seeing Europe and China. But seeing the Accropolis in Greece was special." I think that this can be supported because this would be truely amazing. I think that he did a good thing to choose to help the UNRRA, but being able to see Europe, China, and Greece would be incredible.

I think that Luke was a very incredible "Seagoing Cowboy". I think that some details to suppot this are that he lasted 9 trips to nine different countries. This is incredible because that is the longest any "Seagoing Cowboy" has ever lasted. I think another reason he is an incredible "Seagoing Cowboy" is because he decided to help the UNRRA. I bet that at the begining he was extremely nervous and I bet that he wanted to go home to his mom, dad, and siblings if he had any. My last reason that he was incredible is that he kept working even if he got seasick, or if he wanted to go home. I think that work was one thing that he used to get his mind off of things he worried about.

There are some thing that he could've done on the positive and the negative side. First, on the positive side, I thinkthat if he really set his mind to it he could've been a "Seagoing Cowboy" for at least 10-12 trips. I think that some benefits to staying longer would be that you would've been able to do more sight seeing, also you would've been able to spend more time with the animals. One thing that would be negative is that he would've gotten seasick more times than without staying.

I think that I would've signed up for this opportunity because I love animals and I really like being on the ocean. I think that this would be a great chance. I think that they should have things like this in 2016. I think that there are a lot of countries that could use something like this, one that I can think of off the top of my head is Syria. They could use all the help they could get, they could use food, shelter, animal products, and animals in general. I think that I would think the same way as Luke. I think that me and my friends would all sign up and we would do everything together. We would care for the animals together, we would eat together, we would sightsee together, and lastly we would take breaks and stop together. My overall thought is that this would be great but it would also be extremely dangerous.