Have you ever heard of a driverless car? Google has had driverless cars like this since 2009. These cars have driven more than half a million miles without a single crash. These types of carsstill have to have a human operate them when pulling into drivways, going around accdents, or having to deal with complicated traffic issues.

My position on driverless cars are, they should not be a thing. There would be more car wrecks than there are now. What if the car ends up turning at the wrong area and does not pick up that there is a car in front of them. The car would end up crashing and could the result could be life threatening. The car could have a bad sensor and just keep driving straight. Then, the car would end up hitting a pedestrian or another object.

There are positive sides to the driverless cars though. The cars will save individuals more on gas money. The driverless cars use only half of the fuel of today's taxis. They say that the driverless cars are also more flexible than a bus. You also would not have to have your hands on the steering wheel at all times. You can relax and just watch your surroundings. The car will alert you when you need to take control over the car again. You also would not have to buy a car because you could the driverless cars would be a public transportation like taxis.

There are more negative things about the cars then there are positive. What if the car just shuts down in the middle of the highway? More people are going to hit you and it will affect more people. What if the sensors are very sensitive and will detect a branch in the middle of the road? The car will stop and people will hit your bumper. There are a lot of dangerous and life threatening things about the driverless cars.

The driverless cars seem very neat but, they also seem very dangerous. Too many things could go wrong, like a sensor could go out and you could hit another vehichle. The car could miss the turn and you could hit a pedestrian or another object. If the sensors are very sensitive, they could detect the smallest thing like a small tree branch and cause your vehichle to stop in the middle of the road. These cars will cause more crashes than the regular human driving cars. They also say that the safest vehichle, is a human driving vehichle. In my opinion the driverless cars are a very bad idea to bring into this world.