With the advancement in technology in the world we live in today, there should be no surprise of a car with the capabilities to drive itself. Though it does give technology yet another human job, driverless cars should be manufactored. I do not believe they should be maufactored for the average person though. Driverless cars should be manufactored for the blind, elderly, or anybody who does not have the driving capabilities that most have.

Driverless cars should be manufactored for the elderly. Very few people above the age of 70 have the driving capabilites and safety they once did when they were younger. For this reason, a driverless car would be ideal and safe for them to use for transportation. The driverless car would be a safe and effective transportation method for the elderly, this is one reason why driverless car should be manufactored.

Another reason the driverless car should be manufactored is how it will help the fight against drunk driving. With the computer at the wheel, and not the drunk driver, this could prevent from an accident or even a death. Though they could take control of the wheel, the computer system could be capable of recognizing such danger with the sensors, and take over for safety. The driverless car would be good to develop so that it could help in the fight against drunk drivers and other intoxicated drivers.

My final reason that the driverless car should be developed is so that the handicapped could have an easier time with transportation. The blind, the wounded, and the deaf all have their diffuculties with transportation. With the advancement in technology and cars, this would make it easier for them to get from one place to another. With the technology driving for them, they won't have to worry about there disability affecting them. With a safe driverless car developed, the handicapped community would get a better way of transportation.

In conclusion, technology is not always meant for fun. When the technology can greatly improve the life of the eldery or handicapped, it should be developed or used. When the technology can keep other drivers on the road safe from intoxicated driving, it should be developed and used. The driverless car can do all of the above, which is why it should be developed and used.     