Online schooling or video confrencing with classes or teachers is one of the ways for students to learn without actually being present in school. Students can take courses online desgined exactly how in-class courses would look, and still get credit and an understanding of the material from it. Many students now are using this option to learn from home, wether because of choice or another reason that prevents the students from not being in school. Many times students can benefit from this option of online schooling since they are more capable of learning at home or on the go. There are many reasons why a student would choose this option, or just benefit from it, over an in school class with many students and a teacher. Online school benefits kids because it is a good way to learn if someone gets easily distracted by people, someone is sick enought to not go to school, or any other circumstances where kids can not be present in a classroom.

If a student gets very distracted at school, by classmates, noise, or has a learning disorder, online schooling would be very beneficial for them. They would be able to get the credits they need while potentially getting better grades because of the less distracting enviornment they choose to learn in, that is not school. These kids may also just not need as much management or structure as school has with kids who have from learning disorders or are simply better off wokring alone. The benefits for students to graduate on time with all the credits they need and to be able to get good grades, would outweigh the negatives of not going to school. Some say that kids should be present in school to learn crucial life skills because they will need to work and live in the real world. While those are true, school may present a different challenege for those kids since they are more suseptable to distractions at an earlier age. They are also ways to work from home as an adult, or work somewhere with little distractions. Online school and video confrencing from a chosen area that is not school is a good idea for kids who need a minimum amount of distractions and who need to be able to be left alone to work, so as to get their schooling and credits done easily and effciently.

Students who are sick enough to not go to school, but not to sick to stop learning, can greatly benefit from online schooling. Some sicknesses, such as some forms of cancer and lyme diesease, can make it difficult to stay at school the entire day, but not difficult enough to halt learning all together. Many times kids need treatment throughout the day, which prevents them from going to school, but they still need to learn and graduate regardless. This option of schools offering online schooling enables students who are sick to be able to get the education they need while still recieveing treatments or not infecting other students. While most people agree that it is easier for kids who can still learn, but not in school, to do online school, some people think differently. Other people may say that while kids are sick and shoudn't be in school, they shouldn't be learning outside of school because it's less effective or that if someone is too sick to be in school, they shouldn't do school at all until they get better. Even though there are many kids who are just too sick to do any thing, some sick kids are still high functioning and have the ability to learn without having to take the trouble to go to school full time until they fully recover or recouver enough to be able to go back to a classroom full time.

Because online schooling does not require a student to show up at a particular place at a set time, many more kids would be able to do many things while still going to school. Sometimes, kids have a family emergency that completely prevents them from going to school and having to take a lot of time off from school. Other times kids may be involved in something that takes up the school day, or part of it, and they need to be able to acess another way of learning, such as online school. This provides an effecient, and most likely non-time consuming, way of learning for kids that have to be on-the-go or gone from school for an extended period of time. Although some people agree with this, others think that attending school needs to be kids main priority and that there should be no exception to kids not attending school. While attending school should be kids main priority, there are other opportunities and unforseeable things that happen and cause students to miss a great amount of school. So, online schooling is a great opiton that schools should offer for these students.

Online school is a smart choice for schools to offer to kids that have a learning disorder or trouble focusing, students who are sick, and students who have other reasons preventing them from apperaing in school. Even though there are many good reasons why online school benefits students, some people think that no one should do online school. Their reasonings are that students will be able to get a better understanding of the content in class and with a teacher. Kids would be able to acess help with a subject that they don't understand faster at school, than out of school. There are also other benefits to kids going to school rather than doing online. Students would be able to bounce ideas off of each other more effciently and easily with more people in the classoom with them. Also, in online school, kids would most of the time be alone, which could lead to students not doing their work or not paying attention to the lesson. While all of these arguments are possible, there are still many benefits to kids using online school or video confrencing becasue of circumstances that many people don't understand. Schools should ultimately offer online schooling and video conferencing for their students because there are many benefits to it that provide a good learning and school experience for everyone.