Dear Principle,

I have heard about how you are deciding on banning cell phones, or allowing them at school. I hope you will consider to allow them at school during free time, such as before and after school. We students have many important uses for cell phones, such as calling our parents, calling friends incase of a problem at school, or to dial nine-one-one when needed.

If there was a problem where we needed to be picked up because it is raining and we do not have an umbrella, we would not be able to if we did not have our cell phones. Another example would be if a friend or classmate needed a ride home. And when parents pick up their children, their is always a long line at the front of the school, so they call them to let them know they will be parked by the curb two blocks down the street.

Another reason is if they need to call their friends for homework, such as when a science project is due. They can also call them to let them know that they left a belonging at their house, or if they have a question only their friend can answer. If they had a argument in school, and want to talk about it, wouldn't they want to call their friends? Well they would need their cell phone in order to do that.

Let us say that a female student was walking home, when she happened to encounter a bully is abusing a child younger then him. She would not be able to do anything but tell an adult right away. But let us say it happened in a alley next to an abandoned store. The only choices for her would be to interfere, or call nine-one-one. The latter is a much better idea, considering that it is a lot safer, and she would not get hurt.

I hope I have convinced you of why cell phones should be allowed in school. It helps students keep in touch with parents and is a great backup in an emergency! If there was a problem where the students were to use their cell phones in class, it can be solved by telling the teachers to confiscate them until the end of the day. Thank you for taking your time to read this letter. I can not wait to hear you decision!

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME      