Research shows that students work better at home compared to going to school five days out of the week. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home rather than at school because It relives them from large amounts of stress, its allows them to to focus and learn more efficiently, and it gives them plenty of one on one time with their teacher.

To start off, attending classes at home will relive students of stress. Many students go to school with bullies and many unkind people, the aftermath of this it that many students suffer from stress and anxiety. Stress and anxiety are not good for human beings physically, mentally, and emotionally. Therefore we should take it very seriously especially for the students trying there hardest to receive a good education. For instance there are multiple bullies in school that enjoy picking with others, this causes students to be fearful of going to class. Being bullied is a big burden to bare. This will cause many students to not willingly attend school in fear of being bullied. Also school can be very hard and challenging. While your at home their is a higher possibility of being more relaxed and calm, rather than at school it can be very hectic and judging. Home is somewhere and you can relax in a quiet peaceful area while you are doing your schoolwork. Taking classes at home will allow students to stay away from all the hate and negativity.

Furthermore, attending classes at home will allow students to be able to focus and concentrate more efficiently. Many students complain of their classmates being goofy or disruptive, students in the hall making noises and being to loud, and even fights and arguments within the class rooms are a major interruption. If students had classes at home it would be so much easier for them to focus in a calm and quiet area. For an example, Many teachers say that multiple people in there classes find it hard to focus due to class clowns, students acting out, hallway disruptions, and being distracted by doing things that were not instructed by the teachers. Also many students found it very challenging to focus on what they needed to when all they heard was ruckus. A result of not being able to pay attention, many students tend to fail or not make the grades needed to pass the class or even the grade. Many parents would consider having their children attend their classes at home so there children can be successful. In order of passing your will have to be able to pay attention which is very hard in a class full of students.

Lastly, it allows students to have more one on one time with there teachers. In a class full of students, it can be very hard trying to assist every students with all there wants and needs. Also there are many students that are confused on what they are learning because the lack of help and attention they are receiving. For example, a students once said at one point she was clueless on what she was doing. This was because the teacher was never able to get with her and work through the problems due to the teacher trying to satisfy everyone else needs. This is a problem because every now and then students need individual help and it is hard to receive that help when others need it as well. This can all be resolved by letting students attend classes at home. This will allow students to receive the one on one help they need with their teacher. The teacher will be able to walk through with the student step by step and teach them the way needed.

In conclusion, Students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home rather than at school because It relives them from large amounts of stress, its allows them to to focus and learn more efficiently, and it gives them plenty of one on one time with their teacher. Attending classes at home will benifit studnets in many ways.                   