Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I think we should have cell phones in school for several reasons. What if there is an emergency? Will we be saved? Is there a punishment? What will happen if I get caught? those are all good questions, but the most important question is whether or not its a good idea to have them or not. If we could have cell phones in school, I think they should be turned off and if they get caught texting or calling someone just to get them in trouble, then they should both be in trouble. You should have a cell phone because if there is an emergency, you might not know what to do and then you can take out your phone and call 911. In class we had a debate whether or not we should have cell phones in school and most of the votes went to the pro side stating, "We should be allowed with cell phones in school." But don't get me wrong. It is also very important to not have cell phones in school. One reason is because you could cheat on a test. Let's say you were taking ISAT's you might not know how to solve an equation and you might ask someone to help you through texting. You might not know how to do something but your friend does and you might take advantage of you're friend and they might not want to talk to you anymore. This could be very hurtful to you and the people you hang out with. You might get so angry about the decision you made and not feel happy about what you have done you decide to get in a fight at school. You could also heard that someone is texting their friend and you overheard them so this causes drama in school and out of school.

I guess you could say I go both ways in deciding whether or not it is safe to have cell phones in school. It is important to have at least one wireless cell phone and one in the classroom for everyone to use. If your in a classroom, and you here someone hitting their pencil against the desk or table, then that might be annoying to you so can't concentrate harder on your work than others. Imagine hearing cell phones ringing or vibrating against the desk. that is another example on how you can't concentrate in one class as you do in your other class. You could be taking a very important test and out of nowhere, you hear a funny ring tone on someone's phone because their other friend is calling him to get him in trouble. You might get distracted and you might not know what question your on or you might not remember what you learned and your brain might just go blank. You could be confused on what you did before and you might say what did I do last, or how did I get this number.

In my opinion I think it is good to have phones in school just not wireless. I think one that is the school phone. Some teachers could even have their cell phone because maybe they can't reach it, or someone hacked the service. Thank you for your concern and I would love to hear the outcome of your decision.

Thank You,

STUDENT_NAME