Schools claim that they are preparing their students for the future, however, the future is changing. Students need a new set of skills including independent thinking, finding and solving problems, and even being a leader in today's modern world. One of the best ways for teachers to help students develop these skills is through allowing them to take on projects which allow them to explore their interests and create something that is their own. Some people may say that a teacher-designed project is vital for providing students with the necessary base to create a meaningful project, but there is more value in a project that a student is able to choose. When students are given the opportunity to choose their own project to do over the summer, they will develop important skills that are necessary later in life, pursue the topics that interest them, and still enjoy their summer break.

Planning and organizing is an integral part of many jobs today. Scheduling meetings, creating deadlines, communicatitng with others, and coming up with original ideas are all things companies are looking for in employees. These are also the same skills that are used when students make their own projects. An example of a project where students are given the choice to choose whatever they want to do is the Personal Project in the IB Program. In this project students are allowed to pick something that interests them and follow a few guidelnes to complete this project. It is obvious that programs such as IB continue this activity because it has forced students to think in a way that school maybe has not taught them before. Furthermore, the creation of a student's own project is a chance for students to develop essential research skills. When teachers give students a topic for the project, it is much easier to research that already given topic. However, when students have to research multiple topics for their own project, they must learn to make decisions on what sources are helpful to them and which ones are reliable. Some people may say that a teacher-designed project will provide students with the same opportunities to develop their skills. However, it is clear that a self-designed project offers so much more.

Nobody would expect a doctor to know how to run a business and nobody would expect a carpenter to know how to teach calculus. This is because everyone has their own talents and interests and they should have the ability to flourish in whatever it is they choose. A self-designed project would be the perfect opportunity to do so because through allowing a student to make the decision on what they want to do, teachers are giving students the opportunity to discover their interests. Also, students will learn that learning can actually be enjoyable. Since it is their summer break, allowing students to choose their projects is necessary because it will show them that learning in the summer does not need to stop just because school is over. Learning about their own interests is just as valuable as learning about another topic, but it can be more fun and enganing. It develops the passion for something many students lack. Some people may say that a teacher-designed project would still give students the opportunity to discover their interests. However, they are wrong because if the project was teacher-desiged, then the teacher would be able to choose the topic, leaving students with little to no freedom pn what to do. Overall, schools should not be taking away from summer break, rather they should be incorperating more engaging assignments and allowing students to continue enjoying their break.

In conclusion, self-designed projects are for more beneficial and engaging than any teacher-designed project will ever be. Summer break is a time for students to take a break from school. If schools want to be successful in preventing their students from stopping learning, then they should develop more interesting projects. Not only is this type of project essential in developing necessary leadership skills in a student at a young age, but it also gives students the opportunity to create something that is interesting to them. It may show students that education can be incredibly fun and can be incoorperated into their daily lives. If students are given teacher-designed projects the entire year, this self-designed summer project can be just the thing they need to take a break from school and pursue something because they want to, not because the teacher made them.                   