I do agree with the principles decision on making every student take an extracurricular activity. Beacuse students should learn to do more things than just learn english or math or any subject like that, since it could help them be more active during school, it will also give them more opportunities after they finish school. Some students may not be as smart as others when it comes to learning in school but, that should not mean that they should not have as much of an opportunity to be as successful as others could be, so giving them a chance to see something that you might really be good at or just enjoy is great.

One extracurricular activity is playing a sport like soccer, football, basketball, or track. Students need to be as successful as possible when it comes to giving them the future some students can only depend on playing sports to be successful in life. Giving them the ability to play sports in school is an amazing decision beacuse it could have a lot more benifts then people excpect, some students are naturally born with a talent for basketball or football, or even drawing so making them choose an extracurricular activity, could have them discover something they never knew they could do.

Many students do not have anything to do once they finish there school work, they may not have the money to buy a computer to play on or an xbox. By having them do an extracurricular activity like chess or something you are giving them the abilty to see other things they can do when they are bored. If a student took chess club as an extracurricular activity it could make them see how fun the game really is and have them convince there parents to buy them the chess game as a cheeper expense to keep them busy when they have nothing to do. I realize that some students may have disablititys that stop them from doing certain extracurricular activitys and thats why there are mulitiple activitys that you can do instead of doing just sports. Such as chess club, you can work on the yearbook, or you can serve as a student council.

That is why having every student take an extracurricular activty is benifical to the student. It can really help them learn to be more responsible, and open there train of thought which is always good for a student, or even just give them something to do when they are bored.