Many humans these days own and operate cell phones on a daily basis. This includes in their vehicles. From changing the music, to texting someone, to even being on the phone. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones while driving. Not only does it put them in harm's way, it also puts others in harm's way. It is also illegal in some states to use a phone while driving. Even though they passed these laws many people do ignore it and put many people in danger.

One of the dangers of using a phone and driving is it distracts from users from the road. Someone who is distracted from the road has the potential to injure or even kill someone. There have been many instances where people have been hit by a distracted driver. Statistics show that as many as 3,287 people get killed a day by distracted drivers in 2018. This can be devastating to the deceased person's family and traumatizing to the driver. You could go to jail for manslaughter and ruin your background, so you will not get a good job when or if you get out.

If you get caught on your phone while driving by police, you could be taken into custody or get a ticket. In the state of Massachusetts, any novice driver found to be texting while driving is subject to a $100 fine, a sixty day license suspension, and a required attendance of a "driver attitudinal retraining course." The penalties only increase for minors. A second violation is punished by a 180 day license suspension and $250 fine, and for a third violation the driver's license is suspended for an entire year and the fine is $500. For adults in the state of Massachusetts, a first violation carries a penalty of a $100 dollar fine. The sanctions increase for subsequent offenses as well, with the second violation calling for a $250 fine and the third and subsequent violations carrying $500 fines each.

The dangers of driving while distracted , especially texting while driving, can cost thousands of Americans their lives every year. The number is steadily increasing as texting has become more popular. Presently, each state has different laws on punishment when it comes to texting while driving, many of which people don't take serious. If people are continued to have feeble punishments then they will continue to kill thousands of people.    