Dear TEACHER_NAME,

In my opinion I believe that all students should participate in a certain amount of community service. Not only is it great for our community but it improves a student as a person. If every student from the school decided to do a few hours of service the community would change for the better. Every student can do a little and we could change a lot. It can change a persons life and allow them to see what other people are like .

There are many different opportunities when it comes to community service. One example is volunteering at a nursing home. Elderly people enjoy company and love to see young faces volunteering. In detail, my dancing school and I visit a nursing home every holiday season and perform a dance for the people to enjoy. It makes their day when they see us dancing. Also, when you leave you have a grin from ear to ear knowing that you made someone so happy by doing a task so small. Another example of community service would be picking up trash and helping improve the planet. There are several ways a student could do this. If your out side playing and you see some wrappers that are blowing around picking them up would do a lot for the plant. For example, one fall day my friends and I volunteered at a local farm to plant trees and clean up trash. After a long day of work we improved the environment by a ton. Also, it felt good knowing that we did something that benefited the entire community. Finally, you can do community service by volunteering for people in need. An example is at a homeless shelter. For example, every year in the winter time we send over one hundred pairs of gloves, socks and hats to people who can not afford them. It means a lot when I know that someone's life will benefit from a small gesture. All these tasks will certainly benefit the community.

In conclusion I believe that community service will benefit the students and the community. It is a great idea to offer the opportunity to all the students. Making someone smile is a great feeling to have. Also it takes little effort to make a huge impact on the community. So in my opinion our school should require students to do community service.

Sincerely,

8th Grader at SCHOOL_NAME