Everywhere we go, we always see different types of cars from different compaines. Some car uses different type of gas that would coast more or less money on what they own.  Reading these four soures, all these country are trying to help there pollution and envoriment by cutting out days that they can use their cars.

In Germany street parking,driveways and home garages are forbidden to the new disctict. People who have cars are only allowed to park into two places, such as the park and large garages at the edge. Owners has to buy spaces for $40,000, along with a home. Only 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold there car to move into."When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way" said Heidrum Walter. There have been efforts in the two past decades to make cities denser, and better for them to walk but now people are taking the suburbs. Now stores has apporach for people to walk there by the walking distance instead of going to the malls along some higways. Autombiles are the linchpin of suburbs where middle class familes from Chicago to Shanghai tends to make their homes. While there have been efforts in the past two decades to make cities denser, and better for walking to places.

Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air for global city. On every Mondays motorists with even and odds numbered license plates were order to leave thier cars at home or suffer $31 of fine. Diesl fuel was blamed, since France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. The congestion was doen 60 percent in the capital of France, after five days of investgion. Cold nights and even warm days the weather caused the layer of air to trap car emission. Comanies complained lost revenue while exceptions for plug in cars, such as Hybrids. The same thing happens on the Tuesday for the odds number, depending on the lisnces plate. In Bogota Colombia people hike, bike, and even skate to the places they needed to be at Carlos Arturo said ''It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution''. The days without cars is a part of an improvement campaign.

If you can tell giving the enviorment a brake by not taking cars to random places and help save our commuties and envorment can be a huge change. Instead of driving why not bike or skate to the place you wanted to be at. To inprove this condiction people should read all these good ideas to think twice before something bad happens to our enviorment .                                    