I highly disagree with the Principal's decision that students have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I believe that students should be able to choose whether or not do a after school activity. Most of the time kids are exhausted from a long day of school, and want to rest once they get home ,they can't do that if they have an after school activity they have to go to. Often times people have to go home and take care of there younger sibling or other family obligations that are way more important then an after school activity. Some students already have mandatory sport practices and if they do have an after school activity right before it they are just going to waste their energy on that and will be tired for practice. Some work part time jobs after school to help support their family. There are so many more important obligations and they should not have to stay after.

Extracurricular activities are extra for a reason. Extraculicalar activities aren't part of the school day so we should not be forced to stay after. There are students that just dont like after school activities. There is never going to be an activity available that interests everyone. When children's options are taken away such as having to stay for a extracurricular activity they like it less. They like having the option to stay after or to not stay after. Once it becomes mandatory and not a option to stay after it just feel like a chore that has to be done, but you dont want to do. Some students are simply not comfortable with after school activities because, they dread the thought of social interaction, and might be shy. They already have to deal with being scared of social interaction at school but then after school and it just makes them even more stressed and anxious. Kids like to take a break and have fun with their friends after school and much rather do that.

The students will have less time to do their homework. When students stay after they have less time to do their homework or school projects. Students often stay up all night just to get there projects done or even study. School work is way more important than extracurricular activities. When a student has to do so many things at once they get very stressed and worn out. A kid might have to stay after then right after have practice for a sport then after have to work on a project till late. When students Sleep late they have even less energy at school the next day and often wont even be able to pay attention without falling asleep. If students have a test the next day they wont be awake enough to even remember the right answers.

In conclusion I do not agree

I think that there is no reason for the principal to make everyone do an extracurricular activity extracucilar activities should be a choice. most have sports,jobs,family obligations,,just dont wanna go or have school work that needs to be done. After school being mandatory takes freedom away and as a child you already dont have much freedom so you should be able to choose whether or not you stay after. If a student likes after school then they will stay after school ,but if a student doesnt stay after they obviously dont due to not wanting to or having obligations. Students are stressed enough with school work and projects to be having to do a after school activity. The students will not enjoy it if it is mandatory because children like having freedom. I disagree with the principals decision.