Technology has come so far, over the years, that now students have the option to enroll in online school. Online school is one of the many new technological advances that allows students to have an nontraditional way of earning an education. Having distance learning or online school is beneficial because it allows students to focus in an environment they feel comfortable in and it allows students to learn at their own pace.

Online school allows students to learn in an environment they are comfortable in. Imagine having a school that has a lot of loud, annoying, and mean students that do not like to do their work. Now imagine placing a straight A student in the middle of that school. The student would not be able to focus, they would not feel comfortable, and they would be stressed about other students, constantly. Teens and children are very influential of each other, and when a large majority of students do not do their work, the straight A student will most likely slip in that habit so that they will fit in. Now that straight A student went from top of their class to barely passing algebra. Insuring a student, who wants to learn,

feels comfortable in a learning environment is crucial to the student's success.

Having online schools allows students the opportunity to learn at their own pace. However, some people believe that it is better to keep all students learning the same material at the same time. The disadvantage to this is that not everyone learns at the same pace, and some students need more time in certain subjects than others. If a student wants to finish all their math classes in a week, they should have the option to do that. If a student would benefit from having more time to practice rhetorical analysis, then the student should be able to get that practice. Allowing students to choose their own pace of learning will ultimately make them more successful in school because if they aren't doing well in a subject, they have time to practice until they are able to succeed.

In conclusion, students should have the opportunity to do nontraditional online school because it will encourage them to learn in a more comfortable environment and it allows students to learn at their own pace. In addition, students would be able to stay home and wear pajamas all day. What student would not want that?