Is getting advice the right thing to do? I believe when in doubt or if you are just seeking advice it is always beneficial to ask different people what they think. You get different insight from each person about your topic, you get to confirm truly about what you were thinking, and you get more knowledge on whatever you are asking their advice for.

When you ask people for advice on topics you are mainly asking for their opinion. Asking a lot of people gives you a lot of different opinions to really choice to listen to. Which really helps build your mindset on that topic. After getting the advice you can better focus on your topic. In general getting advice about life or how to be a better person doesn't just improve you but also how you see other people.

Getting advice from other people can also help you confirm what you were truly asking the advice for. Getting advice on your concept gives you an advantage because now you know what other people think of your idea. It also helps you change and create newer and better ideas off of their advice. If lots of people said that they didn't think your idea was good then that would prompt you to make a better one. Which in the end only benefits you even more by creating something even better than before.

Many times people hate being wrong but if they don't ask for advice then how can they learn? For example, lets say you are working on a school art project and you've been working really hard, you want to ask people for their advice on it but you are too scared that they won't like it. How can you learn from the advice that they give you if you won't even let them give it. It is actually proven that when receiving advice from multiple people you are more likely to improve on that topic. You should never be afraid of advice because it can only make you learn.

Once again, I believe that getting advice from multiple people is super beneficial. It gives you insight into different people's mind site, you get to confirm what you were truly thinking, and you get to have more knowledge on topics. To conclude, never be shy when asking people what they think because the best person is the one that can take in information and adapt with it. 