Imagine wanting something so badly, but it comes in two different colors of which you both like. Well that's where other people's opinions come into play. I can never make up my mind when I want something, because I always feel like I am going to make the wrong decision. Since I have this issue, I always find it best to ask for other people's advice. So, I can see everyone's point of view. Also, I can hear whether they do or do not enjoy it. Therefore, I will I have options with all the information I have.

First off, I play soccer, and I've been needing a new pair of cleats because my last pair had a whole in them. So, I went to Generic_Name Soccer, the store I purchase my cleats from, to look for a new pair of soccer cleats. Since my last pair was falling apart, I had to leave with a new pair of shoes. I looked at all different styles and colors, and I found a pair of shoes that I loved the colo and style of. So, I tried them on and I thought they were a good fit. At that point, I was ready to check out the shoes. However, I played very well in my last pair of cleats that my mo insisted of me trying on a similar pair. They were the same style shoe as I had, only with newer techonology. The shoes also matched my uniform perfectly, but so did the first ones. Once I had tried on the second pair of shoes, I was stuck. I had no idea what shoes to get, or even know which shoes were better. After sitting in the store for a hour and a half just retrying on the shoes and looking at them, my mom bought both and we asked my family, friends, and looked up reviews on the internet to see which one was prefered. Finally, I chose the pair that I had originally wanted, and my dad returned the other pair a few days later. Without everyone's opinions on the shoes, I wouldn't have been able to chose.

Last summer, I made the decision to leave the shool I've been at since Kindergarten. I went to a private school in Generic_City for about eight years, and so did my sister. She graduated and went to Generic_School in Generic_City. Her school day starts at 7:50 and ends at 2:50. She has to drive about 40 minutes there every moring, and the same on the way home. She's always exhausted and has a ton of homework. So she goes to bed late and has to wake up extremely early Monday through Friday. However, I wasn't sure that I wanted to do the same thing. I didn't want to go into a high school not knowing anyone, so I had strongly considered coming to Generic_School my last year of middle school. After debating all sumer with my parents, discussing the pros and cons ith them, and hearing the benefits from my friends, I decided to come to Generic_School this year. Although it was a tough decision to make, I still believe that I made the right one withbthe help of my family and friends.

For high school, I am undecided of where I am attending. I play travel soccer for Generic_School girls ECNL team. ECNL gives every team that plays this elite level a break in the Spring so they can play for their high school team. My whole team are Freshmans this year. However, one other girl and I are the only ones not yet in high school. Since my sister goes to Generic_School, it would be ideal that I went as well. But soccer is very important to me. I have played since I was three years old and I plan to continue. Generic_School is a private school, so their girls soccer season is in the Fall. However, ECNL doesn't take off time in the fall. They take off time in the Spring. So, I would have double practices everyday in the Fall. and have barely any practice for a team in the Spring. But if I went to public school, I would have the same schedule as everyone else. I am stil undecided, but I am waiting to hear from my teammates, coaches, family, and friends to hear their opionions on this important topic and whether they liked itor not.

I value other people's opinions, because sometimes I have trouble making choices. It helps when I can hear everyone's thoughts and ideas on the topic. Also, to see what my older friends, who have similar taste to me, recommend and don't recommend helps. Since I have choices, it makes me put more thought into each decison that I make. Sometimes I need other people's perspertive on certain things to help me make up my mind.