Sometimes I find myself stuck and confused over some of the smallest things. Typically I am debating over which decision would lead to the best outcome. I strongly believe that having many peoples opinions to consider is always helpful. Asking more experienced people, having good and bad things to think about , and getting many different opinions are all ways to make decision making easier.

When it comes to asking people for advice, most of the time the more advice I get, the better. Having multiple opinions to think about is better than just one. There are many pros and cons for everything and asking many people for advice will help to point those pros and cons out. When I have everyone's advice to think about, it allows me to think about all of the good and bad things that could happen based on the choice I make.

In addition to that, talking to many people for advice on something helps me see from their point of view. Sometimes I don't realize how big or small the situation I'm in actually is. When I take a moment to look at the situation from a different prospective, it helps me to be more open minded. Sometimes we all get so distracted and don't realize how much our decisions could affect others. Taking a moment to see something from someone else's point of view wouldn't be such a bad idea.

Not only should we ask others for advice, but asking others who happen to be experienced is never a bad idea. Some people specialize in certain topics and asking someone who knows a lot about something could be very beneficial. Many times I have asked my older brother for help with things like my phone or the television, because when it comes to technology he has always been very helpful. Often times adults are the best people to ask for advice from because they are very experienced at life.

In conclusion, I believe that asking for advice from many people will always help. Also asking more than one person and seeking many different opinions to help make the best choice is always a good idea. It's never a bad idea to rethink choices based on other peoples advice.