Should people be able to use their cell phones while driving?

Studies have shown that cell phone usage while operating a vehicle causes more car accidents than hands free driving.

It has been proven that driving without the use of your cell phone is 100% safer than driving while using your cell phone. Humans should not operate cell phones while driving, cell phone usage while driving is unsafe, People who use cell phones while driving put their lives in serious danger.

Humans should not operate cell phones while driving. People use their phones on a daily basis while driving yet, they pay little attention to the road while doing so. This can possibly cause accidents to happen. Many people have lost their life due texting and driving and just being on their phones. When driving its best to do it safely for the sake of your own like and others. Using your phone while driving dramatically increases your chances of crashing.

Cell phone usage while driving is unsafe. #1 reason why it is unsafe is because you can lose your life. Just reaching for things while driving takes your main focus off of the road and put you in danger. When your distracted from the road anything can happen even if its just a second thats all it takes for everything to go bad. For instance the second you look down at your phone for that text message is the same secon a pedestrian can walk across the street or another vehicle can cross your path and just like that your life can be ruined or it can be over.

People who use their phones while driving put their lives in serious danger. Recent studies have shown that the victims on texting and driving accidents are young drivers and the elderly. Kids are too attached to their phones and having a car at a young age today is an immediate risk one text message and they instantly have to read the message and at that moment it could be over. Cell phones should be put away while driving or on a phone holder just to keep things safe. All attention should be on the road and if needed a person can easily pull over and make a call.

Just put down the phone that one message or missed call can wait its not worth your life. People should stay safe and just be patient and pay attention to the road and others.                     