Distance learning by way of online or video conferencing is a great way to reach kids unable to come in to school. Serious medical disorders such as anxiety can make school a nightmare. Many kids also have behavior issues; and due to constant forced breaks from school, fall behind. Online schooling has some downsides compared to normal school, but many students benefit students greatly.

Some students suffer from disorders and can't come to school for extended periods of time. My friend Generic_Name has been out of school for nine weeks because she has generalized anxiety disorder. Without online schooling; Generic_Name would fall way behind her peers, and need to attend summer school. Generic_Name is a senior and is planning on going to college, so the option of attending classes from home gives her the opportunity to keep on par with her peers and graduate with the rest of her class.

Students with behavior issues may miss lots of important class time, or even be expelled. Generic_Name was a student class, but due to constant suspensions and eventually an expulsion, he failed to pass the tenth grade. If Generic_Name was given the opportunity to take online classes while expelled, he would not have to retake tenth grade. Many students every year fail a grade because they are not offered to complete schooling online.

However, many argue against online schooling from home. The social aspect is a huge part of school and could be considered more important than the education. Without school I would not have the sense of ugency I have attained. School has given me years of practice getting up, getting ready, and getting to school on time. School ultimately is a job, and is a great learning experience for anyone becoming a working adult.

Online schooling benefits many students who need to stay home. Medical complications make many students home bound and without online schooling, they would fall behind. Students with behavior issues have no option to stay on schedule with the curriculum but online schooling. Although, most of the social skills going to school provides are not present in online schooling, it still benefits many students.