In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. I agree with the author that scientists should study Venus. I will be giving three reasons that supoort why they should study more about Venus.

My first reason that supports my claim is that it's a good idea for scientits to study more about Venus because in the text it says, "often referred to as Earth's "twin," Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." because they say that Venus is like Earth's "twin" it would be nice to get to know more about Venus and how they are alike, what things that have the same and different.

But I also think it's a bad idea to send people to Venus and study more about it. It's a diffuclt task since the text says, " on the plant's surface, temperatures avergae over 800 degrees Fahrenheit." Venus has the hottest surface temperature, so it would be hard for people to even stand that. In the text it also says that it's been more than three decades since a spaceship has landed on Venus. Since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours.

On the other hand, I still think it would be a good idea to keep studying more about Venus. But to keep people safe, they should invent things that they can use so they can land on Venus without any danger. For example if NASA's wants to send people they should find ways where they can walk in Venus but keep the people safe. Since the text says, " researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance." because of their saftey. However researchers are finding ways to innovations that would allow their machines to last long enough to contribute.

In my conclusion, I think it's a good idea to study more about Venus since it's next to Earth. And so they can study more about it and find ways to make it stay for us humans to be there, if anything happens in the future. We can always go to Venus to live but only if they find ways were we can stay alive there.          