Phones & Driving

There is no doubt that with how advanced technology has become in the past few years or so people have really advanced the technological possibilities. People have now started to make some of the AI's (artificial intelligence) like Alexa and Google Home. There are even some cars that allow you to ask it questions in order to find out the weather or finding the fastest route to take to work. Along with all of these technological advancements comes the ability to hook the phone up to a car using bluetooth. Now, should drivers be able to use their phones in the car while driving.

There are some really good uses for using the bluetooth phone hookup. For one in Georgia people are not allowed to drive if they have their phone in their hand. This is where the bluetooth phone hookup comes in handy because you can do in the car phone calls to work or to somewhere else. This feature can come in really handy because if someone takes a day off of work and someone from their work calls them and starts to ask questions they can answer those questions right then and there. That way if someone was ever needed to give someone some advice in their place of work they could just click a button and give them the advice over the phone.

There is also another use for the phone hookup to the car feature and that is so that someone can get notified if they do happen to have a family emergency. This is so that if someone does happen to have a family emergency and they are in the car already all they have to do is drive over to where the family emergency actually is. This is so that you can get notified if something bad does happen to someone's family member they won't have to wait until they get home to find out what happened.

Once again being that when they do find out instead of having to leave the house again to go and see what happened because this person is actually out and about all they have to do is go to the place of the emergency. This may be one of the sadder ways that a phone can be used for while driving but it still is one of the more important things.

The next reason for why people should be able to use their phone while driving is what if someone has to call the police. Using the bluetooth phone hookup feature that most cars have nowadays someone can call up the police and say that they need assistance with something. For instance let's say that someone has a very strong feeling that they are being stalked on the way home from work or somewhere else so they can then call the police for their assistance. This can also be a real life saver because this can also be used if someone's water breaks on the way to the hospital that way someone can go ahead and let the hospital know what is happening so someone won't have to wait. So, in short, phones can be used to save someone's life.

Phone's have been useful since the time of their invention. From the ability to be able to talk to people from a long distance away to making sure that people can keep in touch with their work life. Next, being able to keep in touch with the family making sure to be kept in the loop if something bad does happen. Lastly, being able to call the police and other emergency services to save lives. Phones are a necessity in day to day life which includes on the road.   