In the near future cars will be able to self drive themselves without the need of someone in the drivers seat. This is something many look forward to, but others find it a waste. Many flaws occumpany the autonomous cars that alarm me and many others. The interest in driving will deminish and millions will loose jobs of transportation. If one day the systems controling the cars crash everyone will be forced to walk to get to where they need to be. Self-driven cars will lead to lack of attention on the road which in turn could lead to accidents.

As a young teen the one thing everbody looks forward to most is getting their drivers license. Everyone looks forward to the wind in their hair as they drive around without the company of an adult. If cars become autonomonus teens will no longer get to look forward to acheiving their licences or get to experiance the thrill of driving a car for the first time. Driving is a privilage that shouldn't be taken away from future generations. Millions of people work in the transportation buisness today, earning a paycheck that supports them and their families. If cars become able to drive themselves millions of people will be out of a job. New jobs will have to be persued, and quite honestly there aren't enough jobs out there for everyone that would need one. The unemployment levels will reach an all time high, pushing America further into dept.

Imagine waking up one morning and getting inside your autonomous car, you sit for several minutes before realizing it isn't moving. You call several friends and they inform you that the same thing happened to them. The system is down and there is no way for you to get to work. Systems crash, it's inevitable, all it takes is one crash for people to realize they rely to strongly on these vehicles. What if the systems crash while on the road? Hundreds of accidents will take place resulting in hundreds of deaths and injurys. Autonomous cars are a major accident waiting to happen.

Along the lines of accidents, self-driven cars will allow riders to not feel the need to focus on the road. Attention will be on their phones or on the "in-car entertainment and information systems." If attention leaves the road many accidents could occur. Say a car malfunctions and shoots out of a side road right into the side of the car your sitting in. Your car slids into incoming traffic, right into the path of an autonomus semi that doesn't have time to stop. Doesn't sound very safe, does it? These self driven cars are a bad idea waiting to happen.

If Google cofounder Sergey Brin and the many manufacturers along side him continue their work the autonomous cars should be completed and ready to hit the road by the year two thousand and twenty. Though we grow closer everyday to the autonomous car many road blocks still stand in our way. The lack of attention on the road and the inevitable system crash must be consulted before many even consider purchasing the self driving vehicle. Our saftey should never be put over our strive for an easier life. Autonomous cars will put our saftey in the back seat and make life easy for a short time. 