For centuries, students have endured the same rigorous schedule of school.

Five days a week for seven hours, with only two days of rest. Students have been told that school can be perceived a safe haven where one can escape their challenges at home and have a comfortable place to learn and be with friends.

However, in recent times this has been proven difficult due to the adversity that students face in a school setting from bullying to a fear of ones safety.

Therefore, allowing students to attend online classes is beneficial because students can escape the burden of bullying, take care of their mental health, and feel comfortable in their learning environment.

Bullying has become a major issues in schools.

Modern media generally illustrates bullying as a physical concept as in fighting, but through through social media, a new type of bullying has risen known as cyber-bullying.

This has allowed individuals to sit behind a screen, hiding their identity, to target other users by commenting or posting cruel things.

When an individual is bullied, it not only affects their life at home but also school.

Therefore, giving students the option to take online classes can serve those who are bullied by not allowing them to feel targeted the moment they step foot in a school.

Although, schools have attempted to implement change to stop bullying, it is apparent that it is an aspect of life that will sadly be difficult to make disappear.

Without the option of online schooling, it teaches students who face bullying that they must endure the trauma and there is no escaping the cruelty in a school setting.

Schools must take a stand for those who are bullied and notice the positive impact that online schooling can have on an individual contributing to them no longer be treated as inferior by another person and finally discovering their self worth.

From kindergarten to senior year, students are discovering who they are.

This is a fragile time period for an individual because one begins to from relationships and learn whats makes them happy.

A major aspect of being happy is mental health.

However, school has become a burden on ones mental health by overloading students with an immense amount of stress.

For example, students have been told that their success is primarily based upon a grading scale.

One must have a 4.0 grade point average and be involved in every club to reach the ultimate taught goal of getting into college.

This idea of success has caused students to forget the importance of their mental health and allow stress and anxiety to quickly dissolve ones healthy living. The option of online schooling can effectively ensure that an individual is able to keep their mental health under control by relieving the pressure of a school setting.

Anxiety plays a major role in ones testing ability.

A school environment can place more pressure on a student to not only please themselves, but also their teacher.

The atmosphere of a school may enhance the learning abilities of one individual, but to another can have detrimental impact on ones mental health leading to major long-term effects.

At home schooling, can help stop the epidemic of the increase in mental health issues in students, such as depression and anxiety, by giving them the opportunity to be in an environment that accommodates to their learning style.

Lastly, a student should be able to consider their school as if it is a second home.

However, after the 2017 tragedy at Parkland high school in Florida that led to the death of 17 students and left many injured this became very difficult.

After the devastation at Parkland, it sparked the fear of ones safety at school that would ultimately haunt students until they graduate.

The most important aspect of school should be that students feel safe. With online schooling it can allow those students with a fear to be comfortable in their environment and not constantly worry for their life.

Another reason online schooling would benefit students, is due to the issue of overcrowding in many schools.

For example, Generic_School in Generic_City has a major issue of overcrowding.

As students walk through the hallway, their is a swarm of people that make it very difficult to walk comfortably through the halls.

Schooling at home can leaven the overcrowding of schools and create a more pleasant atmosphere.

Furthermore, schools would not have to use numerous trailers in order to accommodate to all students.

Online schooling can allow students to not only feel more safe, but also stray from feeling claustrophobic in schools that are overcrowded.

To achieve success one must feel that they can learn and prosper in a place that best fits their needs.

A school environment does not always accommodate to certain individuals.

With the option of at home schooling it can positively benefit students by allowing an individual to stray from bullying, work on their mental health, and feel safe.

The needs of a student should be the most important concept to those of higher power in schooling staff.

If a student feels that they will thrive with at home schooling, then why prevent these students from reaching maximum potential.

Online schooling is not for everyone, but it can guide those who may be struggling by giving them an alternate option to achieve success.