In today's world, people often strive for the next technological innovation. As a result, various companies in the technology industry are attempting to develop driverless cars. However, the article "Driverless Cars are Coming" manifests that the technology is not beneficial. Driverless cars should not be developed because this technology is in reality unrealistic and can potentially lead to liability issues.

The idea of a driverless car may seem compelling, but driverless cars are not truly driverless as humans must always take some control of the car. For example, in paragraph seven of "Driverless Cars are Coming," the author indicates that BMW's developing driverless car has "special touch sensors" to "make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." Since the driver is required to keep his or her hands on the steering wheel, this car is not truly driverless as one might think. Though it may perform some functions of driving on its own, a driver must always be there for special cases. The author furthers this idea in the same paragraph by saying that "none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless." As a result, the author, too, indicates that these developing driverless cars still require drivers. Since not even one of these developing projects does not require a driver, the author indicates that truly not requiring a driver is an unrealistic technology. Thus, one of the biggest attractions of driverless cars, the lack of necessity of a driver, is lost. The author later supports this in paragraph eight by asking, "Why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver?" This question suggests that driverless cars still requiring drivers are no longer as attractive. People would no longer want driverless cars as much. As driverless cars are not truly driverless, as their name suggests, they should not be developed. The technology that would fulfill what the name suggests is simply unrealistic. Also, driverless cars require an inefficient change since they require such a large change in how traffic control works.

Driverless cars are such a large step into the future that changing laws to deal with them are inefficient. The author indicates in paragraph nine that "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that they only safe car has a human driver in control at all times" but that "new laws will be needed" with the advent of driverless cars. Since the current laws regarding traffic only deal with cars driven by humans, having to rewrite the laws to deal with cars driven primarily by computers is inefficient. This is such a drastic change in the laws that it would truly take much time and capital to rewrite everything. In a society that revolves around cars driven by humans, this presents an unrealistic change in how traffic is controlled. As a result of the inefficience of changing the entire system, the development of driverless cars should be halted. Furthermore, the new laws may struggle with the liability of accidents, another reason why driverless cars would be a negative innovation.

The widespread use of driverless cars means that the liability of accidents is extremely difficult to determine. Paragraph nine poses the question, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault--the driver or the manufacturer?" This indicates that a society with driverless cars may struggle with this issue. When an accident with these cars would occur, it would be difficult to determine whether the owner of the car or the manufacturer should take responsibility for the accident. The car would be the owner's possession, but the accident may also be caused by poor manufacturing or programming. As a result, any decision that poses one party as responsible for the incident may lead to conflicts, as either side might hold a portion of the blame. As a result, it is best to avoid such difficult situations by stopping the development of these cars.

Truly driverless cars are both unlikely and harmful to society. Though the idea of a world in which transport is dominated by autonomous machines is attractive, the advantages are underwhelming and the consequences are harmful. Society must not promote the development of these cars. Placing such high hopes in this risky technology will only disappoint.