Limiting car-usage would mean eliminating pollution to the air that we need to breathe. Without the millions or cars we have the in world, the air we need to breathe would be way cleaner. Eliminating cars would give people the opportunity to walk and get the excerise that they probably need.  Which is more important, your car or your health? The pollution to the air is put there by the cars we drive everyday. If we limit the usage of cars, the world would probably be a cleaner place than it is now.

Take Paris, France for an example. They banned the driving of cars because the car had almost a "near-record pollution". What if we, the people of the United States, drove our cars so much that there was smog everywhere and the government had no choice but to ban driving priviledges from everyone? No one would like that. But it doesn't have to come down to that. We can change that, today! If the people in Paris refused to leave their cars at home, they were fined 22-euros ($31), and if they reacted a certain way, their cars were impounded. Imagine if that was you. What if you had to pay $31 because you didn't want to leave your car at home and have your car impounded if you got an attitude about it? How would you feel? Most of us don't like to ride the bus, but what if we had no choice?

In Bogota, Colombia, they have the "Day Without Cars" event, where only buses and taxis were allowed to use to roadways. THe "Day Without Cars" event has been going on since the mid-1990s, and it's part of an improvemenet campaign. If every cities in the entire world had a "Day Without Cars" event, that would generate a change to everyone at one time. Just imagine, one a year, to go a day without driving your car. The world would be a much cleaner and safer place without cars. People die everyday because of car accidents. We could change that with just one event each year.

In America, people are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by, according to Elisabeth Rosenthal. Rosenthal also says that "America''s love affair for its vehicles seems to be cooling.", meaning that we are starting to realize what our precious cars are doing the the environment. In April of 2013, the number of miles each person drives was almost as low as it was back in January of 1995. Imagine if you were to live back in 1700s. There were no cars, people had to walk were they need to go. Yes, it took forever to get there, but it was the only transporation that they had. If we keep going at the rate that we're going with these cars, there won't be any good air left to keep us alive.                         