Have you ever thought to yourself about how summer projects affect students? Some schools have started to require students to complete a summer project, Should the projects be student-led or teacher-led? The following reasons are why I believe summer projects should be student-led: It would allow the students to broaden their topic range, It would make sharing the projects more enjoyable, and It would allow students to reflect on their summer.

Giving students the opportunity to choose the topic of their project would allow the students to talk about everything they did over the summer. This allows students to choose anything they did, from taking a peaceful vacation to skydiving over Generic_City. Students would be able to adventure and begin an amazing life that has so many roads to follow. Many students would benefit from the projects and would have many stories to tell.

Another reason students would enjoy self-led projects is because giving the students freedom to share their projects with other classmates. Sharing the projects would give students many things to talk abou when they come back to school and see eachother. Students by sharing could teach new things about eachother such as what their hobbies are. With students sharing their projects it forms new bonds and create new friendships between many unlikely people. Sharing projects would bring people together more and overall be great for everyone, it gives students necessary life skills such as: public speaking, communication skills, and essentially confidence.

Allowing students to conduct their projects would be beneficial to students becuase they would have time to sit down and think about all they did. The project itself isn't really about the actual project, It's about students thinking and knowing they made pretty awesome memories over the summer. The projects shouldn't be about school work such as math or a history project. It should be about the students and helping them do their best to live their young lives to the fullest. In the end the students would be out in the world making memories with people in their community, they would be making a difference in the world they could travel and help with disaster relief, students could make a change in this world and the next.

While some people may say that teacher-led projects could be best. I believe they are wrong, Nothing could make student mental and physical health go up other than to actually give students the freedom to complete a project and show they made a difference over the summer. Making the difference wouldnt have to end when summer ends students could make changes year-round. In theory students starting to develop their own projects would lead to students just wanting to make a change and go adventure. 