Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. These projects can either be teacher-designed or student-designed. Many people feel that these projects should be student-designed so that the students are being creative and learning at the same time. However, a teacher-designed summer project is more beneficial for the students. Summer projects should be teacher-designed because it allows students to see what they need to know for the following school year, it refreshes on subjects that students learned in their previous years at school, and it allows for all students to know the same information when school starts.

Having a teacher-designed summer project is helpful for students to get a glimpse at what they will be learning in the upcoming school year. The project gives problems, or work, that the teacher finds important for their students to look at before their first day of class. It makes the students feel prepared and more comfortable when seeing the work in the classroom. One example of this would be asking Spanish students to name three Spanish-speaking countries. By looking up these places, the students will gather a little information and already know about the topic before class even starts. Once back in school, the teacher will start teaching about where Spanish-speaking countries are, and how each one is unique, but the students will already have some information from when they found these countries over the summer. By having the teacher-designed summer project, students are able to work proactively for the next school year.

Teacher-designed summer projects are important because they help students review on major topics from their previous years at school. An example of this is Algebra II math teachers. They have to make sure students remember everything from Algebra I before they can expand and teach new topics in math. By putting problems on the summer assignment from Algebra I, it allows the students to review and remember more from that class. Then when going back to school in the fall, the teacher can spend less time reviewing old material, and start teaching new things to the students. Another example of this is World History II teachers. By having a teacher-designed summer project, they can put important things to remember so that students refresh on the topics that are necessary for that class. The teacher knows exactly what will be taught through the school year and can make the summer assignment a great review for the upcoming class.

Summer projects should also be teacher-designed because it makes sure all students are on the same page. Students come from a variety of teachers with many different styles of teaching. By having a teacher-designed summer assignment, it ensures that the students will be doing the same work. In that case, the teacher can compare the student's project and see if the students are on the same level. They can also see what was hard for the students as a whole, and what was easy. The teacher can use it as a guide for the class, on what needs to be reviewed and taught more in depth. It is important for summer assignments to be designed by the teacher so they can see how the class is going to learn.

Summer projects are very important for students to review, work, and learn during their long break. They keep people from forgetting everything that was learned over the previous school year. By having the summer projects be teacher-designed, students are able to be proactive, open-minded, and efficient when doing their work. It makes sure the work they are doing is important, and useful, in the upcoming school year. It also keep the students on track for new topics and allows them to see what their teacher will teach over the course of the year. Teacher-designed summer projects are important for students to learn to their fullest abilities. 