With the advancement of technology, students can now break the bounds of the traditional classroom and pursue education in their house while wearing their pajamas. This new opportunity for learning has led schools to question the benefits of an online learning environment. Although one can argue that online classes benefit students with physical disabilities, learning in a virtual classroom ultimately negatively affects the students' educations, for they do not learn soft skills and are more prone to distractions at home.

One can argue that online classes benefit those who have difficulty walking or traveling to school. At Generic_School, there are numerous students who utilize a wheelchair. These students must ride a special bus to travel to and from school everyday. That is an inconvenience for the student as the process of mounting the wheelchair onto the bus is cumbersome and takes a relatively long time. Furthermore, traveling between classes can be embarrassing for the disabled student as operating a wheelchair within the school hallways gathers a significant amount of unwanted attention. However, online classrooms provide a solution for those inconveniences. Virtual learning opportunities make learning more accessible for disabled students as they no longer have to leave the comfort of their home.

However, online classes do not teach students valuable social and soft skill that they could have learned in a live classroom. In school, students not only focus on academics, but they engage in group activities that enhance their teamwork, communication, leadership, and various other soft skills. For instance, live classes at Generic_School often assign students to present a topic in front of a real audience. This practice develops the students' public speaking skills which prepare them for bigger audiences and presentations in their future career. However, an online classroom does not provide that opportunity. Students often work alone; they do not engage in group activities which boost their social skills. Therefore, although students can still develop their academic skills, their social and soft skills will not progress.

Furthermore, students often perform worse when working at home on an online course because there are more available forms of entertainment at home to distract those students. At home, one can watch television, browse the internet on their phone, have snacks, take a nap, or play video games. However, the teachers and administration strictly limit most forms of distraction, in school, to enhance the students' education. Students who participate in online classrooms find themselves a victim of those distractions. However, students at Generic_School and other Generic_City public schools have reported to be more productive in a live classroom environment. Therefore, an online learning environment ultimately inhibits the students' progress and education.

An online learning environment has few benefits such as eliminating the need for the transportation of students who employ wheel chairs; however, online classrooms are inappropriate for students' education as they facilitate numerous distracting activities and do not provide students with the opportunity to develop crucial soft skills such as teamwork and leadership. Nonetheless, technology provides a valuable tool for students to supplement their learning in school. However, it can not replace the age old tradition of going to a physical, social, and engaging classroom.