Humans have been able to show facial emotion and expressions since our existince, but are we now going to be able to read emotions to tell if they are genuine or not. Will this have a negative or psotive affect in society and will it change how we precieve one another? Will we view one another as truthful if they prove it through a (FACS).

In a classroom students will get confused and often have trouble on the material. The negitive impacts this will have on students is minor, although this technology could help letting teachers know how their emotionally feeling, they still dont know whats the matter, for example say the student is confused, they know the student is confused, but they don't know why, and in most cases thats the difficult to find out. In addition to that the long term affects it could have on the classroom, one student could differ from another students emotion of classroom matieral, then it'll be difficult to determine what can help them both.

As for the positive side of this new technology, this could change the way we view school, we would only do whats true and learn on what we express as right. If everybody knew exactly how we felt everyday, it would be okay because we could seek help individually, there wouldn't be any forced emotions becasuse we already know what you feel. This technology is groundbreaking and could really change our school system.

When it all comes down to is it valuable, i would have to agree. If there is a chance that a computer can know how we feel and our emotion, we would eleminate a lot of fear from out lives. Say a kid was getting bullied, and he/she is going through this everyday and hides it behind a smile, we would be able to know that she is going through things and he/she could use some support. Also we could determine the intellegence of classrooms and how well each student understands the lessons taught in the classroom.

If this technology were to go into classrooms today, will students really see each other the same after knowing how they truly feel. Or will they build of it and use the technology to help them get better more understandable education. Only time has the answer, and i am just excited as you to find out the truth.           