Students should have an extracurricular activity because it prepares them for the future. Students are getting prepared for the future with extracurricular activities because it helps them with jobs that they will have later in their life. Like participating in a school sport will help you, if you practice then you can excell in high school and later get a scholarship. But remember this is only if you do extremely well in that specific sport and have stunning grades. Then, one day you'll be at an excellent college and you can have a great job!

Another example of why students should have an extracurricular activity is putting a hand in the yearbook helps you. Helping with the yearbook is a great way of getting a good view of the job you want later in life. Jobs like being a writer, journalist, photagrapher, and many more. So, now that you know how wonderful that acitivity is for your future. Let's talk about our last example, student council. Student council can help if you wanna do a bussiness like job. It can help you if you wanna go to big meetings and stuff like that. It can also help you if you're intrested in being a lawyer, attorney, and other jobs in court and law, so you can argue with people.

Finally, extracurricular activities help you be more responsible by having to work on them and progress at them. Instead, of doing nothing you can be writing about the field hockey team at school or taking pictures for the yearbook. These activities are doing something good for your future. Sports make you have the inspiration to get up and practice. You won't be lazy anymore, now you have something to take care of. They are important because they really do help you be ther best you. However, they should never get in they way of doing school.

In conclusion extracurricular activies are a great way to help you with jobs you want in the future because it helps you be a better you and gives you a feel of future jobs. That's why we need to have extracurricular activities in school today!