Do you believe that online schooling would benefit students more than actually going to school? Online schooling would give students the ability to get more sleep, then they could start their work whenever they want to. It would also be more beneficial so that students could get one on one teaching and focus better. However, there is way more distracting things at home than at school, such as video games, phones, sleeping whenever, etc.

First, if students could get more sleep, they would have more energy to push through and work instead of being tired. They could have their own schedule that they could go on and get their work done. For example, if a student slept for 10 hours, when they wake up, they would have a lot more energy to get their school work done instead of being tired. It really just depends on how much sleep that you need to get through the day.

Second, one on one teaching would be much more easier for a kid to learn. Instead of one teacher teaching a class of 25 students by herself, she would be teaching one student and much more work would get done also. For example, if one student is the only being taught, there isn't 20 other students that she has to worry about. She can focus on that one kid and much more work would get done. It also depends on if the student is willing to put in effort to get their work done.

However, one of the downsides of online schooling is that there is more distractions at home than at school I believe. They also don't have anyone to really motivate them and to force them to get their work done. For example, they have video games, phones would be much more distracting, etc., and if they dont have anyone to tell them to get there work done, they would just decide not to do it. Teachers help push students to get their work done, but online schooling would change that and more kids would never pass more likely.

Online schooling would benefit students much more than actually going to school. Online schooling would let students get more sleep to be able to get work done, One on one teaching is much more beneficial; However, there is lots of distractions at home that would get students side tracked from getting their work completed. I would like to have online schooling and classes much more than going to school, thats just my opinion. It could be a very controversial topic in some ways, it really just depends on how you like to be taught and the best way for you to learn.                          