Dear Senator,

The Electoral College is a very unfair to many of the states.Some states are left in the dust without being visited or even seeing anything about a campaign. Also the voting is misleading because they vote for electrols not the president which the people should be voting for.In the passage

The Indenfensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

states

" Under the electoral college system ,voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." this information tells us that Electoral College is wrong and should be changed.

Voting for a new president is left for the electors we choose as a state to pick and we dont even get a say in the matter because we can not control who they vote for and it could be very confusing and people might vote for the wrong person.In the passage

The Indenfensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

states "Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case ,Elections would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president." With this information it shows that the election is out of the people hands that are going to be governed but to the governement that can make very bad decsions and has the United States populations fate in there hands and make the wrong move and have a crisis for the next four years to come.Also the winner take all system doesnt spread eqaully through the states, In the 2nd source it states" During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina ,and voter in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad." This shows that it doesn't matter that the candidates go to get states because they only depend on certain states that have alot of elctorols like California and Texas an Ohio.

The Electoral College idea is outdated and irrational and needs new ideas that wil make voters happy. It would be easier just to have a popularity vote to pick the president instead of going through so much chaos with all the election. Ther should be campaigns and a couple of debates but then one big election that every one vote on at the same time to elect our president. This idea might help bring togetheir the population in each states to decide on one president to run our nation. The Senate and the House of Represeitatives already have a job and doesn't need to be taking the job of the citizens. To prove my point in passage 2

The

Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the sysem are wrong states "

In 1976 a tie would have occurres if a mere 5,559 voters from Ohio and 3,687 voters in Hawaii had voted theother way. The election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe" The citizens can be confused and easily mislead if something is confusing like the Electoral College. Swing voters can change everything .

In this type of election there can also can be segregation invovled which unfair because mostly all people in the Senate and The House of Represantives are white and maybe have a problem with different races or women becoming the next president.  In source 2 the last paragraph :

"It's offical: The electoral college is unfair ,outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor

of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality.And the arguments against elections are

spurious at best. It's hard to say this but Bob Dole was right:

Abolish the electoral college!"

I agree with this is and I beleive that the Electoral College should be abolished because it is so unfair to the voters because thet are mislead and are not voting for the prsident but for the electors to vote for the president. I hope you agree with my opinion and decide to take this matter in your own hands and make a better election and happy citizens.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME           