The computer software is in schools would be a great thing for many different resons. The software could help the kids become more in volved in lerning,

It can release some stress on kids, and it can help its over all better grades within the class. The computer software can help people not just students in many ways.

First the computer software can help kids stay more interactive within school and help them stay focast at there task. with this software the computer can tell if you are getting board or unhappy, it will try and swtch things up to keep that student more ingaed in there work. This would make students enjoy learning and make them more focased at there work.

Another way the software can help is better grades when a student is more involved in school and enjoys learnign becaseu of how it is being taught will help grades rise. like it says in paragraf 6 ,"then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." this showing that they can help students get more out of thre learning. meaning better schools to choose from when it comes of time. when your grades go up then your gpa then you will hopfully fined a good school when it comes of time. and this software can help you bring up your grades becaseu it hellps yoiu enjoy school more and teaches you in differnt ways that you like better then when you have a teacher and helps you get the best out of what you have learned. When you understand it releases stress and then you day is better.

A third thing this software can do is not just for students what about for people who sit at a office or what about people who work with computers this software can help them be more profincent and help them do better at there job and can help them get payed for somthing they like and do somthing that they would want to do. They would have a better emotion threw out there day.

All in all the software can be very usefull for students and people to make there days a lot better and have better emotions threwout there day and improve there days in all and this software is a great thing that should be implomented in everyday life to help everyone have better emotions.         