I had to make a very important decision recently: I had to decide which language I was going to take. My options were Spanish and Latin, and I was leaning towards Spanish. However, I decided to get my parents' opinions to make sure I was making the best choice. Both of my parents thought I should take Latin. My mom said that taking Spanish in high school hadn't really helped her, and my dad said the same. I also got advice from my teachers, and they told me which language they thought would be best. Eventually, I changed my mind and chose to take Latin, a class I have greatly enjoyed. Seeking multiple opinions can help you make an informed choice, they can help you make a choice you benefit from, and they can help you make a choice that you don't regret later.

When you get advice from multiple people, you get lots of information that can aid you in making the best decision possible. When I was seeking opinions about my language choice, I wanted to know how each language could benefit you and if the people that took the language still used it today. I needed to choose the language that could help me the most, now and in the future. Getting multiple opinions helped me make an informed choice.

Making a decision that benefits you later is another good example of how seeking advice from multiple sources can help you. For instance, I have already noticed that Latin has helped me. I have been using the things it has taught me and applying them in daily life. I can make connections between Latin and English words and if there is an English word I don't know, I can use the skills I have developed in Latin to figure it out. The language I chose has helped me so much already, and I am only in my first year! If I hadn't gotten multiple opinions, I would have chosen Spanish and would not be learning all the wonderful things I am now.

Also, seeking multiple opinions can keep you from making a choice you would later regret. When I was getting advice from my dad, he told me that he wishes he had taken Latin. He is a doctor, and a lot of medical terms have Latin roots. If he had taken Latin, he would be able to figure out what some of those terms mean without looking them up. He regrets the choice he made about his language, and if he had gotten more advice, he might have made a different choice that he was happier with. I, on the other hand, do not regret my decision at all. It might be a little early to know this, but I have seen how it has benefited me, and I think I made the best choice. I was able to do this because of the great advice I got.

I am thriving in Latin, and it is all because I took the advice of many different people. I asked them what they thought, and I collected that information until I knew what the best choice was. I made my decision and am very happy with it. Seeking multiple opinions helped me greatly and I don't regret my choice at all.