Many schools are starting to offer online schooling for students. Students or teachers may believe this can be a very beneficial program. However, I believe that online classes can be difficult or tough on a student. Students some times need an actual teacher showing or explaining to them face to face content, others take extra-curricular activities, and many students may even forget they have an online class.

First, not every student can learn by just one explanation, many students need a teacher showing them or explaining how to do something. Take for example my cousin, She's taking online classes but has a difficult time learning the material because she doesn't understand the explanation they are giving her. Her struggles with the material is there because she doesn't have an actual teacher explaining why such ans such are like that. Not many students have the capacity to learn off of the words of a website. Many students need that extra help, whether its a different way of learning or just a better explanation.

Secondly, A large amount of students take extra-curricular activities. Many are in an art club, Spanish club, and maybe even drama. The struggles for taking an online class for those would be a large amount. For example, The time I took an online class for art, it was terrible, either I didn't know how to transfer my painting to the computer or I just didn't know how to draw the picture. Extra-curricular activities would be difficult to learn without the extra help of a teacher.

Lastly, Students can even forget they have an online class. Many have jobs, others just like to sleep, they'll forget they have a class online and forget to turn in the work. For example my cousin, she sleeps a lot, By the time she wakes up she realizes that her assignment was already due. Online classes don't send out reminders of the assignment so any student can easily forget and fall behind the rest of the class.

In conclusion, online schooling isn't very beneficial. I believe that it can be tougher and more difficult on students. Many need a teacher to show them face to face content, some take extra-curricular activities, and majority of the students forget they even have an online class. For those few reasons is why online schooling shouldn't be an option to students. 