No Texting On the Road: Eliminating Distractions on the Roads

In today's society, everyone is forced to find ways to be the most productive they can possibly be in order to complete their daily tasks.

Commutes to work are longer and the accessibility of cell phones has never been so handy, but also so life-threatening.

People spend so much time in their cars, multitasking, especially in terms of checking messages and emails while in the car, is becoming a norm in society (Teen Driver Source).

But texting and checking messages, unfortunately, is not as harmless as people assume it to be when they are checking their social media feeds during standstill traffic or at a stoplight.

Just in 2013 alone, there were more than 1.2 million car crashes in America and of those 1.2 million, nearly 341,000 of those were caused solely by texting (Teen Driver Source).

Cell phones in the car are more than just a distraction, but a danger to the driver of the vehicle as well as everyone else on the road.

Some states within the United States of America have banned using their cell phones while driving, such as Illinois, but not every state has yet.

When one is distracted on the road, their attention to detail decreases, their reaction time slows, and they are more susceptible to accidents than they were before picking up their phones.

When it comes to driving on the roads, the use of cell phones while driving should not be legal around the country because it increases dangers on the road, increases driver stress, and it damages our brain health over time.

The first and most obvious reason as to why using cell phones on the road comes down to the fact that being distracted leads to potentially more accidents.

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration conducts surveys every single year.

During 2017, 3,166 people died due to distracted driving (Federal Communications Commission).

Distracted driving entails more than just texting, but when further studies were conducted as to the specific causes of the deaths and/or accidents on the roads, more information supports the dangers of cell phone use.

Virginia Tech Transportation Institute (VTTI) performed a study that found the average amount of time a person takes their eyes off the road when receiving a text is 4.6 seconds, and a lot can happen in that short amount of time (It Still Works).

The person in front of the driver could brake suddenly and if the driver is not alert and paying attention, they could end up rear ending the person ahead of them.

If the numbers regarding deaths on the road in relation to cell phone use are not as shocking as one might think them to be, it's important to analyze the total number of accidents instead to provide more clarity on the subject matter.

Just in a single day alone, according to the Federal Communications Commission, 9 people die in accidents and nearly 1,000 people are injured every single day as a result of distracted drivers (Federal Communications Commission).

Over the total year, that's nearly 365,000 injuries and over 3,000 deaths because of people becoming distracted on the road.

If that's not telling of the dangers of texting or checking phones while behind the wheel, then taking a look at how it can impact a single driver is significant to this argument as well.

With distractions, the level of stress drivers may feel on the roads increase.

When it comes to new drivers, this is a very serious issue, as they are both new to the roads and inexperienced in the typical driving routine.

New drivers have a lot to worry about, and adding the stress of text messages or phone notifications makes it more difficult to be safe and present when behind the wheel.

For new drivers and parents alike, there are several recommendations that the Teen Driver Source makes: complete calls or texts prior to getting into the car, get directions and figure out how to get to your destination beforehand, and check in with friends or family only after arrival (Teen Driver Source).

All of these are great tips for new drivers to remain safe while behind the wheel, but texting poses a threat to their attention on the roads, as well as the added stress placed upon them, on top of remembering all the other new skills they are learning as new drivers.

42% of high school students, in a recent study on Teen Driver Source conducted in 2015, admitted that they texted within the last 30 days (Teen Driver Source).

Multitasking promotes more stress, as told by many studies accumulated by organizations studying drivers and their habits while on the road, and for new drivers, attention to detail is imperative (It Still Works).

If high school students admitted to driving and texting at the same time, many of them also admitted that they forgot to wear their seatbelt while driving, which further would increase their risk of injury, or in the worst case scenario, death (Teen Driver Source).

Those under the age of 20 years old are more prone to distracted driving, so it is important to take matters into their own hands (It Still Works).

Teens and all drivers alike are encouraged to not only put their phone away and take care of tasks before turning the key in the ignition, but to also put their phone on Do Not Disturb, a feature available from nearly every phone today (Teen Driver Source).

Eliminating stress and being entirely present in the activity of driving is a must, and for new drivers and experienced drivers alike, if everyone can be mindful of their habits on the roads, stress will decrease, as well as optimal brain usage.

In terms of health, using cell phones while driving is not a great decision for anyone.

Cell phone use while driving has been said to reduce brain activity by about 36% while on the roads, which contributes to a greater risk of injury and/or death and accidents (Teen Driver Source).

Over time, however, this habit could contribute to other areas of life.

Using cell phones while driving could translate to other aspects of a person's life, leading to what could be perceived as an addiction to technology.

Without constant connection to cellular devices, it could not only impact someone's attention on the roads, someone's brain health and optimization, but also what could become of someone's productivity.

This is not just a matter of driving, but a matter of quality of life.

Would it be productive or even healthy for someone to spend their entire lives glued to their phone, inattentive to the world around them?

When it comes to driving on the roads, the answer is clear: using cell phones while driving leads to less productivity and alertness, and the consequences are immediately present.

If society does not take accountability for one's deliberate attention to detail while on the road, there's more at risk than just one missed text or a late work assignment.

People's lives and health are at stake, as well as the quality of their daily routine.

Alas, cell phones are a great part of the world today, but they do not need to hold a great place of importance when behind the wheel.

It's more than just health and brain related issues or even the amount of stress drivers of all experiences face, but it's about danger.

Is it worth the risk to send that text to a friend while on the way to one's destination?

There's advertisements, stories, news articles, and movies about the topic floating around, but some people don't take it as seriously as it needs to be.

It's not about collective action, or rather many people doing the same thing at once, but about many people deciding to take action on their own accord.

So, it is up the individual: take action and be safe, or increase the risk for not only one person, but the lives of the many people one might face on their daily commute.

It's all a choice, but either way, the future will show the consequences of what society decides to make of this information.

Works Cited

Cornell, Scott. "What Are the Dangers of Using Cell Phones While Driving?" It Still Works, It Still Works, 10 Jan. 2019, itstillworks. com/dangers-using-cell-phones-driving-1253. html.

Federal Communications Commission. "The Dangers of Distracted Driving." Federal Communications Commission, Federal Communications Commission, 10 May 2019, www. fcc. gov/consumers/guides/dangers-texting-while-driving.

Teen Driver Source. "Cell Phones." Teen Driver Source, Teen Driver Source, 2019, www. teendriversource. org/teen-crash-risks-prevention/distracted-driving/cell-phones.   