Have you ever asked for help before? Asking for help is a good way to show those around you what you're weak at, and where you need to study. Most people will sometimes ask others for advice, instead of just one person. In my opinion, asking for more advice from different people can be helpful, because it gives you more ideas/thoughts, you can learn more about the topic at hand, and it's helpful. Let's move onto my points.

Asking for multiple people for advice is a wise desision because you get more ideas or thoughts on the matter. Instead of just asking one person, you ask three or four, to see what they say. Sometimes, the person you ask doesn't give you the right response or answer. It's always a good choice to ask more than one person for their opinion or thoughts. Let's say you ask Generic_Name for help on the quiz review question. She thinks it's B, but you don't think that's the correct answer, so you ask Generic_Name. Generic_Name thinks the answer is C, which you think is the correct answer. See how asking more than one person for advice is beneficial? Asking for more than one person for advice is helpful because it gives you more ideas/thoughts. Onto my second point.

Asking multiple people for advice can be helpful because you can learn more about the topic at hand. You can learn more about dolphins if you ask more than one person. Let's say you ask Generic_Name what dolphins are. Generic_Name gives you some pretty basic information that you might've already knew. Then, you go ask Generic_Name, and he gives you more complex information about dolphins that you didn't know, that's super helpful. Don't be afraid to ask more people for help, because you can learn way more about the topic at hand.

Asking multiple people for help is beneficial in the way that it's just helpful. You'd be stupid NOT to ask multiple people. It's how people collect data from surveys, tests, and more. If you're just asking one person for help, you're not the smartest. You get more people's perspective's on something, which can help you alot. If one person says they don't like ice cream, but three people say they do like ice cream, it's pretty obvious what the majority thinks about ice cream. The point is, asking multiple people for help is beneficial because it's more helpful than just asking one person.

Well, that about wraps it up. I hope, from now on, you ask more than one person for help, or for anything. Asking multiple people for help is incredibly beneficial because you can get more ideas or thoughts, you can learn more about the task at hand, and it's just helpful. Thanks for reading!