Do you really want all of your choices to be influenced by the same person? In today's world, most people think they only have to ask one persons advice. People should seek for multiple opinions because it makes sure they aren't being controlled by only one person, it may give them different viewpoints they never would've considered, and it will give them more information about the topic that they never would've known.

More than one opinion will make sure they are not being influenced by only one person. If they are only asking for one persons advice, that person can take advantage of the situation and control them. For example, when I was in 5th grade, I would always go to the same person for advice. They would always tell me to do things I didn't want to do but nevertheless, I would always do whatever they suggested. In retrospect, I should've asked for more peoples opinions so that I could see that there were more paths to follow.

Multiple opinions may give them different viewpoints on a topic they might not have considered. If they only ask one person about everything, they will most likely follow that persons beliefs. They have to figure out for themselves what they think and not rely on others to make the tough decisions for them. For example, when I thought my friend had been spreading rumors about me, I wanted to confront her immediately. Before I disscused it with her, I asked multiple people if they knew anything and I'm glad that I did. They told me the allegations were false and I was extremely happy I didn't rush to conclusions and ended a friendship for no good reason.

More than one opinion will give them more information about the topic so that they can make a more educated choice. One person doesn't know everything. To make a full decision, you need to know all the facts. You wouldn't find everything out from one person. For example I had my heart set on a presidential candidate that I wanted to win. One day, the topic of the presidential election came up in conversation when I was discussing it with my friend. She told me other things about his platform that I did not support. I was happy that I talked to her about it because it showed me that I can't believe everything the media shows me.

People should seek for multiple opinions because it makes sure they aren't being influenced by only one person, it may give them different viewpoints they never would've considered, and it will give them more information about the topic they never would've known. Are you going to allow yourself to be controlled by one person?