"Come here "asked Mrs. Generic_Name " Yes Mrs. Generic_Name?" asked Generic_Name confused on what he has don."How many people have you asked for this survey?" Asked Mrs. Generic_Name "I only asked one person"said Generic_Name. "Well then this data is not accurate if you don't give me accurate data them I'm forced to give a F on this!" yelled Mrs. Generic_Name."I can't get an F on this my mom will takeaway my phone!" Generic_Name said in a begging voice. Asking more than one person for a opinion is a great way to get more specific data ,It can get you out of your comfort zone, and it can make your data more reliable.

One reason asking more than one person for an opinion is that you can get more accurate data. If you only ask one person for their opinion then your data is less accurate then someone who asked many people. Asking multiple people can make people agree to your data then to someone who asked one person. It can also make your data more believable if your data has more opinions then data that has one opinion. If you only ask one person for their opinion then you will get inaccurate data. Asking multiple people for more specific data can also lead you to the opinion that you think is correct.

Another reason asking more people for their opinions is that can get someone out of their comfort zone. One way it can get someone out of their comfort zone is it can force them to ask more people for their opinion and so they have to talk to someone. Another way it can get someone out of their comfort zone is that they might ask one person for their data because they are nervous but then their data is not accurate so they have to ask more people and if they do then they will be less nervous around those people. Also it can get them out of their comfort zone by asking more people they might get less nervous to ask people opinions or people in general. Finally another way this can get someone out of their comfort zone is that it can make someone speak there mind about that opinion instead of sitting there and listening without saying their opinion.

Finally the final reason for asking multiple people for their advice or data is it can make your data more reliable. One way this can happen is that if you have more data then someone else then you have a higher chance of people to believe your's over someone else's. Also it can make more people go your side then any else's because you have the more accurate data. Another reason this can happen is that might of gotten the same survey or project as someone else and if you get more opinions then the other person then more people will believe yours instead of the other. Finally the last reason is that if you have a debate about something some people might side with the other person but if you have the most people on your side then your opinion will be reliable.

"Mrs. Generic_Name I finally asked more people and I think I got more accurate data!" yelled Generic_Name across the classroom." Oh really?" questioned Mrs. Generic_Name. "Yes I really did Mrs. Generic_Name here"! excitedly Generic_Name gave the paper to Mrs. Generic_Name. " You really did I'm proud of you I will change your F to an A." said Mrs. Generic_Name. "Thank you so much you were right asking more people did make a difference in my data." said Generic_Name."You see Generic_Name if you ask people about their opinions then you can get out of your comfort zone and make accurate data."said Mrs. Generic_Name. "Yes I see that now." said Generic_Name in a tired voice.