In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," there are both positive and negative aspects for driverless cars. The idea of automatic cars has been around for a long time. Technology was not as advanced as it is now. Improvements in computer software is going to help make driving safer and is leading to cars that can handle more difficult tasks on their own.

Having driverless cars is a great idea. There are a lot of benifits of having driverless cars. In paragraph 1 it states, "The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. He believes such cars would fundamentally change the world". Having driverless cars would lower the number of deaths and crashes. Imagine someone being drunk and wanting to drive home. Having a driverless car would help that situation a lot less dangerous.

There are a lot of negative things about driverless cars. Having one of these cars would still require attention and assistance. In paragraph 7 it states, "This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. The necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the driver's attention whenever a problem occurs". If someone is drunk or on drugs how will they know when a problem occurs? Not everyone is going to be fit to have a driverless car.

There are a lot of things a driverless car can do much better than a human can do. In paragraph 7 it states, "The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph...They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves...". If a person is unable to break fastly the car will do it. Having a automatic car can help the person worry less because the car will help get them to their destination safely and hopefully on time. Maufacturers are also going to consider using cameras to watch the drivers and make sure they are focused on the road. An automatic car would be good in a situation if someone gets a phone call or a text message. Even though they are supposed to be watching road it will still make it less dangerous. In paragraph 8 it says, "..Something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. In this way, the in-car system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern".

In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," there are both positive and negative aspects for driverless cars. There are more positive things about a driverless car than negative. Some say why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW manager driver states, " We have to interpert the driving fun in a new way". The idea of driverless cars will further be an idea and the negatives will be improved. Maybe one day there will be a true driverless car.      