These four passages "In german suburb , life goes on without cars " , "Paris bans driving due to smog , " Car -free day is spinning into a hit hit in bogota  and " The end of car culture . Talk about life with out cars , how that benefits us and how it makes people feel.

Source one talks about life in Vauban , germany and how cars arent allowed in the suburbs . If so then you need to pay a fee . Not using cars is better for the environment and makes people feel better about themselfs . "When i had a car i was always tense . Im much happier this way " stated heidrun walter . You see more people outside , riding boikes , and children playing . 70 percent of people in vauban dont own cars , and 57 percent of people sold their cars so they could live there . Also in source two it talks about the banning of cars in order to clear the air of the global city . Anyone who refused to stop using their cars were fined . Paris had more smog than other european capitals . In source three People of the city bogota , colmbia , hd a free day also in order to get rid of smog . People hiked , took buses , or skated places ."its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution ." Stated businessman carlos arturo . Improvements have also been made to the city . such as new side walks ,less traffic,parks , and sports centers .People are way happier . In source four it talks about how americans are becoming less interested in cars . Sociologists believe that it will have a positive impact on carbon emissions . Limiting car usage is better for the environment and the people who live in it . Its better for people to ride bikes and go walking . I think that if everyone would continue to stop driving then the world would be a better place .People would live longer , less violence and more happiness .

In conclusion , driving cars can cause a big probem in people lives . things would be easier if everyone quit driving all together .More and more people each year dont get their licence or just stop driving period . Thats how things should be .    