Generic_Name's stomach painfully ached, it rumbled with the anxiety that consumed her whole.

She felt cheeky butterflies weave and tumble inside her belly. She could almost feel her heart trying to escape through her rib cage

"What do I do! What do I do?"

She needed help, and she needed it fast. Who could she seek for guidance? Who would be willing to give her advice when she needed it the most?

"Don't sweat it, just ask Generic_Name out to the dance already before someone else does," Generic_Name's best friend, Generic_Name, quipped.

Generic_Name gulped, she had steadily developed a crush on the ebony-haired boy, although, she couldn't bring herself to confess. It was slowly killing her, draining her energy with every waking moment. There were times like these that came more often than not.

"I appreciate the help, I really do, but who else should I go to for advice?" Generic_Name mumbled with her brows furrowed, a crease becoming more prominent on her forehead.

"You should ask your older sister, Generic_Name, she'll know what to do," Generic_Name chimed in again.

After a brief pause, Generic_Name spoke up, "That's not a bad idea, per se, Generic_Name sure has knowledge when it comes to boys, I'll ask her what she thinks when I arrive home..."

With enough being said, the girls disbanded and parted ways off to their part of the neighborhood.

I believe that when asking for advice, one should talk to multiple people and seek their opinions in order to choose from more options, have faster decision-making skills, and make wiser decisions based on advice from people who have experienced what you're experiencing.

For starters, when you ask more than one person for advice you immediately have variety of options to choose from. Although, some options are better than others, it is more useful to have several scenarios in mind opposed to only one. It especially comes in handy to ask for advice from multiple people when a door closes, with multiple choices you can still open up other door. Everyone's advice is different in their own way too, with a vast amount of opinions you get answers that are out of the box and new. It is always good to be open-minded, and with all the advice that you ask for from you become a more open-minded person ready to take on challenges ahead. The more options, the more prepared you are.

My second reason as to why I believe that you should acquire advice from several people is the ability to make decisions faster. Not only does asking for multiple opinions make you more open-minded, ready, and come in useful, it also allows you to make decisions in less time. Think about it, you have less of a chance to miss your opportunity when you make those choices quickly. You will also become less indecisive in the future if plagued with the same problem. Lastly, to bring this point home, all this new knowledge you are receiving from sources that you asked, you can share with others who are facing the same dilemma. You will spend less time to helping out those who seek your advice if you have already conquered the same problem and figured out the solution in no time,

My third and final reason is that asking multiple people for advice allows you to make wise decisions from experienced individuals.

Who better to ask for any advice other than people who have gone through the situation you're currently going through? Asking people who have have experienced what you're going through allows you to avoid those foolish errors they might've committed when they were in you shoes. People who share their experiences with you can also detail what's to come in the future and how to cope with it. When they offer their advice to you they can also offer comfort and inform you on how to fix what mistakes you might've done.

"Should I ask him or should I not?" Generic_Name whined.

Generic_Name grinned

Generic_Name knew what that meant, she had secretly hoped that Generic_Name would try to discourage her from asking Generic_Name out.

"Go for it, Generic_Name," Generic_Name replied, still beaming.

"...Should I really?" Generic_Name questioned, although it seemed more like she was talking to herself rather than her sister.

"Of course! You shouldn't waste this opportunity, I didn't lose mine when I was your age. You even said that Generic_Name told you to ask him out. Just ask Generic_Name if he'd like to attend to the dance with you," Generic_Name rambled.

"You know what? Yeah... Yeah, I'll do it!"

Generic_Name didn't have to tell Generic_Name twice, she was off before her sister could open her mouth again.

After the end result, boy was she happy to got a second opinion on the matter.

I believe that when it comes to asking for advice, you should ask multiple people and seek their opinions in order to have more options, become faster at decision-making, and make wiser decisions based on advice from people who have experienced what you're experiencing.    