Have you ever felt confused? Have you ever felt like you were in the dark about something and couldn't figure out what to do? Whether it be through a tutor, a friend, or a family member, you may have asked more than one person for help or advice to solve a problem. They may give you bad advice, great advice, or maybe change your mind about something. This is why asking multiple people for advice can help you make a better choice because it can broaden your mindset, people may have more experience, and you can view more than one side.

First, advice from multiple people can help broaden your mindset. You may find yourself seeing the situation in a more serious or less serious way, and may find an easier way of how to deal with it. The fact that you have heard more than one opinion means that you can prepare if the situation somehow changes, which brings us to our next reason. Next, you can switch plans if the decision ever arises. Only one person could probably not give you all the advice you need, so more than one persons ideas could help you come up with a back-up plan to get out of a predicament that you may have not seen coming. Finally, you may change opinions about how to deal with a similar situation in the future, whether it be preparing for a big speech, or simply taking a small quiz. If after everything is taken care of, and you tell yourself "I could have done it better" or "I didnt like the way I dealt with that", you could form your own opinion or make your own advice to give out of your own experience and everyone elses.

Second, asking more experienced people may help you find a much easier way to deal with future problems. First they may offer more helpful advice. They may have been in the same spot you were in many times, and may have found a more easier way to deal with it each time, similar to how you may get the most recent and updated information from a website while doing research. Next, more experienced people may have different, more efficient ways to deal with a problem. There may be different ways to deal with the same type of situation, and you didn't realize. So when you run into the same problem again and you use the same technique to deal with it but it doesn't seem to work, just switch to Plan B that someone suggested to you. Another reason is that they may simply give you more straight-forward advice. Some people can give you a more complicated suggestion that you may not understand until after everything is dealt with, and that may be frustrating. The same person your'e asking for advice may have had that happen to them, and they try to avoid giving you that constant state of frustration, so they can just skip right to the important points.

The third and final reason is that you view more than one side. If you only ask certain people for help, they can give you advice for when you deal with the problem, you may not see the whole picture and end up dealing with consequences you didnt expect. If you ask multiple people, you can see the situation clearly and carefully deal with everything so unexpected consequences don't come out of nowhere and mess it all up. You can also make wiser decisions since you've heard every side. Finally, you can learn to avoid more habits that could have made the situation harder to deal with before.

In conclusion, it is always better to ask more than one person for help because it can make you more aware of what to do in the future, people who have more experience can help you make easier decisions, and you can view more than one side of the situation. Asking one person alone for advice may give you less ways to deal with something, while asking multiple people for their opinions means that you can combine all of their ideas to prepare for anything left to come.