Imagine if you could do all of your school work on your own at your own pace? You would do everything from home. Although some people say that they won't focus on their school work at home they , actually they would learn better because they would not have teachers bothering them about assignments they need to turn in. This could be very beneficial for many students who could use the extra time.

For my counter argument I'm saying that they should not allow students to do online school. Doing school at home could be difficult for some students. They would have no one to help them so if they ever have question they would have to figure it out themselves. Sometimes you just need to ask a simple quick easy question but you wouldn't be able to if you are at home. Also being at home their is so many distractions you would easily lose focus on what you are doing. Another reason is that since you won't have a teacher reminding to complete your assignments you may forget about them. Being at school and having a teacher could help them do better in school.

There are many benefits of doing school at home. One of the benefits is that they learn at their own pace they can spend as much as they would like on a subject. There are times when I'm in class and I understand what we are learning and I finish all my work, but I then have to sit there and wait for the other students to finish or to understand it. During that time that I wasted doing nothing I could have done my other school work. Doing your classes online is a good way to keeping up with your class because you work at your own pace, this would help you maintain the best grades possible.

Another reason is that they have more time to complete their assignments. It's good because they don't have to worry about that the "bell is going to ring" and they are going to be late to class. They can just focus on there work without having to worry about a certain time they need to finish. Which means they can take as much time as they want, it would probably help them learn better. It's important that they do all their assignments and finish them, but it's also important that they understand the work.

In conclusion this could be very beneficial for many students. This could help them to have a better future and enjoy school more. This is best for people who struggle keeping up there class who are either behind or ahead. Some students drop out because they hating sitting in a class room all day. This is a good way to encourage students to stay in school and get an education.                                                                                                                              