Abolishing the electoral college would be the best way to go for everyone. Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electos, who in turn elect the president. (source 2, Plumer) Some wonder, are the people in the electoral college even reliable? Many also believe that the electoral college is an unfair way of deciding whom the president will be. The electoral college is also flawwed in a way that it makes the smaller states feel less important than the bigger states.

Are the people in the electoral college always reliable? Who even knows who chooses our electoral college? Voting citizens can't even control who the electoral college votes for sometimes, this is unjust and an outrage consitering us citizens do the moral duty to vote and may not even get a fair outcome anyways. And, there are some cases in which voters get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong canidate. (source 2, Plumer) This "winner takes all" system is a big mess and highly unnescissary. Not to mention, it is also a very unfair way of deciding.

Some question if the electoral college is a fair way of voting. Which it is not. The electoral college can cause an unfair vote to the presidents which also upsets us citizens. What if say, 5,000 people vote in Florida, 3,000 for president 1, and 2,000 for president 2, and the electoral college sends it off as president 1 gets the vote for that college. But then, that 1,000 vote difference could have changed the vote for president country wide. A scenario like this may be unlikely, but it is possible. It has already happened once, it would be a shame if it did again. Chance of a situation like this draws a lot of people away from voting for president. Another unfair scenario was in 1976 when a tie would have occured if a mere 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 voters in Hawaii had voted the other way. (Source 2, Plumer) The electoral collage is bound to cause a catastrophe and we should stop it before it does.

The elctoral college is also unfair in a way that smaller states votes do not feel as important. Some people in the smaller states even say they haven't seen a campaign poster throughout an entire election because canidates feel as if campaigning isn't important in places that only have 3 or 4 electoral colleges. If we had a popular vote society, people in smaller states would feel like their vote is as important as those in the bigger states.

Overall, the electoral college is higly unfair way of deciding anything. It should be abolished before it turns into a problem. Many can agree that the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. (Source 2, Plumer)    