Sometimes when you are in a tough spot you seek help from friends. You will ask them "what to do" and "what would you do in this situation" . When you're doing this you learn more about the situation, you will probably know the aftermath of your decision, and you will have your friends to support you no matter the decision you chose. I always think the best thing to do in any stressful situation is to tell someone and let them help you figure out what to do. Here's multiply reasons why you should always do this.

You will learn more about what is happening in the situation. Most likely when something first happens you won't know what to do. If you ask a friend about what you should do there going to help you unravel the situation you're in. When you do this you will get multiply different views on the situation. Which could be a good or bad thing. It could sometimes make everything more confusing, or make it more easier to understand, but I know one thing is certain you would expand your knowledge about the situation. Expanding your knowledge about the situation is helpful is multiply ways. It will help you pick the better option.

When your talking to your friend about the situation you will also most likely talk about what will happen after you make your descion. It's always good to know whats going to happen after you make your decision. It always helps you to chose the best option and it warns you of the consequences of your option. It's always the best to plan into the future and see whats going to happened. After learning the aftermath you will be prepared and pick the better option.

After you are done making your decision your friends will always support you. Even before you make your decision your friends will help you, and they will support you after you make your decision. Even if you pick the wrong decision your true friends would be there to support you. It's always nice having someone around to help you and support you though a tough time. It will bring your confidence up and help you be more confident about your choice. it's always nice to have someone by your side to help you in your times of need.

As I said it's always best to ask a friend for help. No matter what the situation is you should always ask for help and it doesn't matter who it is you ask just make it someone you trust. That will help you pick the best outcome.

That is why I think it is best to ask someone for help even if it's a not that big of a deal. A friend always helps a friend no matter what the situation is.