Have you ever needed advice for a choice before? If you have and you have trouble making them on your own, that can affect your actions. If you don't know what to do go get some opinions from others. Getting multiple perspectives from others helps you because you will get more opinions on what to do and what not to do.

First, knowing that you have more then one person to talk to and get their opinion, can make you more likely to go ask more people for them. If people have had similar problems to you, where other people have those problems. Get both opinions on this problem, the more opinions you get the more options you have on your choice. It can also turn into you helping someone if you go to them and you guys work together to fix this problem on both ends.

Next, talking to multiple people could lead to different emotions on this topic and help you understand how you could feel. You could have a strong feeling about your opinion but you always need to think about what you're going to say. The more you talk about this to others, the more you will hear yourself and your perspective might change. If your perspective changes this could cause you to do something different that can lead to you having a better choice and decision.

Lastly, if you get only one opinion that could have a negative impact on you, leading to you making the wrong choice which can't be undone. In past experience I have had to make some choices, many of them i'm not to proud with. Most of the time I went to get one persons opinion because I didn't have much faith or trust in others. That ended up badly because they gave me their opinion and I didnt have any other opinions to base her's off of, so the choice I made ended up being a mistake.

In conclusion, having many peoples opinions to make a better choice and not mess up is better than just getting one opinion. You need to think hard about whose/what opinion you're gonna take. As stated in the essay, one opinion could have a bad influence, your emotions about it can vary and having people to talk to will make you go talk to more people. How will having multiple opinions help you with your choices?