I believe all students should have the option to enroll in distance learning. In my case, I prefer distance learning because I have trouble focusing in a classroom environment. Another plus of distance learning is you get to learn at your own pace and never have to stop for other students. Although distance learning isn't for everyone, I think all schools should offer it because it will be beneficial for many students.

Last year I did a full online school program, and this year I go into school every day but still use a online based system. Since starting distance learning my grades have improved drastically. In public school I always got F's and C's in my classes, I could barely focus and didn't want to stop the whole class when I didn't understand a concept. I never wanted to stay after school to get help from the teacher because that would take extra time out of my day. Once I started computer schooling I could instantly focus better and take brakes when I needed to reset my brain. Being able to work at my own pace is another thing I love about distance learning. I have been able to work a lot faster and complete my classes sooner and with better grades. One main reason I switched to distance learning was to make more time for other things such as my job, and relieving stress I had about school.

I think everybody should be offered distance learning as an option because other students may be struggling as I was in public schooling. However, distance learning is not for everyone. Distance learning can take discipline because you don't have a teacher to bug you when you are not getting your work done. Other students may have the discipline it takes, but prefer a teacher to learn from rather than reading or watching a video online. I think online schooling can help relieve the stress many students face in public schooling. I know first hand that getting the homework turned in, doing poorly on a test, or not getting time to do things you enjoy can be very stressful. Some students may also struggle with social issues such as bullying, where distance learning can help them get away from a toxic environment.

In conclusion, I believe all students should have the option to enroll in distance learning. Distance learning may not be right for some people, but I think it would benefit a large amount of students. Many teens struggle with the stress coming from the social and educational aspects of school, I believe distance learning can relieve this stress. Distance learning can free up time in your day so you have more time for things you enjoy doing. 