Summer would be a lot of fun if students were able to design their own projects. Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. One may argue that summer projects should be teacher-designed. However, summer projects should be student-designed because, students will learn more, students will feel accomplished, and lastly students will be prepared for life as adults. Students will enjoy their summer and their projects if they were allowed to design it.

Students will learn more from their projects if they designed it! They would put more thought into their projects which expands their learning. A lot of of thought goes into designing a project. Students will have to plan out and organize their projects, which takes lot of learning! Students will learn more from working, on a project, on something that interests them. There is way more excitement and joy on learning when it is something in their interest. Rather then doing a topic a teacher wants students to do, students should be allowed to do a topic in their interest. Learning should not always be hard. These summer projects would be easier for students do on a topic they enjoy learning about! Students will enjoy learning more If summer projects are student-designed.

There is nothing better then seeing a student feeling accomplished on a project they designed. Students will feel accomplished on their work. It will boost up their self esteem. They will have more confidence knowing they designed that whole project on their own. Students will take pride in their work. Students will be proud of themselves, not only will students be proud but parents, and teachers will also be proud!

Students will also feel motivated to continue outstanding work just like that on any other projects in the future. It is a great feeling to have students feeling accomplished in their work and not just something a teacher designed for them. Students will feel as if they can do anything!

Student-designed projects will prepare them for the real world as adults! As a teacher, their goals should always be to prepare students for adulthood! Students will be challenged to think outside of the box for their projects. The fact that the project is student-designed will push students to be creative with their projects, and also its gives them a challenge. Students will also learn how to be under a little pressure. Designing a whole project takes a ton a work and will have students under a little pressure. It will defiantly be good practice for the future in their careers. Students will learn how to plan and organize things on their own. While designing a project, there will be planning and organizing that comes with it. Which also prepares them for the future. In life there will be a lot of obstacles which includes lots of planning and organizing. From their projects they gain a lot of practice and tips that may help in the future. Students earn way more then just a good grade, They gain lots of knowledge that may help for adulthood.

In conclusion, students gain much more than just a high five or a pat on the back from designing their own projects. Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. One may argue that summer projects should be teacher-designed. Summer projects should be student-designed because, students will learn more, students will feel accomplished, and lastly students will be prepared for life as adults. Students deserve the chance to show out their skills and show what they can bring to the table! There is a lot a student can show teachers just need to allow them to express themselves .Students will enjoy their summer and their projects if they were allowed to design it.