in this passage it gives many examples on why driverless cars are good and it also gives many reasons why it is not. Honestly im on the no go side. There are a few reasons why. there is that when there are no drivers that means you dont get to enjoy family time. Another reason is that what would happen if something glitched and went out of control and killed someone who would get blamed for that the manufacture or the owner. the third reason is kids my age wouldnt get to enjoy driving for the first time or getting their permit. Those are the reasons why I dont think driverless cars are a good idea.

What I mean when I say family time is that when my family and I go on a trip we try to have fun playing the license plate game where you try to find the alphabet by going in order from a to z on peoples license plates. I would think that there wouldnt be as much fun if there was someone driving. another thing is everyone would get tired of eachother if no one was driving because everyone would be looking at eachother playing games and after a while it gets boring. If there was a driver the people that are getting annoyed with eachother can switch with the driver and then problem solved until someone needs to switch again.

I think that it would not be smart to get driverless cars cause of malfunctions glitches and other problems with electronics. Imagine that you are in your awesome new driverless car and you put your desination in and it goes, so your just sitting there and a malfunction happens and you hit a family thats on a walk would you be the one to blame for it or the manufacture. That would be something that would be a lot of trouble for the person who hit the family if they were driving there would be no malfunction or glitch that would happen. I understand the reason people want driverless cars but what happens if stuff like that happens how would the people with that car feel. People buying the cars have to think of all the posibilities that could happen if something in the car goes wrong.

I'm not sure how other kids feel about driving and getting their permit but I know I love driving anytime I can I will because the fact that I am so close to be able to drive around on my own, not having to ask people to take me places it makes me feel independent. If driverless cars come into play then kids wont get to feel that rush and the feeling of being independent cause it's going to go back to you asking your car to take you places not people. I know that not all teens my age want to drive or even like driving but the teens my age who do will miss out on it and it will suck and how will they feel if something goes wrong with the car.

All of the reasons I mentioned are because its all true just think on all the things it would take away from our society today. Kids wouldnt have as good of personalities as they do. Malfunctions would happen people could die and it would take tolls on the people who owned the car. The other kids my age wouldnt get to feel the rush of driving on their own. These reasons would change the society for the worse I think its better to have cars run on electricity not gas but not to where it drives on its own.