I believe that what the statement means is that you may want to talk to more than one person for advice because you might hear two different things. If you just asked one person they might have a different opinion than the other person. and if you truly want advice you would ask more people because some people have more advice to offer you than another person.

Also it is good to ask more than one person because lets say you had to fix something and the first person you asked has a decent solution but if you asked more than one person the second person might have a better solution to fix your problem. Same with the news,the news is bias most of the time so listing to two news broadcast about the same story would probably be your best bet on getting information on the story. Another thing about advice is you have to ask the right people about something like if you asked a criminal for advice and then a cop you would hear two different stories.

Also another reason why people ask for advice from more than one person is simplie because they want to get all the information they can get out of others so that they will now know something that they did not know before. like for instance if you were struggling with something in class you would probably ask a classmate to help you out and then you would ask the teacher in the room for help so then you can stop struggling in that class.

another example for advice is the president the president appoints a group of people in his cabinet to give him advice on what they should do next and on how to deal with issues at hand.

same with sports the athletes have coaches that give them advice on how to get better at a game and they have teammates that will also give them advice on how to get better. Same with soldiers in war if they were pinned down behind cover they will probably talk among each other and think of a plan to get themselves out of danger. Also when The FBI has to do a mission they would ask each other for advice before they make a move into completing the mission. I recommend when you ask advice ask people you know like friends and family because you would get an actual answer.

normally people would ask an older person for advice because they have been alive longer and know a lot more than you and have also probably been threw a lot more than you have. Thought advice is good to ask for make sure you ask the right people for advice because some people might not have good advice and miss inform you about something and then someone might ask you about it and then you would spread miss information without even knowing it which leads to that person you just miss informed without knowing to spread what they just learned in conclusion it is a good thing to ask more than one person for advice because you will get to different answers and one might be better than the other but it also depends on who you ask because if you ask something political going on you would get a bias answer and also always ask people you trust for advice because those people would give you a better answer than some random person you asked.

those are reasons why people ask more than one person for advice

Thanks for reading - Generic_Name :) 