Exploring Venus would be a pretty amazing experience and to find out everything that is on that planet would be pretty awesome as well. With exploring this planet it does bring many dangers and challenges. Venus is nothing like Earth on the safety scale for humans, so sending humans to Venus is a very hard tasks to do. Even though there are many dangers to trying to explore Venus there are also a lot of benefits like finding out what lived or lives on the planet. The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" greatly supports the idea of how Venus is a worthy pursuit even though it has many dangers.

In this article the author describes very well what all the dangers of exploring Venus are. There are many different dangers or challenges to doing this. For example the author of this article stated that "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere". This quote is showing just two examples of how unsafe Venus is. It is saying that the air is filled almost fully with carbon dioxide which is deadly to humans and the clouds are full of acid that could kill humans as well. The author also describes in the article how dangerously hot the surface of Venus is and it could simply kill someone. The author does very well at describing the dangers of exploring Venus. They give many examples as to why it is almost impossible to explore there.

The author then gives examples as to why it would be a worthy pursuit to be able to explore there. Even though the amount of dangers are huge there are many good reasons as to try and be able to explore Venus. In this passage it is said that "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth". This quote is showing that if they were to get someone to be able to explore Venus then we would be able to find information about the planet like this out. It would be even better if they were able to get up and personal to the planet like collect rocks, gas, or other things on the planets surface as explained in the article. It would be one great experience to find out what life on other planets would be like.

All of this imformation is showing how well the author is convaying the message of how worthy it would be to be able to explore Venus even though it has many dangers. The author is giving the readers many different examples of what the dangers are, why it would be important to explore this planet, and also how they are trying to figure out ways to do so. The author explained how NASA is trying to find many different approaches to be able to explore Venus and get information. All of this information that was explained in this article are great ways to showing how it is a worthy pursuit to exploring Venus. It makes the readers of the article get a clear picture of everything and why it would be good to try to explore this planet.

Yes, exploring Venus would be really great and it brings many dangers. As read in this article the author does a great job as to showing the readers why it would be a worthy pursuit even though it brings many dangers with it. The author included many details about what the dangers are, why it would be important to explore Venus, as well as how NASA is trying to solve this issue. 