would you think is this inconvenient?

I would like to think the students has benefit from being able to attend classes from home. It would make the student confidence. They can save their time and money. It could help them to finish and graduate early.

First, It would make the students confidence. For instance, my friend Generic_Name was coming in the Generic_City. When she came in the United States she wasn't speak English well because English is her second language. When she was starting her class in the beginning of september her classmates started to bullying her for her accent. While she couldn't handle their bully and she was deciding to drop off her regular school and taking online classes. After couple weeks she was taking online classes in her home. She was doing really well and got confidence becuase her online classmates was bilingual students they were understood each of them.

Secondly, they can save their money and time. Generic_Name was working at church and at the same time he was taking college classes. He had big family. By the reason of his family he decided to quite to his college school because he hasn't enough time to taking face to face, he should take care of his family and he need to paid a lot of money for his credit. So, he decided to taking his online classes becuase he can got cheap online classes, he got full time job, he got enough time to study of his classes and for his family.

Finally, when I came in the United States I was wondering 12 grade but I need to some credit to graduate like History,Goverment and Art. If I would like to take those class in the one year I used to add some classes and I can't graduate early. So, when I talked my counslour she suggsted to me I need to take online class because If I'm talking those class in the one year they would gave to me elective classes. So, I don't need elective classes because I already had credit. So, I wondering to took those three classes in online

I finished and I graduated early in January 5.

Inconclusion, I would say It would help to get the diploma to easy way. It is the one of a good opportunity for students. It can solve the students problems. It could build own confidence. It can save the time and money.