School required students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during the break. The time we live on right now students should get projects over the summer, so they can prepared for college and other things in life this is why the schools are giving them work so they dont forget about school and keep learning everyday. While some people around the world say that teachers should design the summer project for the students. It is better for the students to design their own summer project because they have better ideas, Can make their projects less stressful, and make it more fun with their friends.

All students in the world have better ideas to how to design your own project and make it better. Students have better understanding of what they want to do for there project like having better ideas and knowing what they want to work on. Cristiano Ronaldo wrote a article about why is good students should design their projects and why teacher should let them design their own article. Cristiano Ronaldo is a soccer star but he went to high school and know what the students want to do and design. He wrote on the article that students brain is still developing;he said that if students keep making their own decision and teachers let them choose their designs of projects they can come up with better ideas that other people cannot even think about. In the article he wrote that we students have a amazing brain and we can come u with the best ideas and design of projects that no one else can't. Everyone keep saying that teachers should make the designs of students projects for the summer.

Students of everywhere can make there project design less stressful if they get to choose what they can do. When students get to design there own project is less stressful for them because they can choose how they want to do it.

Leonel Messi came to every high school in the united states to talk about how stressful is when teacher give students projects over the summer. They make us work super hard and is super hard to communicate with their teacher over the summer. He talk to us that picking our own projects is way better than teachers picking the design because we can make our own ideas and it is less stressful and that is going to be easier. When students pick their design they don't need to worry about asking question to their teacher and stressing out. Messi told us that when he was in high school,he used to choose his own design of project because it was less stressful and more fun to do. when people keep saying that teacher should choose our design it so stressful because us as student want to choose our design for our summer project.

People in all high schools keep saying that is more fun for students to make our design of project ,because it makes our studies more fun and incredible. The mother of my friend ones told me that there is nothing more fun than getting to design a project as a student. She told me that when she was in high school their teacher choose the project for them and that wasn't fun for no student. That's why she told me that is more fun to get to choose your own design of project because when teachers get to choose them is super boring and stressful students sometimes cry. She told me that If i had the chance to make my own design to take it because it was not going to be fun to if the teacher choose the design. It is going to be more fun if you get to choose your own design for the summer project because i can get to make it with my friends and probably family members. Never let your teacher choose design the summer project for the students.

While other people might say that these summer projects should be teacher designed because the student keep learning more and keep working hard;however, if students make their own summer project design it is way better because student have better ideas, less stressful, and get to have more fun while doing the project. Messi gave us a great talk about how to choose your own design of project can make every students less stressful. Students around the world have a ruff time trying to do projects that their teacher gives them over the summer. Teachers should let students choose their own design so students can relax and have fun over the summer and they can keep doing there project and still have time to have fun with family and friends. Every student around the world should start making their own design for their project.        