Do you believe in aliens? If so do you believe they left acients remains behind? If you do you're not the only one . About 25 years ago NASA's Viking 1 space craft was circling the planet of Mars , snapping pictures of possible landing zones for it's sister ship viking 2, when it spotted the likeness of a human face . The head was aproximatly two miles long and was staring back at the cameres from a region from Mars called Cydonia .

Mission control were suprised at first until they realised it was just another "Martian mesa". A few days later NASA unveiled the image to the public and the caption noted “huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth.” The authors reasoned it was a great way to attract attention to Mars . The "Face on Mars " has became a pop icon it has starred in many magazines and books.

All the fame that came from the marking soon died out this was all just a natural land formation , it had nothing to do with aliens . Have you ever heard of the

Snake River Plain of Idaho , well it has the same natural formations such as Mars. Many people including you believe that aliens created it ,but there is no proof , in contrast aliens have never even been discovered so why conclude they made this natural formation.

However there is a reason why some people may believ that this is an alien making. The cameras that were used that day had trouble getting a clear image because of the cloudy weather that day. So the image is very blurred which may lead to some differnt reasoning on the "Face on Mars". NASA try their best to get better shots to prove if it was an alien artifact or not , “We felt this was important to taxpayers,” said Jim Garvin .

Although , this image would bring NASA biliions of dollars if it had been discovered near an ancient civilization .It was only a natural earth formation caused by natural causes , if there was an earthquake would you think aliens made that to . No , exactly because aliens do not exist as we know it. We have no proof that they exist to why conclude that they had made markings on Mars . Just to prove to conspirists like you that aliens didn't leave a marking NASA went to the same spot they took the first images and and retook them again in better weather conditions. They once again found nothing that would relate to a "martain marking".

In conclusion , the "Face On Mars" was just a natural formation. This happens in many places on earth too . Which is why you should believe that aliens didnt leave a mark on mars . What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa.