Do you have what it takes to be in a classroom? Some people would say that students would not benefit from distance learning because they wouldn't get to be as hands on as the students who are in the classroom. However, students would benefit from distance learning because some students might not have the financial ability to make it to a classroom everyday, there are students that just cant handle being in a classroom environment, and it might just be easier for them to attend classes from home.

To begin, some students might not have the financial ability to attend classes everyday. There are many factors like gas prices that keep students from attending class. For example, there was a girl in college and her parents were very poor. They couldn't afford the gas that was needed to be able to drive their daughter across town to classes everyday. She ended up doing online classes and it worked out great.

Furthermore, there are many students that just can't handle being in a classroom environment. 60 percent of students in the classroom have a mental illness that prevents them from being able to focus. 40 percent of students in the classroom have a hard time interacting with others. For example, in middle school there was a boy and he had a hard time concentrating on the tasks that he was given. Well his parents decided to teach him from home and do online classes and it worked out just fine.

Finally, it might just be easier for students to attend classes from home. As mentioned before, gas prices are extremely high these days and not everyone can afford them. The classes online might be easier than the classes in the physical classroom. For example, let's say you are taking a history class online. The course that is online might be easier because you get to go at your own pace. Taking classes online just might be easier.

To conclude, students would benefit from distance learning. They would benefit from distance learning because some students might not have the financial ability to attend a classroom, there are many students that can't handle a classroom environment, and it might be easier for students to take the online course. So next time you are having trouble in class, try distance learning. You won't regret it.         