Dear principal,

I believe that Policy 1 is the best choice. Policy 1 is the best choice because it could be used for emergencies or to keep in touch with their fellow classmates. Many of the students have a cell phone and always want to use it for texting, calling, playing app's, and more. If we can't use our cell phones what's the point of having one? All the students will agree on Policy 1.

I agree with your thoughts about not having cell phones in class and have them shut off. If students have their cell phone out and use them during class they could be talking about the teacher, and making fun of her while she is teaching. Also, the teacher may not know they're talking about her and laugh along which will make her look stupid. All teachers should be treated with respect and cell phones may just make the teachers respect go down hill. Due to the text messages the could be sending.

Also, in the class the teacher could give out a pop quiz or a regular test. Most teachers would forget the rule of having cell phones in class. That would not be good because students could send the answers to their friends and class mates and the teacher would never know. This would not teach the students to pay attention in class all they have to do is text. Cell phones have so many high tech devices and can be used the wrong way. If the teacher is doing a review during the test a student could record it and play it over during the test which is giving them all the answers.

Although students can't have their phones during class, they can have them during lunch and free periods. This is good because students could keep in touch with their parents. If a student was talking to their friend about coming over to their house at lunch and they wanted to inform their parents they could call them or text them during lunch. Also, a student can keep in touch with one of their friends that's sick and wants to know how they're doing at home. Considering, if they want them to come after school to make them feel better.

Overall, Policy 1 is the best choice. It lets the students have time to chat with their friends and inform their parents about work in school or questions. Policy 2 doesn't allow students to contact anyone such as they're friends or parents. This is not good in case there is an emergency. However, Policy 1 can. That's is why Policy 1 is the best choice.

Your student,

STUDENT_NAME