Many people believe this very famous "Face on Mars" was indeed created by aliens. We've been hoping for explanations of this and possibly another alternative than the Face just being a landform on Mars. Although, after reading the article "Unmasking the Face on Mars", NASA had indeed found an explanation that shows the Face is surely not created by aliens, but it is just another natural landform that we have discovered.

First of all, the Face has been discovered as a natural landform because NASA scientists even said, "There must have been a degree of surprise among mission controllers back at the Jet Propulsion Lab when the face appeared on their monitors. But the sensation was short lived. Scientists figured it was just anohter Martian mesa, common enough aroud Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh." Even though the face caused much excitement between the scientists, we as the scientists needed to face the fact after all the research and pictures that showed the Face was not something extravagant the aliens on Mars had created. So even though the Face gained much popularity commercially, it was just another landform like the many other ones on that planet.

Also, finding out their was ancient civilization or aliens currently on Mars would benefit NASA greatly, as it would be seen as a huge accomplishment. The article states, "Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars-evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. "Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars." My question is for you, why would NASA try to cover up or hide that they indeed found aliens or life forms creating things on Mars? NASA spent a long time taking pictures and doing research to look at this kind of stuff, even though something like this would be a huge event in all of history. It would become a great accomplishment for NASA and they would definitely want to share what they have discovered. When they first found the Face, NASA gained popularity from commercials and it became an icon. So if the Face was indeed created by aliens, NASA would gain even more popularity, if they thought the face was anything more that a landform after all the pictures and research.

Finally, the area that the Face was discovered in a common place for those landforms. The article says, "Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia." Even though it caused a great surprise, the scientists soon realized it was just another landform, which they the sensation was over. Don't worry though, a few scientists did actually believe the Face was an alien artifact, but let me tell you, they were wrong. "On April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camers team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious websurfers were waiting when the imagine first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing...a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." So as you can see, those scientist were proved wrong by that picture that proved there was no actual alien monument, as they believed so.

In conclusion, I hope I have convinced you with the evidence from over the years involving the unmasking of the Face on Mars. The Face was not created by aliens because NASA would not hide the information, there is signifact pictures evidence to prove this argument, and the Face was in a common place for things like those to be found, in a place called Cydonia. NASA worked on it for years, trying to find the truth, only to find they had discovered another natural landform. Also, even though some scientists may have thought there could be alien artifacts and it was created by the aliens on Mars, they soon realized what the Face truly was. 