Summer, a break from school and a time to kick back and relax. For most at least. Some schools are requiring student to do some type of project over the summer to insure the they are expanding their education outside of their standard education. The main debate is whether the administrators or students decide on what the project is on. A student designed project is optimal for many reasons, for intense, being self motivated during the project, being able to freely choose the style or design of the project, and to let them express their sense of creativity. These three reasons are why student designed project are immensely better than administrators picking them, and to insure the student have the best, fun filled summer they can.

The first reason is self motivation, the whole point of summer is to have a break from school work and its projects. Students arn't going to be very motivated if the teachers give them a boring project to do during their break. By allowing student to pick their own projects it gives them motivation towards their work, because it creates reason to their assignment. Relating to reason, it also lets them pick a project that relates to themselves. By choosing something that relates to you, its no longer a project, it becomes more personal. It becomes something that the students really have to think about to find the answer. With that, they can pick a good interesting topic that they can easily stay focused on throughout the events of summer. Having motivation is crucial in everything, not just in school, to stay on task and to do what you enjoy.

Next, allowing students to choose their projects lets them choose the style of the project. Doing this allows students to choose the style, format, design, and other parameters of the project. Students can design their assignment in a way that they wont get board of doing. Having fun is what summer is all about, why not have a little fun while doing their project. They can decide if they wasnt a easy project or one that would make them critically think about what they are making. Finally, it allows them to plan out the project as they wish and on their own time. this creates time management skill, because summer is typically a busy time with many distractions, however if students create there own form of project they can carefully plan out days to work on it and achieve completion.

And lastly, creativity. This is the most important thing to learn at a young age, because not many people have it. Letting student assign their own project definitely creates creativity, it makes them think outside of the box and do things they normally wouldnt, like creating their own personal project over the summer. it lets them think for themselves for once instead of just having work assigned by the teacher in the regular school year, it makes them think for themselves. And most importantly, it prepares them for the real world. In the workplace your most likely not just going to have assignments with specific regulations to follow, no, you are going to have to get crafty and create a solution. We need people like that in our world today, and thats what students need to develop at an early age by say, designing their own project over the summer rather an administrator designing it.

In conclusion, a student designed project is clearly better when weighting out the options. It allows the students to be self motivated, by letting them pick a topic for themselves. They can pick a style that best fits them and their interest. Lastly makes a more creative person when say and done, because it makes them go out of there comfort zone and think outside of the box. And most importantly, to have fun while doing it because after all, isnt that what summers all about.