" What's wrong with the Electoral College?" To be honest, have you ever thought where our vote goes. Just in case you forgot, when we vote we're not voting for the President. We're voting for slate electors who would vote for the President, but how could we be sure that they make the right decision for all Americn Citizens.

I write this letter in favor to inform you that the electoral college is an unfair advantage for American citizens. I see how from a stand point you may trust the electoral college due to abundance of knowledge and critique they have. Yes, I can tell why you'd chose them in a way that they may have strong critique. But how can you trust them with a decision held in their hands with willing citizens to think about. " At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner take all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in  states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the " swing" states". Why is it continuing base it off of this knowing how American's feel about this matter? Which brings me back to why Americans have to feel like they have an unfair say on who the President can or could be? Perhaps reasoning is the EC( Electoral College) knows whats best for the American future. Thinking about the effects of the EC voting for the President could possibly vary in results and mat be right. But shine a little light on the situation, it should be in America's people hands and hearts who the president should be."...  candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no cahnce of winning..." Why should we feel like that? American's sould have the right to vote for our leader not people who vote for our leader.

Hold on, I'm not finished yet. Another reason why is when American's vote how could we be sure who to vote for. I agree that Americans can make and exercise their decisions when voting  for the Eletoral College. American's are depended on voting , another fact I agree on. But American's sometimes dont know better when voting. " The American people should consider themselves lucky that the two - thousand fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse. Consider the state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors , and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." Sometimes it would be the Americans that throw off the vote for the EC, but in other perspective that wouldn't be the case. Americans should vote wisly upon the information given. but yet the electoral college shouldn't vote for the citizens of the United States, Info should be viewed. I can visaulize someone else perspective it could be with different electorsl parties. But in reverse think about the the biggest election crisis in 2000." Consider the state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people". Keeping in mind that we should still vote for our President but at the same keep in mind who citizens are voting for so another voting crisis wouldn't happen again.

In conclusion, I hope you clearly thought it through and thorough. Its hard to rely on other's with a big responsiblity like this. So the Government should let us trust our instincts and but at the same time think them out.                      