Goodmorning fellow citizens , i hope you all are having a wonderful day!  Could that possibly be because you all walked or rode your bike to this meeting today? The reason behind that is because there are many advantages to limiting car usage. You are less tense and happier ,  , smog- free air , and you can have fun with it! Bringing together your community. Now , who's up for a challenge.

Car-Free Cities as in Source 1:"In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars" , by Elisabeth Rosenthal , made really good points. First i would say , not having your car makes you stress free. 70% of Vauban's families do not own cars , and 50% sold a car to move here. "When i had a car i was always tense. Im much happier this way" , said Heidrun Walter , a media trainer and mother of two , as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. People are giving up their cars because they claim it's more to life. In the United States , the Enviromental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communities , and legislators are starting to act.

Source 2: "Paris bans driving due to smog" , by Robert Duffer , talks about "healthier" air. So , another advantage would be to have smog-free air. Congestion was down 60% in the capital of France after five days of intensifying smog. Cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions , diesel fuel was to blame. Delivery companies complained of lost revenue and Public transit was free of charge from Friday - Monday , according to BBC. The smog cleared enough Monday for the ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd numbered plates on Tuesday. This way the air we breath doesn't harm us.

Source 3: "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" , by Andrew Selsky is exciting. Lastly i would like to state , you can have fun with not having a car bringing together your community. In a program millions of Columbians hiked , biked , skated , or took buses to work during a car-free day. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution , " said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife. Parks and sports centers also have bloomed and new improvements have been made everywhere. Source 4: "The End of Car Culture" , by Elisabeth Rosenthal explains the greenhouse effect also , and the change it's had on the economy.

In my closing remarks i would like to say overall the advantages of limiting car usage is amazing! We can have fun with it and improve global warming and our economy. Who wants to help me tell the mayor this situation? I'm about to give in my car right now! You are less tense , smog-free air , and your community can join in. Now i ask again...... Who's up for the challenge?!                                                            