The use of the Facial Action Conding System would be valuable to read the emotional expressions of students in the classroom because it will detect how the student feels about the task at hand. If it detects that the student is bored it could modify the lesson to make them more awake and begin working on the task at hand. This technology could also help find each students way of learning. For example if one student works hands on and another works by taking notes then the system can mofify both programs to fit their learning style. This technology also could help teachers see if a student understands a topic, and if they see they don't or they are becoming frustrated with it they can modify the lesson. Using this system would be of value to students and schools, because it not only would help students learn but it would also help teacher teach.

If a student is feeling bored with his or her work the Facial Ation Coding System can modify the task at hand and make the student more prone to continue and finish the work. This claim is supported by the article because it says "A classroom computer could reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored" This would help the teacher help the student make changes. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.'" This technology not only helps students become more inclined in school work but it also helps teachers

This technology could help find each students way of learning by detecting each facial expression to see if they are inclined in the task at hand. For example, if one student is understanding and enjoying the way a lesson is being taught, the system could modify each of their lessons to fit their way of learning. But if another student doesn't like the way a lesson is being taught the system can test out different styles until the correct one is found. The article supports this by stating "if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar as might follow." This example could go for both advertisment and school work. "If you frown, the next ad will be different." This system can be used to see if a student is enjoying and understanding a lesson as well as not enjoying and understanding a lesson.

The Facial Action Coding System could help teachers see if a student is understanding a topic or lesson. It could do this by detecting their facial expression then letting the teacher know if changes need to be made. This would help because it allows the teacher to know if thier methods of teaching are acually being of value to the student. This claim is supported because the article includes "By weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions." This supports the claim because it shows that the software can identify not only one emotion but serveral. "Eckman has classified six basic emotions- happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness- and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles." The technology can analize and detect certain emotions and allow the teacher to see all of them and make modifcations if they are needed.

Using this system would be a value to schools because it not only helps students learn but it would help teachers teach. It would allow teachers to see how certain kids learn and modify their lessons to fit. It would also allow students to be more inclined in the task at hand. This system would be a great value to education and how kis are taught.         