You get upearly on November 6, 2012 ready to vote, because every vote counts! But does it really? Instead  of your vote going directly towards who you want as president, it goes towards the electoral collge and then they decide who really wins the presidency. The Electoral College ia a system where instead of the people vote for the president, a group of electors choose the next leader of the free world. I fervently believe that we should abolish the Eletoral College sytem, and change the election of popular ovte because it is an injustice, outdated, and irrational.

The Electoral College system is highly unfair. The voters wnat to elect the president that they would like, and in order to do that their vote should be significant. Although  the Electoral Collge system is at times efficent, it still does not satisify the voters. The people aren't even the ones who get an actual say on who their next president will be. Even the people who are in defense of the Electoral College System agree, "It is the electors who elect the president, not the people" (15), says Richard A. Posner author of "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five Reasons to keep our despised method of choosing president." In the 2000 elections, candidate Al Gore received more individual votes than George W. Bush, and won the popular vote, but did not win the electoral college vote so he lost the presidency. If this is supposedly a "free" country with a democratic system, then shouldn't the citizens have the right to pick the individual that will be running their country for the next four years?

Some electors may not even vote with the majority. Voters can't control who their electors vote for. The electors are even sometimes picked by the presidential candidate running for office, how does it seem fair that a group of people that hold the fate of our country in their hands is chosen by soemone who would be highly affected by their decision.

It is also an injustce because of the way the votes count. If you live in a state with a higher population, your state gets more electoral votes. The amount of electors depends on the amount of senators and representatives your state has. There is one elector per representative, and two per senator. There is a total of 538 electors, and to win presidency the candidate mst have at least 270 or higher. For example sya you live in Iowa, where there are only four electors, the vote doesn't count as much as the votes in California or Florida.  The system is completely outdated too. The Electoral College system has been around for hundreds of yars,a dn it is not up to date with our modern times, so it is a complete waste to use it.                        