The most beneficial tool the education system could possibly provide for our students would be the opportunity to attend class from home. Distance learning not only benefits students with active schedules, but it also allows students to control their academic environment, and with this resource students are able to learn at their own pace.

Students with active schedules gain an advantage from using distance learning because, this resource aids students with time management. A national study has provided evidence showing that eighty percent of all high school students participating in sports, art and music programs, or enrolled in advance placement classes are not always able to handle the workload, often times being strained and unmotivated from this daily challenge. This research is ultimately proof that there is a need for outside materials to eliminate this problem, and distance learning provides the solution. With distance learning the students can take some of their core classes via online, or even through video chats teachers can upload, giving the students more relaxed schedules during the school day offering them time to focus on their other activities and classes they may throughout the day; turning the once stressed out teenagers struggling with academics into powerhouses of success.

Being able to have choices and control the settings around you is something we as humans do in society everyday, whether it be from choosing to sit at a booth over a table in a restaurant because you dont like being close to crowds, or even deciding to drink Starbucks instead of McDonald coffee. So why not apply the same concept with Education. Students should be able to control their learning environment and distance learning allows them to make those choices. School is considered very stressful for the young minds of today, not only that but having the same routine every day for ten consecutive months has proven to make students learning experience depressing, and mentally taxing. When students are capable of changing their learning environment they become reengaged with the material and not bored with the same scenery. For example, a local school district offers a distance learning program where students can take the core classes they would normally have at school and take it online, many of the students who have overwhelming schedules decided to use the distance learning resource and completely fell in love with it, the ability to take their work somewhere outside of school made it easier for the students to focus and was described as an answer to their academic prayers, showing that this tool is beneficial, and can really enhance a students learning experience.

Distance learning can serve as an outlet for those who struggle with keeping up with the speed of the class material in school, letting them complete their work at a pace thats beneficial to their independent needs. When asked, students agreed that they often struggle with following the class lectures and completing classwork in a sufficient time, resulting in their overall class grades plummeting into the educational abyss of no return. If the students were given distance learning they could easily space out their new online assignments to match their needs and various levels of understanding. No one student is alike, they are all unique individuals; an amaing solution such as distance learning meets the need of every student, allowing them to reach their goals at their own pace.

Finally, We know that students would benefit immensely from this academic gold mine. Although, others might be reluctant to this idea and say that students are better off working entirely from school, or that school work should stay at school they are entirely incorrect. Students prosper most from distance learning because it provides as an outlet for students with demanding schedules, Students can control their learning environment, and last but certainly not least, distance learning allows students to learn at a pace thats best for them. As a final thought, just remember the students of now are our future and we should utilize the best tools possible for their success, anything else would be a disservice, prohibiting them from reaching academic success.