What to eat, what to buy, what to wear, what to say, and where to go. These are some of the basic tasks that we often seek advice on, and somtimes, we even ask multiple people. It's a good idea to seek advice from more than one person because, they may offer, clarity on the situation, they may give you support, and possible solutions to the problem you're facing.

Lot's of advice offers clarity. Receiving advice from multiple people can allow you to see the problem for what it is and help you better understand what may be the right choice. One friend may tell you that you look great in red, while several other people think otherwise. Asking what to say is most effective when done to multiple people as this lets you to see diffent perspectives, allowing you to choose what to say with a better understanding of the person. Things like asking someone out, helping a friend though something, or convincing someone to think something new is often difficult without the insight of others. It is for this reason that when I am unsure of what to say, I ask my friends what they think to get a grasp of what the peron I am talking to may be feeling. Getting advice from multiple people really hepls you understand what's going on.

People who give you advice may also provide you with support. Other than tell you how to do something, some people may just help you directly. This is good for a lot of things and helps you accomplish what you need. Advice is very helpful, but having someone root for you, or cheer you up is great as well. Asking dome how to deal with loss is more than just how to heal, it's an oppertunity to allow them to offer you emotional support. Having to study for tests was hard so I asked a friend for some tips, instead, she ended up practically tutoring me and helped me ace tests. I asked for advice, but got so much more.

More than one person giving you advice, gives you multiple possible solutions to solve a problem. When getting advice on something like art, it's best to ask more than one person because one person's style may not suit you while another's does. Getting help from only one person can limit the amount of possible solutions you get to a problem. It's a good idea for most things to ask advice from multiple people. Even doing puzzles becomes easier when you have multiple eyes on it. Same thing with videogames, you clear levels faster when you have multiple people thinking how to win. The quickest options sometimes come only after asking a plethra of people. If you've ever heard the term, "Two heads are better than one", this is probably what they they meant.

It's a good idea to ask ask advice from more than one person. It offers clarity, gives support, and new solutions to a problem. Next time you ask for advice, do yourself a favor, and ask more than one person.        