Could you imagine everyone in the world driving in a vehicle that could control where and when you go somewhere? I think it would be absolute chaos. I couldn't imagine driving in a vehicle that could take control on it's own, It would be way to skeptical for me. I strongly disagree about driverless cars.

First, driverless cars are not 100% durable nor safe. Google cofounder, Sergey Brin, stated that "General motors created a concept car that would run on a special track". That track for these driverless cars were embedded with electrical cables that sent radio signals to the front of the car. In reality, no roads have any electrical currents running through them to make any car more secure. It's illegal in many states to even test computor cars because this company hasn't proved their car reliably safe. Driverless cars are in my opinion, not safe.

Secondly, in this whole artical, I didn't hear one thing about the driverless car being able to sense any size animal. Animals cause many accidents or deaths in the U.S. Animals are dangerous when you're driving, and many are unpredictable. This car has lots of little gagets and electronics in it, I think it should at least help you predict or let you know when a animal is approaching.

Lastly, weather is another big factor when you're trying to drive safely. Driverless car can't even predict when it's snowing, raining and such. When driving in dangerous weather and areas, it's very important to stay consistant, to stay calm, and to keep focused. Driverless cars dont have any emotions, they're not worried about the persons family waiting at home for them, or if the human in the car dies. Cars with a lot of technology have a better chance of screwing up, or something to go wrong with the vehicle.

To sum everything up, computor cars cannot be trusted. Driverless cars can't determine when animals are approaching nor can determine the weather or what the roads are like. "Traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at ALL times". Computors aren't meant to be in control of our lives or our loved ones lives. 