Driverless cars shouldnt be aloud. theyare dangerious, they could increse the rate for teens, increase the rate for death during a car crash, and what if the senor broke on the side of the car you wouldnt even know so you could just fly off the road.

Having a driveless care shouldnt be aloud at all. first they could increase the the rate for czr crashes in teens. the rate is already high for them expecially in Indiana and we dont even have them kind of cars yet. Cell phones are a major role to the youth in todays time. that is the main reason for so many recks today so if you give them a car that can drive its self, they are not gone do nothing but text and not pay attention to the rode at all basically if you was to do that you are setting them up fro their own death.

Second ,by not creating these kinds of car and giving them out you could be saving your company alot of money. Because if somebody was to get in a reck and they wasnt driving but the car was driving its self they gone come to the people who made the car because they feel like it was thier fault. Even tho you told them that they still had to pay attention to the rode they not cuz they feel like the car can watch its self. so if you dont put the car on the market you can save your company alont of money and alot of stress.

Third, you wouldnt wanna be the reason for any deaths, because if you start getting so many deaths on your car nobody is going to want your car so now you then wasted money on all these cars and parts for these cars that nobody is buying so you just lost alot of money and nobobody just has money to waste. If your company starts to lose money they gone have to start cutting people because they can no longer pay you, and the first person they are going to fire are the people who came up with the idea that caused them to lose so much money in conslusion i think t would be your best bet to just not make the cars because your saving money, your saving lives so now your heros, and you dont have to worry about anybody tryong to sue you for most of everything yall got because if the person win boy yall feelings gone be hurt 