I dont think that we should keep the electoral college. i think that we should just have it to where it would just be an election by popular vote for the president of the United States. One reason that i feel this way is because you dont always have the power of knowing why you are voting for. Another reason is because sometimes voters get confused about the electors and they vote for the wrong candidate. Did you know that in the year 2000 over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind that we have now.

Another fact is that under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. Just think of it this way state legislatures are trechnically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people. For example perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would then be thrown to the House of Respresentatives, where state delegations vote on the president and the senate would choose the vice president. so basically if there were to be a tie in the electoral vote you wouldn't even have a vote in who you're voting for.

Because each state casts only one vote, the single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters. Given that many voters vote one party for president and another for congress, the House's selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people. The election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe. At the basic level the electoral college is unfair to voters.

Because of the winner take-all system in each state, the candidates dont spend time in states they know dont have achance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. during the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all. If anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidnecy in the hands of a few swing voters in ohio, they have yet to make it.    