Getting more than one opinion for advice is very benificial, so why wouldn't you? Advice is a great key to many things, so you want to get good advice. if getting that means asking many people, than so be it. Advice will help you all throughout life, through problems, good or bad. And don't foget that someones advice isn't ever the best way to go. You want to get more than one person's opinion so you know which ways seem to work.

There are some great reasons for getting more than one person's opinion. First off, you want to make sure the advice someone tells you is common. Most of the time if advice isn't common, it usually means people don't like that way, or there's a better way. Another reason for getting more opinions is you should always ask how different ideas worked out for people. You might have heard someone did good with an idea, but someone else could've done better with something else. Lastly, you should ask different people because you might find ways that interest you. Sometimes people like ideas that don't interest you, so you have to find a way you like that's a strong enough idea.

There are many examples of getting more than one opinion when getting advice. A very important situation, is figuring out what type of college you want to go to. Some people might say, go to a community college for a couple of years or this college is really a great one. Another example is figuring out a sport you want to play. Obviously you should pick a sport that interests you, but you can always ask people what sports they've enjoyed. For a final example, helping the environment. Some people might suggest the best ways, the easiest wyas, so on and so forth.

In conclusion, there are many benifits to getting more than one opinion when getting advice. Sometimes you might go with a strong piece of advice that you personally like, or you might go with the best piece of advice you think you've heard. The only possible way of doing this is getting more than one opinion. It can help in everyday life. Getting more than one opinion is a choice, what will you choose?