Throughout the years we have been seeing many improvements to our technology from making computors to making global tracking devices that can show us where we are. Also in those years of improvement in techonology, the advancement to make cars driverless have been set to mind by manufacturers and other people who have the idea of having driverless cars. In my mind this is undoubtely in our future, for our technology never ceases to stop improving day by day.

There are a substantial of others that think this too. This idea hasn't come out just now, but has been around for sometime now, one who shares this is Google cofounder Sergey Brin with his envisions of driverless cars taking total control of any situation thrown at the car while on the road. They've actually been making cars that could drive independently under "specific conditions" since 2009 that have already traveled more than a million miles without crashes. These cars have special tech that allows them to sense their surroundings in a 3-D area around the car which transcripts to the cars central processor and take heed of the necessary actions. The LIDAR isn't the only piece of equipment on these driverless cars, they also include radar sensors, GPS reciever, and inertial motion sensors; making them compatible in most practical ways when driving on the road. The technology of driverless cars hasn't reached full potential yet and these cars still at times require people to react and be alert to unexpected conditions like accidents that happened on the road. Improvements to technology have been finding ways around this block though and it isn't stopping there either. Creating Antilock brakes, Traffic jam assistants, and even camera's that watch the driver to know if he's aware and if not, alert them to be aware.

Technology has come a long way from what it was in the beginning of the 2000's. Now our tech is even a part of our daily lives in just about many of the things we do. People denying driverless cars are really just denying advancment in our technology. But technology always improves, and so will driverless cars, for they are a part of that advancement.