I cant imagine a life or a point in time where in the future people could be driving driverless cars. Can you? I thinks its okay if some people who need help driving uses them or might own one, but for everyone? Not exactly how I see the world becoming better for everyone because of that. The world evolves in many ways with transportation already now in numerous ways. The bike lanes are everywhere, people run, walk, or jog places, theres Uber thats now pretty big. But why a driverless car? So now people can become so lazy they barley have to drive? From the age where your remembering to be in a car you cant wait to be the next person to be able to drive thats somehing I & many others agree shouldnt be taken away.

A driverless car seems very possible within the next few years but I dont see any reasoning behind the fact that we dont need it. Maybe for older folks who have trouble or someone having so much money for one they just get one for the fact that they want to say that they have it. Also technicaly it's not even a "driverless" car. You still have to be awake, aware, & control it through tough spots like a car crash, & road work.

If your in a age where your getting a permit or you already have one dont you think when you was younger, before all that, that you couldnt wait to get your car & licaens. You would think of driving somewhere with someone if you prefer that out to eat or to a store littlle things that make you feel like you accomplished something. You'd miss it right? So why have a company tell you dont have that excitment for being a legal driver & showing you can do things, & share thier dream of just being able to sit in the car for however long with who ever your with just to sit there?

Evolution is a big thing to be apart of in this generation but its really simple to do if you have that idea. If its big enough to turn people's heads to whatever your idea may be then you have this platform of doing so. Changing the way people now get around is a big industry. There's always compatition & there is always going to be better. Wouldnt you rather have to drive to all the places you go yourself or would you just sit in the car doing nothing waiting for your turn to drive? I would love to be able to drive now & I will be able to soon. Nothing is better than the feeling of doing it yourslef.

So dont waste thousands of dollars of your hard earn money on something you can just do yourself. There's no reason in investing in that. They're simplilar solutions to this problem than you think. So think back now can you imagine just being lazy sitting in your car waiting for your turn. I know i cant & I know I definetly wont be. 