Having a driverless car may be the gretest or the worst thing someone could have. I am not against on driverless cars because they can be safe, prevent texting and driving accidents, and they alert you when you need to take control of the car. Not only because they drive themselves mean that they are amazing, it can just help to prevent accidents more often.

Driverless cars may be safer than an actual person driving. A mother may have to give the bottle to the baby because it won't stop crying and the car can take care of driving while the mother feeds the baby. Maybe they are listening to music and are more into the music than into the driving. A driverless car can take care of pressing the brake at the right time to stop before something happens. Also that person may not be in good conditions to drive the car and need to get to a doctor or something. That would be if there isn't something else out there that will have to make you take control of the car.

These driverless cars alert you when you need to take the wheel and control it yourself. It is a good thing becuase they probably know that they can't drive through what is happening. Like said in the passage, their can be a traffic jam or there can be an accident and that would be a reason why the car will alert you. It would be a bad thing that the car wouldn't tell you when to take over because it would just stop working all of the sudden and that would't be good. But what would be good is to prevent you from having a accident while texting.

Many teens and even adults now text while driving. They feel like if they don't respond at that instant moment the world is going to end or something. A driverless car can prevent that becuase it can be driving itself and you could answer a call or a text and then get back to driving. The car can prevent you from having an accident from not paying attention to the road. Also maybe you can't find your phone and it keeps on rinigng and it distracts you so the car can take care of the driving while you search for the phone.

In conclusion having a driverless car can be a great thing because you can respond an emergency text without having a fear of dying, it can be safe for you and passengers, and it alerts you when you need to take control. It can be a good thing for the future because more and more technology comes out each year and we are always amazed by everything we see.  