Limiting car usage is not an everyday thing everybody sees, basically almost everybody in the world owns and drive a car ,or any type of a motorized vehicle. There is no need to freak out of limiting the usage of cars other countries do it and its working quite well for the people of Vauban, Germany, In Vauban vehicles, street parking, and home garages are forbidden on the district, car ownership is allowed though but there are only allowed to park at the large garages at the edge of development where the car owner buys a space for $40,00. 70% of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57% sold a car to mover there, most people of the community are more happier and less tensed since moving to Vauban. In the romantic city of Paris, France air has become filled with smog so the city of Paris bans driving if there was any violaters they'll be fined for 22 euros, but it had a good outcome; congestion ,or car traffic, was down by 60% in the capital of France and the city's smog has been cleared enough that the French party rescind the ban. In Bogota,Columbia there is the annual car-free day that basically bans the usage of car in the streets of Bogota, the goal is the same as Paris: reduce smog. Many other cities of columbia participates in the car-free day and it's a great success for seeing the people of Columbia making a revolutionary change. In the good ol'USA Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fwer licenses as each year goes by, which is leaving researchers a question: is America passing it's peak driving? Rates of car ownership is starting to come down if the pattern keeps going  it'll have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, which its a sudden incipient shist in American behavior. Limiting car usage aint that bad its a good opportunity to take away stress from driving and lowering air pollution. Who knows, probably next week there might be a car-free, or car-ban day and hopefully people will see the much appreciated benefits from it.         