Technology is improving more and more as time goes by, each year that goes by the technology we use gets smarter and smarter. Soon we may be in a world where everything consist of technology and requires technology. The future will be nothing like now or the past and the future generations will be born in futuristic society.

This text talks about driverless cars becoming a thing that'll soon change the ways of drving and how driving is. If there starts being cars that can drive without someone driving, maybe that'll prevent less car accidents and cassualties. Perhaps if there is cars that can drive by themselves when a person goes on a roadtrip they wouldn't have to worry about stopping to sleep and it would make getting from point A to point B a lot faster. Driverless cars seems like a brilliant ideal but there could many flaws about it.

I am for driverless cars because I believe that'll beneifit a alot of people. People who have disablities or are disabled from the waist down could actually be able to drive. Driverless cars could also help teens with driving and prevent teen car crashes from happening. Less drunk driving accidents would happen if there were driverless cars because if the cars drove by themselves that means a drunk person wouldn't be in control and there would be less deaths. driverless cars has its benifits but it also has its flaws.

The flaws of having driverless cars are that if something bad happened as said in the text who would be in the wrong for the accident, the driver or the manufactuerer? If something bad was to happen with the car, would the person be able to sue the manufacturer or would it be all on the person in the vehicle? If the weather got bad and the driverless cars wasn't progammed to be ready for the situation that could havoc. The manufacturer of the car would have to ensure that the car is smart enough and capable enough of driving through harsh weather conditions. Also how many people would actually have the money for a driverless car, assuming that it'll be expenisve.

In conclusion I do believe if maufacturers put in a lot of work and effort into driverless cars it'll be a success without a doubt. Driverless cars is a brilliant ideal and would actually benefit people. Driverless cars would be one of the first steps into a technology based world and society. The future will be here before we know it. 