Imagine you are a high school junior anxiously awaiting your college applications. One night you get home to find three college application letters. You are accepted into all of them, your dream school, an Ivy League and your local in state university. Before making this huge decision do you only talk to your parents, your friends, your teachers, alumni, or all of the above? Believe it or not it would be healthiest to ask multiple opinions before making your final decision. When people ask for advice they often talk to more than one person. A study found that talking to more than one person before making a important decision can help create the best one. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, because it highlights diverse perspectives, provides verification of other advice and can sometimes even stop a dangerous choice.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by highlighting diverse opinions. Considering that I am only in eighth grade, I haven't yet been in charge of very large choices, however when I was entering seventh grade I had to choose whether I wanted to take seventh grade math or seventh grade math honors. At first, the choice overwhelmed me, I was worried that I would make the wrong choice. Then I started to get multiple opinions on the subject. My parents told me I could handle taking honors, my older friends told me the class had been easy, my teachers told me it would be difficult to skip a year of math. Ultimately the choice was mine, however without their different perspectives I wouldn't have been able to the best option for myself. Other people and other perspectives are a huge part of our world and our decisions affect their lives too, so our decisions should include their perspectives too.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by providing verification of other advice. About a month ago, me and my parents talked about applying to a Generic_School summer camp called Generic_School. The camp was expensive but it meant that I didn't have to take a gym class freshman year. My parents said that if it meant that I could take another elective and it would make me happy they would love me to do it. I'll admit I was a bit skeptical, until my close friend told me almost the same thing. Having multiple of the same opinions can verify other ones and make you feel stronger about a decision. A study found that people normally feel stronger about their opinions if they have been told by society that it is a popular one.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by stopping sometimes dangerous choices. Suicide prevention has found that before most people commit suicide they will exhibit signs, often by talking about suicide to loved ones. In most cases the suicide victim talks to multiple people. A recent study found that in cases where a person talks to multiple people, they have a greater chance of survival, considering someone might notice these signs. Like this, before making a dangerous choice, if you ask for multiple opinions there is a much more likely chance that you will get the help you need and create a better choice.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, because it highlights diverse perspectives, provides verification of other advice and can sometimes even stop a dangerous choice. This means that when you have a big decision, getting multiple opinions is beneficial to ultimately making the correct decision. 