If your school gave you the opportunity to take your classes from home, would you take it? Some schools offer distance learning as a way for students to attend their classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Here are some reasons as to how and why distance learning could benefit many students.

As important as it is to physically be in your classes at school, things do come up that could cause a student to miss several days of school or not be able to attend school at all. Issues like medical needs, and other personal problems in a student's life could cause them to either miss school or not feel comfortable going to school. Along with medical and personal or family conflicts, many students experience bullying, anxiety, depression, etc. These issues could affect a student's attendance and performance in school. Distance learning could solve many of these problems.

Distance learning can provide the ability for a student to interact one on one with their teacher, whereas in a full class, because of the ratio of teacher to students, the student may not get the opportunity to ask the necessary questions to allow him or her to fully understand the material. Switching to online schooling would allow the teacher to further understand the way that the student learns the material, what the student does and does not understand, and how they could teach it better for the student's understanding.

Distance learning would also be a more comfortable overall experience for the student, allowing him or her to schedule classes to their convenience, time and availability wise. Because of this, attendance would not be an issue. Public schools also do not provide much time in between classes for students to sit down and go over their work or finish homework. Attending classes from home would give students time to do their homework or go over notes to make sure they understand the material that is being taught.

With all of the reasons stated above, whether it is for a personal reason, or if it is by preference, I do think distance learning would be beneficial to many students and that it should be offered in most schools. It is important that every child gets their education, and an equal opportunity to receive one.