Have you ever been in a situation where you needed to make a decision that will affect you for the rest of your life? Who did you go to for advice? Making decisions can prove to be very difficult sometimes. Everybody has been in at least one situation where they have to make a very important decision. Many seek advice from multiple other people in order to make the best decision possible. That is the best way to get advice. If someone has gone to multiple people for advice, then the decision they were trying to make was most likely a smart one. Going to multiple people for advice can really help somebody make a logical decision that will benefit them in the future. Seeking advice from more than one person helps people make good decisions because of the information learned from their experiences, their different perspectives on certain issues or ideas, and because it has been proven to help people make smart decisions.

Firstly, seeking advice from multiple people leads to great decisions because each person that gives advice will give advice based on their own personal experiences. Assuming that they are of appropriate age, each person that gives advice will have had various work experiences and can offer advice based on those experiences. For example, when in the process of making a decision about whether or not to accept an offer to a job, those pieces of advice from those people can positively impact the decision. Additionally, the people that give advice have usually met a lot of other people and have experience with dealing with them. This is extremely important because advice can be given based on who to avoid and who to talk to. Also, the people who are giving the advice can give details about what has gone wrong at various points in their life. Multiple pieces of information about accidents happening can help keep anyone safe from those vary same situations. The first reason why getting advice from multiple other people can lead to beneficial decisions is because the advice is based on multiple experiences from those people's lives.

Furthermore, getting advice from multiple others helps lead to very smart decisions because they can offer wise advice based on their different perspectives. Everyone has been or is being raised differently and has slightly different views on certain issues and topics. When seeking advice from others, it is extremely helpful to be able to learn about the various perspectives of the people giving advice that were built during childhood. Also, other people may have influenced how the people giving advice view things. This means that the advice that is being given is not merely based on the people who are giving advice, but more people who you may not be able to talk to. The people giving advice may also have had teachers, mentors, or professors who have taught them how to view things differently. For example, someone who is seeking advice about which college they should attend might seek advice from people who have been through the process before, because they can offer views on college admission that others may not. The second reason why getting advice from multiple people leads to great decisions and success is because the person seeking advice can be offered a plethora of different perspectives.

Lastly, I have witnessed what incredible benefits seeking advice from multiple others has on someone. About one year ago, my brother, Generic_name was just beginning the college application process. He figured out which schools he was going to apply to and he applied to them. He got into five schools, but was torn between his top three schools. Generic_name went to our parents, his old teachers, school counselors, and even coaches for advice. He took notes every time he met with someone and kept it all in a notebook. After about four months, he ended up with a notebook full of advice, stories, opinions, and conversations from all those people that he talked to about college. After reading the notebook, he had pretty much already narrowed it down to one college. Generic_name could not have come to a smart, swift decision if it were not for the many people who gave him their advice. The advice he collected was so incredibly helpful because it was based on the very experiences and perspectives of the people who gave it to him. Had he only been offered advice from one person, he would have made a biased decision that may not have been right for him. Now my brother is attending a great school and is as happy as can be. This just goes to show that going to multiple people for advice is tremendously helpful and has a massive positive impact on the person or people trying to make a decision.

Seeking advice from multiple others is one of the best ways to gather extremely helpful insight that will help you make a smart, well thought out decision that will bring great benefits in the future. Firstly, it lets you learn about real experiences that have happened in other people's lives. Next, it helps you see the issue or topic from other interesting, wise perspectives. Lastly, I and many others have witnessed the amazing benefits that it has on people. If you are ever faced with a tough decision, go to multiple people for advice. I am sure that the advice they will give you will be helpful, as it will most likely be based off of experiences and different perspectives. If someone ever comes to you for advice, give them advice that will truly help them and lead them to make a great decision. They will remember and appreciate you for how much you helped them.