Cars have been around for years and years.

They have become more advanced than ever before.

Thinking about driverless cars seems so futuristic and unreal, but that's not always a bad thing.

There are so many things that contribute to driverless cars whether it be effective or harmful.

These new cars have many pros to them but also many cons that put me right in the middle of the arguement.

First of all, I never thought that I would be alive in the time that invents the driverless cars.

That is one positive thing that contributes to my thought of developing these cars.

Just think of how futuristic this is! Science and technology has advanced tremendously in the past few years and will continue to forever.

We know from the article, that the driverless cars would use half the amount of fuel than regular cars, which is so helpful to our world today.

Also, they have gone more than half a million miles on their own without a single crash.

That seems pretty effective to me.

They way that technology is succeding in these last few years shows how safe scientists are trying to make our planet.

On the other hand, not everything about driverless cars are perfect.

Though this article told us that the cars can go more than half a million miles without a crash, what happens in extreme conditions?

A car by itself does not have a sense of right and wrong.

As humans, we know what things are right and what things are wrong when driving.

I do not doubt that the driverless car have something built inside of it that creates that sense, but nothing can compare to a real life reaction.

Also, the car would not have a natural reflex like humans.

The way that humans react to certain situations is natural and fast.

The driverless car would not have that ability.

Who's fault would it be in a crash? I have a feeling that this arguement would create alot more contreversy than needed.

The driverless car or the driver? Most people would blame the car and the buisness because why take the blame when you could easily turn it to something else? This horrile thinking would not create a more peaceful world.

Another point is that humans will become way to dependant.

Our world is getting very lazy and this wouldn't help.

Being too dependant on these driverless cars will make everyone not want to ever do anything for themselves anymore.

In conclusion, the driverless cars can be a very big advantage in our worlds technology and enginerring but is it too much?

It is great to see the scientists make new inventions and try to save money, fuel, and time.

But what I am most concerned about is laziness.

I want to see our world beocme more independant and active.

Instead, we are becoming too dependant on the world doing things for us and not having any motivation.

Seeing driverless cars out on the road would scare me a little bit.

Not seeing htem would make me feel more independant.                