To start, not every student has the opportunity to be able to attend a school, or possibly be in such public spaces. These students could have the potential to excel in a class, but get the urge to not participate in such social settings. Distance learning is a good alternative for such students. Distance learning could give students the opportunity to attend certain classes from home, participate without feeling the need to not do so, and certain classmates no longer working off of you.

There are many reasons behind a student not being able to attend a class. One, could be that of being home bound for a long period of time due to a sickness or sudden emergency. Another, could be from distractions in the classroom; either from their environment or classmates. There are such students who want to pass their classes, but due to their reasons they do not get the opportunity to do attend classes and possibly catch up and make up on what they missed for that long period of time. There are also such students who could miss a semester or possibly the entire school year, either way, those students should be given the opportunity to take their required classes at home and still get the opportunity to pass and graduate on time.

Second, Certain students simply cannot function well in public spaces. Most of the time, students for some reason can not function socially, either from anxiety or nervousness in such public settings. Learning from home would benefit these students with them being able to pass their classes and participate by taking the required class online. Personally myself, I do not enjoy participating in class. Not because I do not want to, but because I am embarrassed or shy of doing so. In the times that we are in, people always have something to say, either good or bad, and being someone who does not like to be put out in the open, it gets awkward. Of course these students want to participate in these classes, but there are some classmates that make it difficult for them. Being able to learn from home can help these students because, they will be able to pass these classes; not only with their participation online, but by letting themselves be themselves to be to pass the class.

Lastly, a benefit from distance learning would be certain classmates no longer working off of you. What could that mean? Well, there are some students who just go to class for the attendance and grade, but not to participate. Going back to the previous point made, nowadays there are certain students who always have something to say. Those students tend to think that they are possibly better than certain others. When those students have that "power," they use it against those students who actually do their work and pass the classes with the hard work and effort they put in. Distance learning would prevent this from happening to students who are tired of being used, and finally be able to work for themselves and not others. With distance learning, these students would most likely end up working for themselves, and only for themselves, which in the end would feel rewarding and they would get to show off their true work without someones else taking credit off of it.

In conclusion, all these students have one thing in common, all they want to do is pass their classes, and graduate for them to move onto what is next in their life. School has come to be accessible to many, but at the same time, it has become difficult to complete. Distance learning could give students the opportunity to attend certain classes from home, participate without feeling the need to not do so, and certain classmates no longer working off of you.