Phones and Driving

Everyday people die in car accidents because they use cell phones while driving.

According to research cell phones are leading factors that cause accidents. Studies show that a cell phone puts drivers at a four time greater risk of a crash. Despite the danger, people still use cell phones because they want to always be available and keep in touch with other people. Also, they think that a hand-free set is safe because they can drive using two hands. However, they use arguments that cell phones are necessary in emergency situations. Although some people support using cell phones while driving, there is evidence that they are dangerous and people should avoid talking while driving.

Opponents whose work depends on a cell phone like lawyers or businessmen say that they always have to be available to answer the phone to keep their business running. However, because of their habits, they can create dangerous and hazardous situations like a collision or an accident. Business issues can be stressful and dangerous while driving because it can cause emotional reactions that can lead to a tragedy. Because of the conversation they might get upset and this can lower their driving ability that can lead to losing control over the car. "Even though we as humans recognize that talking or texting on a cell phone or using social media apps while driving is unsafe, they often engage in these behaviors anyway"(Foss and Teft). So if people don't make a decision to put away their cell phones their routine can harm innocent people.

Opponents also say that a hands-free set is safe because people can drive using two hands. However, hands-free devices don't eliminate the risk of causing an accident and even may it worsen by suggesting that the behavior is safe. Research shows that using a headset can be as dangerous as holding a phone because the conversations distracts drivers from focusing on the road. "In 2017, distracted driving was reported in crashes that killed 3,166 people (8.6 percent of all facilities), although many instances may go unreported" (Foss and Teft). It's also proven that people talking over the phone image of the person who they are talking to and that doesn't interfere with driving. The problem is when a car swerves unexpectedly or pedestrians step into traffic, and the mind lacks the processing power to react in time. So the problem isn't in holding the wheel and cell phone at the same time which may cause an accident because of lack of manoeuvre, it is because of conversation and lack of reaction at the particular time.

Opponents say that cell phones are good because they give an opportunity to make a call in case of emergency. However, it is an illusion of safety because when people need it the most either they can't find it or reach it because they are stuck in a car. "Texting while driving is the most dangerous activity on the road, even more dangerous than drinking and driving" ("Injured in a Car Accident by Someone Using a Cell Phone"). People shouldn't fully depend on cell phones because they are not reliable."You cannot drive safely unless the task of driving has your full attention. Any non-driving activity you engage in is a potential distraction and increases your risk of crashing"(Andrew Currin). Therefore, nowadays cell phones are unnecessary devices because they are unreliable in emergency situations .

Concluding, if people don't give up cell-phones the number of fatalities on the roads will still increase. It is people's responsibility to not incur their own and other people's lives.

Works Cited

Andrew. currin. ctr@dot. gov. "U Drive. U Text. U Pay." NHTSA, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 31 Jan. 2020, www. nhtsa. gov/risky-driving/distracted-driving.

Foss, Robert D., and Brian Tefft. "Prevalence and Timing of Driver Licensing Among Young Adults, United States, 2019." AAA Foundation, AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety, 17 Oct. 2019,

aaafoundation. org/prevalence-and-timing-of-driver-licensing-among-young-adults-united

-states-2019/.

"Injured in a Car Accident by Someone Using a Cell Phone." Edgarsnyder. com, Edgar Snyder and Associates, www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/.         