There are many different things that you could do to help out the ecosystem, and reducing your car use is certainly one of them. A study conducted in Europe shows that 12% of greenhouse gas emissions are the result of passanger car over-use. But of course as humans we are bound to resist and not give up things that make our lives easier. Yet there are many alternatives to not driving a car, for example car pool, have family members pick you up, buses, trains, taxis, bikes, etc. As you can see is not a matter of lack of alternatives but a lack of interest in helping out nature and everything that it helps support.

A very important way in which car usage affects our lives is pollution, many places around the world are trying to impose taxes and fines in order to keep people from over-relying on their cars. "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city", things like this are quite obviously why the ecosystem is not at it's worst yet. One of the most polluted cities in the world Beijing competition for Paris until law enforcers stepped in to resolve the issue. Another city fighting pollution caused by car use is Bogota, who has once again banned it's over 7.2 million population from using their cars on the "Day Without Cars" event. The Day Without Cars is an event that if not followed could be penalize citizens most likely monetary fines of around $25 dollars, although some were even arrested for not complying with this method. Described by Andrew Selsky as a "program set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work during this car free day". Not only is this helping out the rest of the world is bringing people closer as more people go to parks, sport centers and spend time together.

With more bans and restrictions on car usage of course the car usage is destined to decrease but although it might sound terrible it could actually lead to healthier lives. With less cars on the road the air you are breathing will be more pure and healthy and less polluted. More people will have to walk which will decrease heart problems, obesity and other diseases all over the world. If people don't buy cars then companies like Ford, Toyota, Honda and more will make less money and some might run out of business but that will not happen since most people are not ready to make a commitment such as giving up your car. But if cars are not being purchased then they will stop being produced which can lead to a better economy since the government won't be spending billions on gas, diesel and such. Apparently the amount of miles driven by a person yearly has decreased over the last couple of years which has led sociologists to believe that if this pattern persists it will have many beneficial implications for the environment, even though it could have negative implications for car industries as i stated before.

Car usage will decrease since people are driving less and less every year and young people are buying less cars according to a study in 2013 that found that "driving by young people decreased 23% between 2001 and 2009". Even though many experts can't be sure yet, the drop in sales and decrease in usage has led many to believe that the U.S. has already peaked in miles driven and possibly car sales. There is no accurate way of predicting whether this will bring completely positive or completely negative consequences. President Obama's ambitious goals to change the greenhouse gas emissions has proven to shift or change the way people act as recent studies show that "Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by".                                            