Many schools are now offering distance schooling as an option for those who prefer online school. However, this issue has met a lot of critism and has made people take side on the issue. With many thinking it will harm the current eduaction system and people's lack of ability to commutate with others in the outside world. While others are for it stating it to be beneiful to those who suffer from mental health or other related issues. I believe that distance schooling can be a postivie thing for many students who decide to attend classes from home.

First, many students espeically in generation z who are more outspoken about their mental health; benefit from it. Because many can have anixety disoders, depression, social anixety, etc. Many students have or had suffered bullying while attending a public school. Most of the time this leads to young students delevoping social anixety when making friends, presenting presation that are forced upon them for a grade and daily interactions with other people. Bullying is an esstential cause of this probelm as many of the kids that bully pick on the targets that are vunerable and who look different (Race, religion, sexual orention).

If distance schooling is an option that many students can afford it will atomically elimate these causes for bullying. This solution that distance schooling offers will not only prevent bullying and help boost many students' self of steem; it will also help those who need more one on one attention to understand the lessons better. Because in a class room with 20+ students the teacher is limited to the amount of people he or she can help in a spam of a one hour class block. Distance schooling could possibly help those who struggle in subjects they are weaker to help them succed. Which could lead to a higher passing rate among students and in eduaction in general.

In addition, with the prevention of bullying and the possibilty of helping those understand the concepts better; there is also a higher chance of stress reduction among students. Most schools require students to take 7-8 classes a day. Espeically in high school, this comes with a huge amount of workload done in the spam of an 1 hour and a half class block and endlesses packs of homework due the next day. In public schooling lots of students claim to be under lots of pressure with the amount of assignments due on thier schedules; leading them to suffer from the apporiate sleeping schedule, time to spend with family, and depression. This even makes things harder on students that have to work part-time to provide for thier families. Nevertheless, with every known online schooling you aren't required to take so many classes a day, the time you spend on school work is miniumized by almost half and most students are able to get a healthy 8-10 hours of sleep compared to those who go to public schooling. Distance schooling can have a postive impact on these students espeically those who work. Many comapnies that hire teens at 16-17 are obilatgated to work around the schedule with thier employed minors. This allows them to have some time to rest and it takes off a temonous amount of pressure in thier personal lives. It allows these teens to have more engery to work more hours or do other activites in the community. Which will be a more postivie impact on the mental health of growing teens.

However, most aruge that distance schooling can be harmful to many. Due to the many reasons of lacking the ability to socialize with others, not learning about responbilities at a young age, and missing out on the high school experience. Many aruge this because especially teenagers need social interaction with others. Many claim that with distance schooling, students will become accostumed to 'interacting' with others via techonlogy and will not be able to have face to face interactions. This also brings concerns of isolation and deeper depression as a result of onlining school. Which could become a probelm considering that once these students become adults, It is neccasary for them to have a job in order to surivie. Most jobs require some kind of social interaction such as public speaking and leadership skills. Also, many teens will miss out on the high school experience of school dances, football games, being in clubs, sports and other activites only experienced in high school. They will also not learn how to balance thier daily life responbilities as an adult with the school sytem making students have 7-8 differnet classes a day. Despite the amount of pressure that is forced among most high school students; some teens have claimed to enjoy going to school to interact with others. In most cases, public schooling helps them escape issues in thier personal lives espeically sisuations at home.

In conclusion, many have different views among this topic. Some strongly disargee with the arugement of missing out on social interaction and the high school experience. But distance schooling will not affect those missing out on the high school experiences or will lack thier social interaction skills. Many of these students can still get part-time jobs and interact with people on a daily basis, parpicate in the community and have lots of time to interact with thier family and friends. especially with social media revolving our world. It is much easier for teens to stay connected to others. I think that distance schooling can have a huge postivie impact on many students espeically for those who work or have mental health issues.

It can help students improve on thier ademic skills, sleeping schedule, reduce thier daily stress and prevent a lot of bullying. Distance schooling has the potenial to become the future of eduaction.      