Do you think students would benefit from being able to take classes from home?

I believe that if students had to make the decision to take classes online or come to school, they would most likely pick school but personally i'd be the one taking the online classes. Besides some of the teens nowadays would recommend online, but then again the middle school and below would rather be at school because they are younger and into school while teens prefer to be at work or hanging out with an friend. Therefore that opportunity would have defiantly been token advantage of well by the teens. Because the younger kids arent really to worried about being home or hanging out because all of there friends and fun are at school not at home.

In my opinion, high school should be online classes only; Because at this point if you look at the results on how many children actually come to school when theyre in high school vs when theyre in middle school/elementary it would be a big difference in attendance records. everyone would literally be passing because its online an you dont have to come to school you can literally lay in your bed and do your work. Besides your gonna have a lot of time on your hands because your not in a school you dont have to switch classes, eat lunch, go to the locker, class changes none of that so you have a lot of time to complete all of your work.

So therefore if my school offered online classes, that would be greatly token advantage of by me and most of the students that go here. The teachers wouldnt even have worry about the work not getting done. Because you have so much time on your hands to get the work done you cant even complain or fail and if you do your just not trying at all and must not care if you graduate or not, And thats not good you should want to graduate no matter what it takes. Online classes are very recommended by most students so if you believe online classes should be offered to your school speak up maybe my essay could help you out.!                   