As a scientist of NASA, I can say that "The Face" is in fact a landform. We made this conclusion when we first snapped a picture 10x faster of the face, we also took a second look and picture, and it has simalarites like a natural landform from the Snake River Plain of Idaho on Earth. But, there are people that think our conclusion to this is a conspiracy theory.

In 1998 on April 5, for the first time, Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia. A picture was captured 10x better than the orginal viking photos. they were later posted on a website for the public to see but for the people who thought it was a sign of life on Mars, they were wrong. Scientist's said it was just a natural landform.

For the second time, the scientist could yet again reach Cydonia once again to turn their conspiracy theory to fact. Others back on Earth said it was too windy and it made the clouds affect the picture. This time researchers used a maximum resolution camera to prove the theorists wrong. Yet again Garvin said, " If there were objects in this picture...you could see what they were."

Scientist said that the "face" was equivalent to a butte or mesa. They made this staement because there is something similar to it on Earth in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. These are found around the American West. Garvin said, " That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the "Face on Mars."

On the other side of things, there were many conspiracy theorists that questioned NASA's claim. Everyone wasn't satisfied with the pictures that were first taken people said it was during a cloudy season, that's why there was another trip with more advanced equipment. They also stated that the camera on board had to go through the clouds and dust to see the face so the picture couldn't been shown clearly. Another claim they made is that since there were wispy clouds the alien markings could be hidden in the haze and scientists just didn't look hard enough.

In conclusion we have the facts that we need to prove that " The Face" is just a natural landform. We have provided the public with two pictures. Plus we also made observations that it looked like a landform from here on Earth. As NASA, we would like to see the conspiracy theorists prove us wrong then they could state the facts for once.                   