Do you think the FACS (Facial Action Coding System) should be used in any technology today? I think that the Facial Action Coding System isn't a value because all technology is NOT 100% correct. There ould be a time when the computer glitches and mess up. Its not just a computer that glitches, its all electronics. Such as phones,tablets,video games and any other electronics you can think of. The FACS has no use because you can tell when a person is sad or mad or even angry.

Even if a person dont show facial expressions on how they feel they will feel that way deep inside. For example, students could be happy coming to school talking to their friends,just be in happy mood but when they get home they are depress and they start to act different. As days go on this student is changing as a person and people start to notice when you change. Everbody has different facial expressions each day if a person is not feeling that day they will show it. You can't use a computer just to show how people feel. The computer can tell people that your happy just because you smile all day but really your mad,sad,and depressesd but no one will ever know because of the way that the technology is set up. i still feel like the FACS shouldnt have never been created.

i still feel that way because,like the text stated "you can probably tell how a friend is looking simply by the look on their face." you can also tell when you hang around a certain person everyday and they start to change and their facial expression start to change, their body language will also start to change. Just because you smile alot dont mean your happy .When you smile you muscles in your smile starts to change but that don't mean your happy your still sad. if your were to get tested on the machine they would considered you happy just because you smile alot but really you just depressed .

i know all of this imformation because when im at school i get serious and focus on my school work. During lunch i laugh and play with my friends and giggle all the time but when im at home its a different story. By me being the middle child i get treated differently so i always look angry when im at home . 95% of the time i try to keep a smile on my face but the other 5% i try to stay away from, because i dont want to be angry all the time i wanna be happy and make other people happy too. if i was to get tested the computer would say 100% happy.

No one should use the FACS if they know how they feel. Everybody know what wrong with them and what their issue is. You shouldn't need a machine to tell you something you already know. I know im not the only one that feel this way but everybody has their own opinion. This concludes on why i feel like the FACS should of NEVER been created.