Using Phones While Driving

Using phones while driving has been a argument for what seems like forever. In my opinion using phones while driving will always lead to some type of horrific life changing , accident. Not many people consider all of the awful stories real people have went through involving a driver using their cellular on the road. Using your phone on the road should be taken as seriously as drinking and driving or being under the influence of any drug. Being on your phone can cause families to lose a loved one , a person to be completely disabled for life, and it puts yourself in danger along with others on the road.

In several different states all over the U.S they put laws that prohibit using your phone while driving. Alabama enforces the drivers age 16 and 17 who have held intermediate licence for less than 6 months cannot have a cell phone on them at all while driving. California bans all school and transit bus drivers and younger than 18 from being on their cellular while on the road.

Colorado however only punishes drivers younger than 18 who are caught on there phones while driving. Many of these states have different regulations to the safety on the road. But majority 47 states ban texting and driving for all drivers.

For those who figure texting and driving isn't "that" serious or consider themselves master multi taskers , no one knows when something can change forever over the slightest glance. There's been story after story about people losing family members, best friends, partners over that slight glance to their cell phone. People are so naive till it happens to them , but why , we should be preventing that from happening at all costs. No one wants to go through all that pain and guilt. Not only could you disable yourself you can also kill and disable another and have to live with the guilt for the rest of your life.

Using your GPS would be the only acception to using your cell while driving ,but even then you don't need to look or have it in your hand. There has been devices made for your car for those specific moments. Today's cars will read your text out loud to you and give you your directions there's no reason to look at your phone. The technology we have today is changing and improving and everyday, decreasing the amount of tragedies a year.

In conclusion even though with the modern day technology improving and things are getting easier on the road. We all should still be in high alert on the road ,with no distractions. The smallest things could be so life changing and no one wants to be put in that kind of predicament.   