Is home a place to escape from all the learning and stress students acquire at school or is it becming the new classroom? Education online is becoming a popular and easier way for anyone to earn the general studies or degree required by the law. While some prefer distanced learning because of it's many convenient aspects, there are more negative impacts from attending class at home rather than learning in a place of education.

First of all, education at public or private schools can help with a student's social capabilities and mental health. Any student that goes to school will always have a full building with peers and companions to socialize with. Although these friends can sometimes be a distraction, it is better to have a social life rather than learning at home alone. When being surrounded by friends or classmates, it helps open students to knew ideas while improving their communication and collaboration skills. These skills will be fundamental tools for what the future holds of each student. Having friends in a stressful environment like school tends to help keep a pupil in a joyful mood which leads to better understanding of curriculums for each class. Also, when struggling during a moment of misunderstading, classmates and teachers are always willing to provide their bits of knowledge to help one better understand confusing curriculum. For example, when getting assigned a group project, classtime is for the most part given so groups can collaborate and plan to help create a stunning masterpiece. Distanced learning does not offer these kinds of beneficial components that puclic or private schools have.

Finally, distanced learning may be very convenient but also comes with a lot of distractions that are bound to do the worst for any academic student. Waking up at the break of dawn, stressing over which outift to wear, or not eating breakfast tend to mess with the mind of a student leading to negative thougths about school. But these problems all start with the student. Having expierences like these will cause distractions for when taking distanced learning classes. When at home, a student may take advantage of not having a class start time and will sleep in which becomes a bad habit and tends to make one lazier. Also, when at home, there is no teacher of professor that will set restrictions to keep a student from going off track or not completing work. Being surrounded by electronics, food, and even a bed can have tempting effects on a student learning from their bedroom. That is the perfect disaster for any student at home. All kids love to sleep, eat, and play games or even watch TV. Every public and private school will avoid obstacles that mess with a students learning. That is why distanced learning is not as benficial as attending school physically.

Although students may enjoy the fresh air of their house and prefer learning there, public and private schools can keep students focused and better the mental minds and health of these pupils. The rise of online education may be a factor in students becoming lazy and weak minded. The old pencil and paper method in a classroom is the most effective way in creating bright leaders for what our future brings.