Well in my favor I would have the Electoral College reason why is because it keeps all the votes for the presidential election and etc. And each or any electors in your state has his or her own group of electors. And the electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party , but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what is their responsibilities are. But the Electoral College it consists or has 538 electors but the majority is to have 270 s that you can vote for the president. By the way once you have voted for the president or senate or governer etc. The system will count how many popular votes or from a vote from Congress and the qualified citizens. But my reason for the electoral college to stay is that once you have voted you can count from the system or it does it for you but if you dont want the electoral college then it will take alot longer for the votes to be process and be accumilated.

Well so there's people or citizen that want the electoral college to keep going but some don't reason to that is in the story this is what it says, "The electoral college  is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostky assertins withoout much basis in reality". And its unfair cause it has the winner take all system in each state. And they sometimes have problems getting the votes from some states and they couldn't see the candidates at all including Rhode Island and South Carolina and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad. And the story says from someones opinion "And the arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality." And once a state has voten it  counts as 1 vote.

And some people and the people from the government or like congress,senators,representatives, and more hope that one day while they are voting that the score or number of votes is not a tie. But some citizens arn't into the technology of the electoral vote or how it works. But in that case I would like to not want the electoral collge to keep going mostly due to unfairness, outdated,irrational.

Since the electoral college is still working the method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state-- Democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California. Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote. But of course no voter's vote swings a national elction, and in spite of that, about one-half the eligible  American popluation did vote in 2012's election.                            