Our Founding Fathers created a new concept of a way to elect a President, called Electoral College. This concept was created so voting  would be fair to everyone, since it is a compromise between the election of a President by a vote in Congress and the popular vote of qualified citizens. Electoral College may cause some domestic disputes between citizens, but in turn it keeps our nation running smoothly. The Electoral College helps avoid run-off election(which can be detrimental to our Presidential Election), it requires the presidential canidate to be "everyone's president", and it has a certainy of outcome.

Additionally, having an Electoral College helps us avoid the problem of elections in which, neither canidate recieves a majority vote within the popular votes. For example, in 1992 Clinton had only a a 43 percent plurality of the popular vote, but won the majority of the Electoral College with 370 votes respectively. The presure of neither of the canidates winning a majority vote could greatly complicate the presidential election process.

Arguably there is a possiblility of a tie in an electoral vote, since it consists of 538 electors. But a tie is highly unlikely. Every state does not recieve the same amount of electors;electors are assigned given your states population including the District of Columbia. This means that states with a larger population have a larger say than a state with a small population in the Electoral College.

Even though the Electoral College is the most despised method of choosing our President it makes the presidential canidate have a trans-regional appeal. Meaning, the canidate cannot heavily campaign in a region where he knows he is the favorite of all the states in that region. For example, in 2012 Romney was the solid favorite of the Southern region. But he cannot gain electoral votes by increasing his popularity in this region. Since no region has enough votes to elect a president, he would need to increase his popularity in other regions in the U.S.

On the other hand, the Electoral College is outdated and voters do not actually vote for the presidential canidate, they vote for a group of electors. Those electors may betray the party of the canidate and cast their vote for whomever else is running for President. The system allows for much worse to happen. A state could send two slates of electors to Congress,and the Vice President could only validate only his opponet's electors.

In conclusion, keeping the Electoral College is a must. Without it our Presidential elections would be a diaster.    