Distance learning was popular, and had so many students and parents chose instead of attend in class. It is convenient and highly support for students in many different way. In the other side, it has a limited things become disadvantage for students who taking classes at home such as communication to solve the problems, competition each other and experiences inspiration from teachers. Those are the most important things school offer to students. It is made valuable that distance learning never could gives to students.

The first and the obvious things that students would not benefit from distance learning is communication. Communication is the the person gives and exchanges information to the others, either verbal or non-verbal. For example, some students have watched video, and they still misunderstand and how would they figure out what they have learn, different teachers is different way to teach. Instead of video conferencing, school offers to students time to see teacher, professor to discuss their problems and find out what they were struggling with. That is why communication so important that distance learning can not offer to students.

The second advantage to being in class instead at home is competition. Competition is person versus or competitive with another person or group, each of which is trying to do better than all of the others. The best example is the one student in class got an highest score test, the others will do whatever it takes to get higher that score was. School always creating the competitive for students to participate, and that way makes students get more interesting at work help them to prepare for examination. That is the reason why competition is necessarily and advantage that distance learning would not have to offer students at home.

The last thing students could not get from online classes or video conferencing is the experiences and inspiration from teachers, professors. The experiences is the knowledge or skill gather from the pass; the inspiration is person with confidence and desire to do something that makes the the other people follow. During the class, not just the lesson from the math or English or Science, students would receive a life lesson from their teacher. Teachers could share the experience from their pass and motivation student who has the same the path, then students would not struggle with the same mistake they did. That was the most valuation that students can not get anywhere except in class.

Eventually, classes give students a lot of thing that they would not benefit from being at home. Attend to class offer students communication to easier solve their problems, created competition place for students and experiences inspiration from the teachers for students have a better way to learn. Those things that online learning students would never received. class is not just a lesson, it is also the small society that students should have before the real life. That was the reason why attend classes better than onine learning at home. 