Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Cell phones are glorious pieces of technology, they are sometimes seen as an attention hog to kids and teenagers, but at other times a life-saving device. I believe that you should let kids have phones at school and use them only during lunch and free times. You should do this because it can help kids grades go up, it can help in emergencies, and it can entertain the kids themselves more.

First off, kids are always forgetting things. The most forgotten thing for kids is their homework. Because of this habit of lack of remembering, kids grades usually go down just because they forgot their homework. Well with cell phones their grades could go back up. If a kid ever forgot his/her homework at home, they could just call their parents or their brother or sister to come bring it to them at school. Cell phones would have saves the day again!

Second, emergencies tend to happen sometimes. They can be big emergencies like a fire, lockdown, etc. Or they can be small emergencies like forgetting your lunch at home. With cell phones, emergencies could be solved better! If a kid forgot their lunch they could call home and have someone get it for them. If a fire started in the school someone with a cell phone could call 911 and have immediate response. Without cell phones kids would be hungry and we would have to wait for a teacher to call the fire department to get it put out. That would be disastrous. Just another reason kids should have their cell phones.

Last, Kids always need to be entertained. Entertainment is a part of childhood and sometimes its not exactly found at lunch. If kids could use their cell phones at lunch they could have fun texting their friend who lives in another state, or calling their friend to see why he/she isn't at school today. See, this also provides entertainment!

Cell phones are today's revolution, and they can be bad at sometimes, but very good at others. that is why this school should have cell phones available to them so they can stop forgetting homework, get emergencies handled, and have something fun to do at lunch