Dear Florida Senator,

I feel as if we, as Florida citizens should be able to change election by popular votes rather than Electoral College. I understand that The Electoral College is a process that consists of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President and so forth; but you don't understand how it is affecting the citizens. We are the people that vote! I am against the Electoral College process because it overrides popular vote, voters aren't really voting for president, and the process is unfair to voters.

To begin, I am against the Electoral College process because it overrides popular vote. For example, in 2000 when Al Gore had more popular votes than Bush yet fewer electoral votes, he lost the presidency. The popular votes is what really counts because its the actual citizens voting not the electors. In contrast, The Electoral College is a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought  to be overruled by declaring the canidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. The Electoral College process is forgetting that the popular votes is what really matters.

Futhermore, I am against the Electoral College because voters aren't really voting for the president. For instance, if you lived in Texas and wanted to vote for John Kerry you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. The process isn't even trustworthy because the presidential candidates can elect themselves. Under the elecoral college process voters aren't voting for president but for the slate for electors.

Finally, I am against the Electoral College because its unfair to voters. For example, during the 2000 campaign, 17 states didn't see the canidates at all. Canidates don't spend time in states they know they know the have no chance of winning. This is unfair because voters should know who they are voting for. Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election.

In conclusion, The Electoral College should not be used because it overrides popular votes and voters aren't really voting for the president. Also because Electoral College is unfair to voters. Like Bob Dole said, "Abolish the electoral college!"         