One of the largest sources of pollution around the world is transportation, such as in automobiles being used in everyday life to get around from point a to point b. Many cities and countries are trying to find ways to decrease the amount of smog and pollution caused by car edmissions. People are finding ways such as banning cars or even having days where a car is not allowed to be used. Finding new ways to decrease the greenhouse effect is a revolutionary way by starting out with automobiles, since it plays such a great factor in many peoples life everyday.

In Vauban, Germany a community has a limited restriction toward cars. Cars are only to be parked in a garage on the edge of the development with a payment of $400,00. 57 percent of residents have sold their car to live in a community where no cars are allowed. Residents claim to be more happier and have felt tense with a car always around. This effort to decrease the number of emissions and now only has Europe responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas, as in the United States it is resonsible for 50 percent. Numbers are dropping in Europe which leads to a healthier enviroment to live in.

Another way,that Cities in Europe have started to take part is, banning cars off the streats of Paris. Paris has a large portion of smog than other European Capitals. Congestion was low during the five- day period that automobiles where banned off the streets of paris. Within the five-day period public transportation was free to get people places. The results of this car banning was a success to clear out the smog which is a risk of endangering a person's health.

Other countries such as Colombia have cities that have a car free day. Bogota is a capital of seven million that have people partcipate in a car free event taken every year. Businessman Carlos Aruto Plaza has claimed that it was a "good opportunity to take stress and lower air polllution". Rain also doesn't stop millions of people from partcipating in this event to reduce traffic jams and pollution. This campaign is enticing municipal authorities from other countries to start this revolutionary change that soon may be the future.

Also,car production is steady decreasing in the United States due to less young people getting a drivers licence. Young people do not bother on getting a licence or a car because they have public transportation or either car pool with friends. It has led a 23 percentr drecrease of young people on the road. Not many people go out to meet their friends and rather do it via internet, since technology has been increasing and is another part of daily routines. Cities such as New York have been taking part in a bike-sharing program to reduce traffic in large cities. These new ways to decrease pollution are still being tested but it seems like less people will be off the road and more engaged in less traffic.

Decreasing driving is a major priority to decrease smog around cities and the greenhouse effect. Having car free days and banning cars promotes healthier lives. It decreases the risk of having health problems and stress which can have major effects on one's well being. Supporting communities without automobiles and car free days results in living happier lives. Traffic has decreased and people are left happier breathing in less polluted air.    