In the United States, some public schools offer what is called "distance learning", a program where students remain at home and take classes online, as an alternative option to attenting classes in the school building. There are clear benefits to more schools allowing students to take classes from their homes. Sick students will not find their education hindered, anxious students will not be forced to endure a group setting, and others may find themselves more open to self-directed online lessons.

Firstly, it allows sick students to still take their classes, even while bedridden. In schools were students are required to be present in the classroom, sick students miss out on instruction and have to make up the work. Students who are enrolled in a distance learning program can continue to learn, even if they are unable to leave home. Distance learning can also have other benefits in the realm of health.

In terms of mental health, students who suffer from severe social anxiety and have issues being around others would perfer an in-home learning experience. These students often find themselves unable to cope in the group setting of a school classroom, and unable to learn. The online courses or video conferencing of distance learning would allow these students to participate in school without risking a panic attack.

Another benefit is allowing students a self-paced style of learning. The rigid structure and pacing of the classroom could be a "turn-off" for some students; distanced learning, at least in online classes if not video conferencing, offers a more relaxed and self-directed style. The student determines when they do the work, when they study new content, and for how long they work, with the only strict condition being the deadline when they have to turn it all in. Students enrolled in a self-directed online course may find themselves more engaged than if they were in a classroom.

Distance learning is something all schools should implement. It would allow sick students to continue learning, allow anxious students the opportunity to learn while remaining in a safe environment, and provide a more engaging style of learning for others.