There are positive consequences as well as negative consequences for the development of these Driveless Cars. It's good that thechnology is advancing and the world is in a better place because of these things. It's not bad that things are starting to change including our daily use cars. It's good to be able to create new things that are interesting and enjoy the things that are being produced. I oppose to this new invension of cars however.

People might be excited hearing these advance technology such as the Driveless Cars that are being introduced. However, I'm against these Driveless Cars that are about to be sold. You might think that cars being controled by itself without the drivers would be facinating and cool for you, but there is also danger ahead of us. Of course, it's the job for the companies to sell out to you and try to earn whatever amount of money they could, it's not their responsibility of driving for us after buying it. The cars are not even fully recommanded by the producers yet; they are finding ways to improve it. However, it's not fully guarantee that we will be safe as long as we are in the car.

It's our choice whether we want to get this new car or not, but know that in your mind there will at least a consequences. These cars are cool and looks awesome in our eyes, nor is a bless to own one. Even so, we should know that these cars are not a hundred percent safe. The text state, " This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. " This shows that we also have to ready to take over when something doesn't seem right. It's not like the Driverless Cars will take care of us.

Imagine you are texting while in these Driverless Cars going to your work. You just let the car control when suddenly a road ahead of you is being constrcted, at that moment, you probably might not be alert or anything. The car then had an accident and the one to blame is you, the driver. What I meant to say is that these cars aren't that safe as we think it is. We also have to take the responsible of beingon alert or else something might happen. The text said that if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer? This tells us that it's not guarantee that the manufacturer will take full responsibility of us when somehting bad happens. We have to take care of ourselves.

These Driveless Cars might be convenient in some ways, but always know that it's not always safe. What's the use of always staying on alert when you bought the car thinking it can drive itself without the need of the driver. Even thought it's a fancy thing that the car could drive by itself, it still needs the help of the driver. If something is about to happen in the middle of the highway, what are you going to do? It's really dangerous just thinking about it. Our life really determine on our own actions when driving this Drivelss Cars. Some people might find the cars a good thing, but for me, I really am against it.