Internet technology has revolutionized the world, binding it together at the speed of light. This technology has enhanced virtually every area of modern society, from entertainment to health care, while leaving the vital institution of education sadly neglected. This must change, as students could benefit greatly from the inclusion of internet technology in their learning, such as with distance learning, wherein students can remain at home and use online or video conferencing to access their lessons. This technology has enormous potential to magnify educational opportunities by providing a way to receive instruction even in the face of school cancellations,for those with home duties to continue their education, and alleviate stress for those with conditions such as anxiety.

In education, there are numerous instances of students being robbed of precious educational time by uncontrollable events that make going to school unsafe. While weather is a common factor in school cancellations, instances of disease outbreaks can also close schools for an extended period of time. For example, the COVID-19 outbreak caused many schools to have to shut down for weeks at a time, however those with distance learning capabilities were able to make sure their students received the vital instruction that otherwise would have gone to waste. Furthermore, when Hurricane Mathew hit Georgia during the 2016-2017 school year, schools without distance education capacities were forced to remain closed for several weeks, cutting their students off from the ichor of learning. If those capacities had been in place, students' education would not have been so rudely interrupted. Clearly, distance education enables schools to continue the all-important of future generations even in the face of school cancellations.

Distance learning is also beneficial for students with home duties which would otherwise prevent them from receiving education. Many times students with young siblings or who have children themselves are forced to make the impossible decision of whether to care for their charges or better themselves by attending school. If the students are not blessed with great wealth, day-care options may be unavailable to them or their family. Furthermore, if the student is a parent themselves, their parents may be unable or unwilling to care for the student's child in order to allow the student to attend school. The chain of society is only as strong as its' weakest link, and by allowing this subset of students to fall by the wayside, society as a whole is undermined. Distance learning is an incredibly effective tool to enable these students to continue their educational journey while also allowing them to attend to their home duties. If a student merely has to watch videos or attend video conferencing, it breaks the chains of needing to find childcare and transportation, allowing these students to better their lives and by extension, the lives of their younger siblings or children.

For students with mental conditions such as anxiety, attending school can feel like a waking nightmare due to the numerous social interactions required during the course of the day. This greatly taxes their mental health, robbing them of a chance receive a full education. Distance learning has the potential to end their plight, replacing stressful social interactions with a mere video conference. This would free these students from the pressure of school life and give them wings of freedom with which to glide the skies of education. They should not be forced to suffer when an alternative option is available.

Some may say that if students take lessons at home, they are more apt to be distracted. While students may become distracted and not pay full attention to video lessons, the reality is that students also become distracted in physical school. Students regularly fall asleep or visit with their peers during instructional time, however in physical school if a student does not pay attention in a lesson there is no way for the teacher to reteach it without wasting the class' time. However, in distance learning students may re-watch a lesson that they missed, allowing them to fully comprehend a lesson without using up valuable class time. Therefore, distraction in distance education is less of a problem than in physical school, providing further evidence of the efficacy of this new form of learning.

Distance education is clearly more effective than traditional forms of schooling, providing educational opportunities even in the face of school cancellations, home duties, and mental conditions. It also handles distractions more efficiently than traditional schooling, making it clear that this new form is the future. To not embrace it would be like early humans refusing to accept fire because it is new. Society must leave the dock of old restraints to sail on the new sea of possibility that is distance learning.        