Dear Mr. Senator,

What is the Electoral College? Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always. The Electoral College is an unfair, outdated, and irrational process. Although many believe it is a necessity for choosing a president, it is not. I believe the process of choosing a president should be changed to the election by popular vote in the United States.

First, what is the Electoral College? In the passage "What Is the Electoral

College" it says, "It is a process by which the founding fathers established in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. You help choose your state's electors when you vote for your President because when you vote for your canidate you are actually voting for your canidates electors." But, little did the fouding fathers know it is not really a compromise. The Electoral College is composed of 538 electors. Some of them unfair ones too. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. In source 2 it says, "The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. You help choose your state's electors when you vote for your President because when you vote for you r canidate you are actually voting for your canidates electors."

Second, the Electoral College is not a place, it is a process, an unfair,

outdated, and irrational process. According to the passage "The Indefensible Electoral College" it states how, "Under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors who in turn elect the president." Do you think that is fair? This process is confusing and it should be abomished. Due to the Electoral College many people get confused and sometimes vote for the wrong canidate. In the source "The Indefensible Electoral College" it says, " 'Faithless' electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's canidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please." That is unfair, and irrational. People should be able to have a choice, although they let you feel like you're doing something by voting, you actually are not doing much. The Electoral College gets the last word.

Third, some argue that the Electoral College has good intentions, they support their claims with ideas stated in the passage "In Defense of the Electoral College" some such as "The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance to large states, the Electoral College requires a presidential canidate to have transregional appeal, or the Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate recieves a majority of the votes cast." Although these reasons may be valid, they're not enough to pursuade thousands of U.S citizens that the Electoral College should not be abolished.

Cat got your tongue? In conclusion, as you can see the Electoral College is not always the best way to choose a president, it is unfair, it is outdated since the founding fathers had set it up, and it is irrational. the Electoral College should be replaced with the process of popular vote.                            