Generic_Name

Generic_Name

English Honors 8

3.11.2020

Dear Principal,

I have heard that there is a new rule being put into place making it so that everyone is required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. For example, clubs or sports or a musical instrument, etc, but what happens if students cannot make it to the activity? What will happen when there are things or important issues that come up causing them to miss the extracurricular? I disagree with putting this rule into action because there are many reasons it isn't helping all students and here are some of my thoughts on why I think it shouldn't be a rule.

Some of the students families in school might be struggling with financial issues or aren't as financially inclined at the time being and might have a hard time keeping up. Making parents spend the money to pay for the extracurricular activity rather than paying for more important stuff isn't something we should be promoting or making a requirement.

Parents work. You work. Teachers work. Most adults work. With that being said, some parents can't take off work to take their children to the sport or club that they participate in because they don't have time and their work is important to help support the family. Along with parents not having time, students and kids can struggle with time and not being able to make it to the extracurricular. Homework and schoolwork can be a big deal to us. It affects the grade point average and then colleges and then your career as an adult. Although, that might seem far fetched but that's how others think and that's how some plan. Students might need tutoring and help and having to participate in an activity can take away that time.

I do sports and play instruments. I always have, but it's been a choice for me to participate in each of them. I once did four, but that was too much for me so I stopped one. Having the option to stop or not do an activity is something every one of us needs. People like doing new things and trying them out but to others it frightens them. Thats how it is with requiring the participation in an extracurricular activity. Some like doing things and getting out and trying different things but others find it a struggle and unnecessary to do. While I see that you are trying to help and think that this is the right option and should be something necessary I think that other families can find it is a hassle and that making kids participate in extracurricular shouldn't be required but more encouraged as a choice that is fun and new. I hope you take this into consideration.

Best,

Generic_Name