I think asking other people for help is a good idea especially asking several people. When asking more than one person for their own opinion it make's you look at the situation in different view points. If you need advice for something one person might say something completely different from what you thought of. Where somebody else might say what exactly you were thinking. When asking several people for the same advice or their opinions it will make you not only think more about the subject but it also helps you with different view point. One person will have a negative side to it and the other person will have a positive side to it so you would be able to think what's the worst that could happen or what's the best that could happen.

Personally I think it's better to ask more than one person, because you might be going through something and somebody gives you their advice, it almost is like they give you their strength to do it. I think as an example: say you are getting bullied, but you dont wanna tell on them because you are scared. You might go to a friend and ask for advice and you friend might say you need to tell on them, because if you tell on them they will stop but if you don't tell on them, they will continue to do it. If you have advice to do it from a friend more than likely you will go and tell on the bully or whatever your scenario is.

In my personal opinion helping somebody else always may not only make you feel good but it also helps your friend once their problem is solved or at least been helped. When asking for advice, or somebodies opinion it could really help you out. When asking one person for their opinion might not help you as much as asking several people for their opinion. When asking several people for their opinion, it helps you a lot more by not only giving you extra help but by making you think harder and look at it in different ways.

Asking your friend for their own opinion might not always be good because some people make bad decisions and might tell you to do something that will get you in trouble. In this situation you have to look at the pros and cons to the subject or to what they told you for their opinion or advice. If you think about what they told you if it was good it might and probably will help you. There so, when asking somebody something always think about it before you do it. I always think about what I do before I do it, because if somebody gives you advice that might get you in trouble and or put you in a bad place to get hurt or even worst that would be your fault in the end.

When somebody is asking you for help or is asking for advice they want you to help them. The person giving advice wants what is best for you so always go with what they said once you explain your situation or what you want. I would ask the person first and say why do you give that advice, or why do you say that, or why is that your opinion and see if they can back up their answer with a good reason. If they can give a good reason than I would go for it to do what is best for me. Also if it would help then go ahead and do what you need to do to get the problem over with or whatever your situation is.