People are arguing about keeping the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. People saying its a bad idea for keeping the electoral college and they want the popular voting for the president. The passage "Does The Electoral College Work?" is about keeping the electoral college or changing the system by popular voting. Its showing the negatives and postives about the two agreements. My two sources shows why not to keep the electoral colleges. "Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer is about wrongs about electoral colleges such as the winner-take-all method and more. "Source 3: In Defense Of The Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" by Richard A. Posner is about how Electoral Colleges votes are good and how its hard to use electoral votes by citizens. Im against Electoral Colleges because its unfair and worthless.

Im aganist Electoral Colleges because its unfair. Its unfair because your not voting for the president, your voting for a slate of electors and thats not fair at all. Its not guranteed that the person you wanted to become president will be president. The quote i have shows how electoral colleges are unfair. this quote states that "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races inthe "swing" states." The candidates does not know the states because they havent been there for awhile to understand the states problems. They cannot fix it if the candidates doesn't know. Electoral college is outdated and irrational to the voters and not fair towards them either. This other quote I have can show how electoral colleges are unfair also. This quote states that "The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor." The disaster factor is that the state legislatures are responsible for picking electors, and that those electors always defy the will of the people. The system contain worse for the people and its truley unfair.

Im against Electoral colleges because its worthless. Its worthless because the electoral college dosen"t care about the people. Its lacking on everything in the system such as responsiblities and fairness. This quote states that "There are five reasons for retaining the Electoral college despite its lack of democratic pedigree; all are practical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons." This shows that the electoral college is lacking in things concerning the system to the electors and president. Its worthless to the voters if its not helpful. My other quote that shows how its worthless is that "It can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrrying their state." Democrats in Texas are one of the reasons about Electoral Colleges. Their votes will will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attentionto the campaign.

Im against Electoral Colleges because its unfair and worthless. Its unfair to the voters and worthless if its not involve with the voters too. People can like the Electoral Colleges, but I think its not good for the United States of America.    