Some schools have summer projects so they can make sure their students still remember what they learned. I think these summer projects should be teacher-designed because if students designed them they would be super easy and the students wouldn't be remembering anything as well if the teacher made it. If teachers already design work for the students then it wouldn't be as difficult for them to make the summer projects. And teachers making them would mean a lesser chance of cheating

If students were to design summer projects for themselves then they wouldn't be remembering as much if teachers design it because students would just make the work really easy so they wouldn't have to do much. Also if students made them then there would be a higher chance of the students cheating because a student could make something that is very similar to another students work and the teacher wouldn't even know. And the students could have just thought of the same idea and then they turn it in and the teacher thinks they cheated when it was just a coincidence so they get in trouble for thinking similarly.

If teachers designed them then it would be less work on the students and the teacher and the teachers already make work for the students. the way it would be less work for the students is they wouldn't have to think about what they're going to make they would just have to think about how they are going to do it. And teachers would have less work because they would know a general idea of what they were grading instead of it being something the student made up. Also teachers already make work for the students so they are used to it. And if teachers made them there would be less chances of cheating because the teacher made the work so she would know if the students were copying from each other

Those are some reasons why teachers should make the summer projects instead of the student. So it might be a bit more work for the teacher but it's overall better for everyone because the students get to remember the information they learned and the teachers get to do less work when they have to grade it.