Some people think that asking for more than one persons advice is a good thing to do, while others would argue that you should only ask one person for their advice. I personally think that asking more than one person for advice is always the right way to go. Some people can give better advice than others can, some people know you better than others, and would know the best advice for you, and because it is always good to see more than one persons perspective. If you only have one person giving you advice then you would only see where that one person is coming from and just automatically just take their advice.

One reason why you should ask more than one person for advice is because some people can give better advice than others. Some people are more familiar with things that go on in life than others because they have been around longer. A lot of people could have experiences with something you need advice for, so all that you would have to do is ask them for their advice and they could easily help you out. Many people have different thoughts and opinions than others do. It is important to hear a lot of peoples advice so that you can put all the advice that you are given together, and then easily solve your problem. Asking more than one person for their advice is a good choice because some people give better advice than others, and it is always a good thing to do because it helps you out the most.

Another reason why you should ask more than one person for their advice is because some people know you better than others. Some people know your life choices and know your personality way better than others do. If you ask someone you are close with for their advice, that is probably going to be the best advice that you get, just because they know who you are as a person. On the other hand, if you were to ask someone who you are not that close with for their advice it might be the total opposite from what the person who you are close with gave you. If you are not close with someone that gives you advice then it most likely will not be the best thing to listen to, just because they do not know you that well. If you ask more than one person then it would be very helpful because you could hear what everyone has to say, and then you can decide which advice you want to take. Asking more than one person for their advice is a good choice because some people know you better than others, and it is very helpful to you so that you can have lots of options.

The last reason why you should ask more than one person for their advice is because it is good to see more than one persons perspective. Some people might think of something that you ask them one way, but others could see it a total different way. Not all people think the same way as everyone. Someone could say something and someone else could take what that person said and come up with a lot of their own thoughts. Even some people have thoughts could be the total opposite of what the person said actually mean't. If you look at something one way you would automatically jump to conclusion that, that is what it is, but if you look at something more than one way, then you get to see all the different perspectives about it. Asking more than one person for their advice, because you get to see a lot of more peoples perspectives, is a good thing to do because you get to see more thoughts and it will help you out a lot more.

To conclude that asking for more than one persons advice is a very good choice because some people can give better advice than others can, some people know you better than others do, and seeing more than one persons perspective, are very helpful to you as a person because you get to have multiple options, and get to see where multiple people are coming from. Asking for more than one persons advice is the best thing you can do when you are struggling in life and need some help. 