There once was a student that was required to pick a summer project on their own and complete it before the start of school.

The student chose a topic that was not challenging or interesting for the student to complete, simply because the student was not able to come up with any better ideas.

Therefore, the student lacked motivation to complete the project, which resulted in a poor grade.

Although some individuals believe that students should be given the freedom to design a summer project that specifically interests the student, the topic should be assigned to the student by the teacher because it ensures that the student will be challenged, eliminates the stress of having to pick a topic and gather all of the materials themselves, and allows the student to demonstrate knowledge of being able to follow directions on their own.

Many beneficial skills are learned when projects are assigned by a teacher for a reason.

One example is being able to follow directions exactly how they are given.

A very important skill for students to learn is how to follow directions precisely.

This skill will help the student in the future if a boss were to give their employee a to-do list,

the boss would expect for the list to be completed exactly how it was given.

Teachers design well thought out projects to give initiative towards the student to be self motivated and able to complete tasks on their own.

By being able to complete tasks on their own demonstrates responsibility and superior time management skills.

Demonstrating these traits will help the student in the future with job opportunities.

If a student was allowed the freedom to pick their own project, many students would elect to take the easy way out and choose a topic that is not challenging.

The teacher should be able to hand pick specific projects basted on their students interests, and what they believe would be interesting for the student to research and study all summer.

Students lack motivation throughout their summer break and try to get away with whatever they come across first, even if this means a juvenile, boring project.

Students are far more inclined to complete a project that they have not learned about yet.

Often times during the course of the school year, students are assigned to complete projects that the student is required to design.

If the teacher designs a topic for the student, it allows the student a break from having to stress about a topic.

For example, many students have to participate in the science fair every year and choose their own topic.

Students are given two weeks to come up with a topic and research it to confirm that the project is acceptable.

Then, the teacher denies or approves the topic.

If the topic is denied, the student has to complete this entire process again.

Over summer break, students do not have copious amounts of time to go through this long, strenuous process.

Also, students do not have access to their teachers to be able to be approved or denied.

This could later result in a failing project.

Furthermore, the large majority of students lack internet access over summer break and are unable to complete in depth research prior to starting the project.

Not only is coming up with a topic an issue, but the materials that are required could later cause a problem.

If the teacher chose the topic for students, then the teacher would be able to loan the materials that are necessary instead of the student exerting unnecessary energy and money for the materials.

Although many individuals believe that students should be given the opportunity to design their own summer project, the teacher should design the project because it allows the student to be able to demonstrate their knowledge and skills on being able to follow directions, ensure a great deal of difficulty, and eliminate stress of designing their own topic. Predictions are that if a student is assigned to design their own project, then the student will not retain any information that is beneficial.

Therefore, teachers should always design students projects.     