My opinion on driveless cars are that the are unsafe and not useful in anyway for my perspective.

They say driveless but yet have to be controled once the car realises it can't do a task so turns over to the driver for help."Google cars aren't truly drivless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in andout of drivways or dealing with complicated traffic issues as navigating through roadwork or accidents." They say we still need to take controll of a car that is suposavly drivless; how can a car be drivless if it can't even back out or pull in a drive way without having human help(?)

We must remain alert at all times while driving,'They can steer,accelerate,and brake themselves,but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills,such as navagating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situatin requires." so why would we have a self driving car when we can just be alert on our own and drive our selfs. If we have self driving cars people aregonna think its ok to just go to sleep or something stupid as texting. The car is going and your texting it alerts you to take over but you dont know becuase your not paying attention. So their for self driving cars can be more hazerdous (in my case).It is best for you to pay attention full time not just when situations get tough.

I beleive the car is unsafe and not cappible of living up to its full name yes it can do certant things but not fully go on its own; it is unsafe and illegal in countrys. "manufacturers believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proved more reliably safe." So from my perspective the car isnt as safe as people think.

The technology may not work as certaint times so their for it may cause accidents without giving you any warnings. Whos fault would it be if a accident happend?"If the technology fals and someone is ijured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacture?" I believe it would be the manufacturers fault because they biult and places the technology in the car but yet still had an accident happen.

MY resons to why i thinmk the "driveless" car is a bad idea may cause technology problems,whont drive on its own(fully),may cause people to fully not pay attention to the road, and we must be alert at all time reguardless if you are gonna cause an accident or if th person next to you dose so you can take a faster reaction.        