Homeschooling is a method used widely to educate the next generation; students who are home schooled can take classes with online colleges and even video conference with professors from those very colleges. Now obviously we aren't talking about homeschooling, but we are talking about our children being taught at home. Learning from home can be beneficial to children that may have dyslexia, ADD, ADHD, autism and other forms of learning disabilities; there is even a sense of comfort, for most, whenever a child is at home with his or her family. Students being taught in a more isolated environment provides them with a taste of responsibility and resolve. The purpose of public schools are to provide free education equally and maybe now that means branching out and providing free education at home.

Many children today are diagnosed with some form of learning disability, whether it be ADD or even autism, it affects how that student is able to learn. If a student is able to learn at home via online classes or video conference chat, it allows them to learn in a way that is tailored to the individual needs of that child. There are students that may disagree and say that they learn fine in a public school environment and dont need distance learning, so why not provide equal opportunity and allow the student to decide what works best for them. Students who are distracted easily tend to learn better at home in an environment that they are familiar with.

At home children tend to feel more comfortable because they are able to express themselves clearly without having to worry about chastisement from the school. As children we created bonds with our our parents, we always knew that they were a safe place; school isn't always like that, there are always going to be people there that may want to hurt us and be a distraction, whereas at home we can focus without worrying about our next encounter with that bully who may want to hurt us. Some people may say that they dont have a great relationship with their parents and that's understandable, but maybe thats a reason for them to choose distance learning, in order to reconcile those relationships. We may not always get to pick and choose when it comes to schooling, but why not take it if the option is given to us.

It's always easier to work on a report or a project in a library or somewhere quiet, right? It provides the student with a feeling of responsibility to get things done. Not only that but there is a resolve that comes from the process of finishing that project or paper. People may say that not everyone feels that way, but when we have a need to accomplish something, we should feel responsibility and a want to get things done. This idea of distance learning wouldn't be a suggestion if it hasn't already worked, which would mean that the students felt a responsibility and finished their said class or task.

In conclusion, our schools provide students with access to free education and although distance learning may not be the best for everyone, shouldnt we give them the option to choose? Our schools are teaching less and less and pushing for the students to learn individually, if that's the way our schools are leaning, couldn't we learn the same things if we were home schooled? Sure, there is still structure in our schools, but how lazy are they going to get? Because the more they push for individualized learning the more it seems like a home school co-op. Our students aren't just going to be the leaders of tomorrow because they are the leaders right now, they will have to make choices on their own at some point, so let's allow them to decide their path.