What's the first thing you think about when you see a car? How much gas mileage its has? What year is it? How fast can it go? Well, have you ever thought about how much polution it puts into our air that we breathe? Or the car bill you have to pay every month? I'm going to assume you don't. There are ways we can change this problem and im going to prove how!

To begin  this argument im going to point out that over 77% of American people are in debt in their car bill, ALONE. That's over 3/4 of our population in the U.S. You cannot tell me people are not stressed from this over whelming statement! "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way.", said by a former car owner Heidrun Walter. She now rides bicycles with her two children and now a car bill is one less thing she has to worry about in her hectic life.

Another advantage of limiting car usage would be do reduce smog polution. Now this is not only a problem in America, it's all over the world. Paris is particularly bad in this division. Paris typically has more smog that other European capitals. It got so horrible they has to enforce a "driving ban" to ensure all the air was clear in the global city. It even rivaled Beijing, China which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. After about five days the congestion on the streets plumitted down to 60%.

Having said that, not only is car usage bad for our earth, we could benifit our health from it! In Bogota, Columbia they set up a program named "Car free day." Millions of their citiznes hiked, climbed, skated or took bus transportation to work. This day left the streets empty with no traffic, and the people that did drive had a $25 fine. Rain or shine nothing could stop these people from participating in this event. The city benifited from this so much that parks and sport centers have boomed from high demand because people want to have a healthier lifestyle in general. One day they hope every city has something simlilar to this day so that our owlrd will be heathier and even happier!

Therefor it is clearly obvious of the advantages we would have if we limited on car usage. People  would be alot healthier not only from the excersise, but the air would be alot more cleaner to breathe in. Also it would be safer and cut down tremendously on deaths. We might just be over the peak of driving.    