Dear principle:

I personally think that students are to be required to do community service. It helps the community and everyone in it. It helps them care for others and their feelings. They should also do community service to let them know that helping others is better than helping themselves. Also, one last fact is that colleges look for children that have done a lot of community service.

They will help the community and the people in it by them giving food or shelter to the hungry or the homeless. They learn also that they are not the only ones and be nice and generous to others. They will learn that the needy really need help, especially during winter and tough times like now. This is one reason they need to do community service.

Another reason to require community service is that they will learn to care for others and their feelings. When they know that they are not the only ones and that they are more fortunate than a lot of others than they will learn this. The children usually get selfish if they don't know how many people are less fortunate than they are. This the second reason for them to do community service.

Another reason for doing community service is that they will learn to help others more than helping themselves. They get selfish if they think that nobody needs that thing they want, so they will take more and if there is someone needy, they lost that thing they wanted. In addition to becoming selfish, they will lose the ability to respect people that went through things that the children probably couldn't like the concentration camps, and live to tell what happened. This was yet another reason for children to do community service.

My last reason to do community service is that colleges look for the children that have completed a lot of community service hours. A lot more colleges are giving scholarships and even just recognizing people that have done community service, voluntarily. That is my last reason for children to do community service.

Children will regret it when they grow up if they did not partake in community service. They will lose the ability to respect others as much, they will not care for others and they will not help the community. I want to make one last plead to make the children do community service as a requirement of the school.

sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME