Many students, including me, dream of the opportunity to stay home instead of going to school. So, imagine being given the option to attend school from home. As much as I want to say, "That's a great idea," I simply can't because I know that it won't be beneficial. Students will not benefit from attending classes from home because it can cause them to lack communication skills and some people can't obtain information that is given online.

The most important thing in life is communication. For instance, you need to know how to properly communicate so that you can get a job, build healthy relationships, and be able to explain how you feel. Going to school definitely helps build your communication skills because you have to socialize and communicate with lots of people, meaning you have to learn how to get along with people who you may not like; therefore, strengthening your communication and problem-solving skills .Unfortunately, if you attend school from home you won't be given the opportunity to learn how to make connections with other people or learn problem-solving skills which are essential skills to be successful in the real world.

Secondly, students learn in many different ways. Some people can learn by reading and working on a computer. However, many people can't. For example, when my teachers give assignments that are strictly online, it's really hard for me to understand the material because I'm a visual and hands-on learner. Many people, including me, need to be in a classroom and get help from a teacher, in person, because that's the only way we can learn. So, if students had to take classes online many of them will be falling behind because they simply just can't learn like that.

Some people say students will benefit from being able to attend classes from home because students can work at their own pace. However, they are wrong because many students love to procrastinate doing work. So, giving them an option to work at their own pace will most likely result in late assignments, students forgetting about the assignments completely, or students just choosing not to do them. Basically, working at their own pace can lead to them not doing their work at all.

Overrall, it's just not a great idea to let students choose to attend school from home because it could lead to their downfall. Now that we know that if students are given the choice to attend class at home it will result in failing students, and students lacking basic communication skills, we shouldn't offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home.                   