Distance learning, the act of obtaining an education or some form of apprehension through online or video call servicing.

While this form of education is uncommon, it provides those who are unable to be transported to school, the right to be educated.

Distance learning is an amazing idea, for those who are incapable of moving one place to another.

However, learning through online or video conferencing is not beneficiary towards the students participating.

It may be said that distance learning is a convenient option for students to take throughout their years in school.

Yet, distance learning brings about disadvantages such as lack of human interaction or social development,

lack of experience in a formal workplace, and it could be a hinderance towards the future of the students involved.

Social skills are key for any activity, job, sport, or school environment a person is able to be apart of.

Taking away one's ability to learn how to engage with others isn't assisting a vital component in their future.

In fact,

distance learning could possiblely make one reluctant to interact with others.

Attending classes from home gives students a sense of protection and comfort.

Although, uncomfortability is what strengthens the minds of students.

When people are placed in unknown environments they learn to adapt in order to survive in those environments.

Restrictions of the home,

such as protection and comfort,

disable feelings like vulnerability which could help students become more versatile.

Students who attend school are more likely to be successful in new, difficult environments than those who lack experience to exposure of challenging atmospheres.

Some may say that exposure to these parts of society aren't needed in future situations.

However,

in adulthood,

approaching new atmospheres is something done daily; the ability to adapt to them isn't built through a screen or over a phone.

Professionalism or work etiquette is expected by those in a formal setting.

Knowledge of this, as well,

cannot be understood through a screen or over a phone.

Comprehending professionalism more than acting professional is essential in future circumstances.

For example,

dressing the part and appearing professional isn't sufficient in order to understand professionalism.

Things such as eye contact, posture, and tone of voice help complete the essence of having work etiquette. Real life experiences with confrontation and human interaction are the foundation to the comprehension for these skills.

None of these can truly be acquired from the limitations of the home.

Distance learning exempts the chance to develop experience in these areas.

It is possible to be said that professionalism isn't used for every given situation in adulthood.

Yet, apprehension of the idea and experience with it is necessary for the abundance of situations one will encounter.

Not only is distance learing harmful towards personal, social, and professional development, but it is towards future opportunities.

Today, colleges view those with sucess in many extracurricular activites such as sports, clubs, and other school related events, very highly.

Students that participate in many activites and receive good grades are now more likely to attend the college desired than ever before.

Subsequently,

scores on standardized tests such as the SAT and ACT are looked upon for academic success.

With distance learing, students unable to participate in extracurriculars and SAT and ACT preparation groups. This leaves them at a disadvantage.

It is possible for distance learning students to participate in some activities, although it provides complications for those who support their participation.

Some may say that distance learning is an opportunity for one to do extracurriculars not involving school.

Consequently, this allows those who participate in after-school related activites to be scouted out easier instead of those who are doing non-school sanctioned events.

Distance learning is an idea that can be understood for those who are incapable of travel to learn and receive a fair education along with those who are able to.

It can give good opportunities for those people to be educated without consequence or strenuous complications.

However, it is not helpful for the future applications of the skills that can be learned from attending class phsically.

The generations who will be educated need to understand challenging obstacles and experience them to overcome them.

Distance learning strips away the access to these skills which are given through lessons and experiences at school.

This causes a disadvantage for those who choose to not learn in a school environment.  