In times of worry, who would most people go to for advice? Perhaps a person's first instinct would be to seek help from a friend or a close family member. While this is a good idea, it may be best to get multiple opinions on the situation. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better decisions because everyone has different experiences and ideas, and multiple opinions can help eliminate bad ideas.

Everyone grows up differently. This leads every individual to adapt different ideas and opinions. An example would be, if someone grows up in a safe and closed-off environment, he might not be as daring as someone who grew up around adventure and risk-taking. Therefore, everyone will eventually develop different ideas. Individuals will use their previous experiences to guide the advice they give. Every person has different experiences, so talking to more than one person can be a good tactic when seeking advice. If more than one person has the same idea, it may be valuable to the person in question's situation. Because everyone has different ideas and experiences, people may get a wide range of advice. While someone's first instinct may be to listen only to the person he trusts the most or is closest to, taking each opinion into consideration is the best way to maximize the possibility of the situation ending well.

While getting caught up in the moment, it's easy to develop bad ideas. People can get frustrated or caught off guard and go with the first idea that pops into their head. It's also easy to dismiss other ideas if someone thinks his first instinct is the only way to handle the problem. However, if an individual obtains more than person's opinion, and it's different from his, he's more likely to listen than if it were just one opinion. If going to people for advice, someone will automatically go to people he trusts. Realizing that he trusts them will make it easier for the person to listen to their advice. Hearing from someone that he trusts helps him understand that their idea wasn't the best option, and this will lead to a better outcome. For example, if someone was struggling with school work, his first instinct might be to procrastinate and put off the work. If he goes to his parents and/or friends and they tell him to get the work done as soon as possible, it might motivate him to finish the work instead of put it off. This is because if more than one person thinks he should get the work done, and he's the only one that thinks he should procrastinate, the feeling of being outnumbered can lead to him understanding why his idea wouldn't be effective.

When people are faced with a problem, it's a good idea to ask for more than one person's advice. Each individual's experience will lead to different advice, so receiving multiple ideas helps the final decision feel more secure. Having more than one opinion also helps get rid of ideas that won't be useful in that specific situation. It's always better to ask too much than to ask too little!