Don't you always go to others when seeking advice? The more people, the better right? Getting advice from multiple point of views weighs on making the right decision. Its better to seek multiple people for advice because there are different point of views, some are older and wiser, and if you don't use their advice you can still use it in the future to come.

Wouldn't two views be better the one? If you were to hears someone view on the situation and don't agree with it, wouldn't you like to hear the other side? When one gives you advice from their view and you don't agree with it, you can still hear others input on it. If you were to only hear out one person, would you think you would have the best advice? When asking for advice people naturally ask multiple people. They want to see others view point on the situation. if you want to have the best advice, you would ask people from different stand points.

Remember the old saying, "The older the wiser." That comes in handy when seeking advice. Since the elder have more experience with life they have a better stand point on things. Others might think that the elders don't know what they're talking about since they are from older times. Some think since they are form older times their advice is what matters the most. When getting advice you should at least ask a few elders to know where they stand. This way you will have point of views from the older older generation.

In addition, when getting stand points from others that would work in a situation. You can always go back on it for another situation.

Sometimes people give right advice but for the wrong purpose. While you may be getting this point of view from one person, you may keep it for another situation. Later on when you need another point of view. you can go back to what someone told you that would make sense for a particular situation. Getting different point of views may help in one situation, it could always assist you in another.

All in all, asking more people for their point of view will result in better advice. If one view doesn't work for you, you can always ask others. It is better to seek advice from multiple people because there are different point of views, some are elder and wiser, and if you don't use their advice you can still use it in the future. More point of views the better.