Should drivers be able to use their phones while driving?

In 2017 3,166 people were killed by distracting driving. In 2017, there were 34,247 distracted driving accidents, so let's be realistic is your phone that important to be risking your life?

Phones in our generation are a popular matter, us teens even adults get carried away from what we are intended to do because of the distraction of cellular devices.

40% of teens say that they have been in a car when the driver used a cell phone.

There's a saying U DRIVE. U TEXT. U PAY. Distracted driving is dangerous so many lives have been taken just by one simple text back. Using a cell phone while driving creates deaths and injuries on U.S. roads. In 2017 alone, people were killed in motor vehicle crashes involving distracted drivers. "Distracted driving is any activity that diverts attention from driving, including talking or texting on your phone, eating and drinking, talking to people in your vehicle, fiddling with the stereo, entertainment or navigation system-anything that takes your attention away from the task of safe driving".

Every year in the U.S., almost a half million people are injured or killed in traffic accidents to the combination of texting and driving. The statistics are shocking, especially in view of the fact that this danger could be completely avoided more than 3,000 teens die each year in crashes caused by texting while driving. "High school students who reported frequent texting while driving was less likely to wear a seat belt, more likely to ride with a driver who had been drinking alcohol, and more likely to drink and drive".

Cell phones are involved in 1.6 million auto crashes each year that cause a half million injuries and take 6,000 lives." According to research conducted at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, teens who do not frequently use a phone while driving believe the benefits of putting away their phone while driving outweigh any drawbacks." Cell phone use behind the wheel reduces brain by 37 percent. In 2015, 42 percent of high school students who drove in the past 30 days reported sending a text or email while driving.

In conclusion, being in a rush to pick up a phone while driving isn't the route to go. Too many love ones have lost their life for a quick second to check that "one message" don't be the next victim, there's a time and a place for everything.

Work Cited:

https://www. teendriversource. org/teen-crash-risks-prevention/distracted-driving/cell-phones https://www. fcc. gov/consumers/guides/dangers-texting-while-driving https://www. integrityinsurance. com/tips/dangerstexting         