No means no. It is the universal term that everyone and anyone can understand by a shake of the head. Why would a principle, who is suppose to support and help their students grow, force them into something they might not want to do. This should be a voluntary act.

Some students might be uncomfortable with what the principle is asking them to do. They may not be athletic or the leader type to be in a school council or run in a student election such as a student president. Their families may not be open to the idea because of something going on at home like money, family problems, religion, etc. Or this student just may not like the idea because they may like to keep to themselves. To others it can be hard to put yourself out there in a environment you know nothing about. Parents might even have a problem with sending their child into a sport, when they fear of them getting hurt or trying to force them into something the student who just simply is not into. I remember going to my first soccer camp, it was only one day, but I was a very shy girl who was abnormally tall for a five year old and I didnt want to talk or play soccer in front of everyone because I was scared to feel embarrassed, I was still brand new to the sport so in the end I just stood there like a statue. I remembered that feeling and it was not a good one at all. Why should a multiple kids go through the same feeling if they really don't feel comfortable?

This really should be something the students get to decide. They need to be confident and comfortable in anything the students do in school, at home, outside of school, or wherever! If they are forced into it, they may become seriously upset. They may start to get bad grades until they fail. They may loose close friends and connections with their teachers. The school should really consider these options when thinking of the students. Think of their families. They may have other plans in their minds about where their child might want to go in the future and if they are doing something else that the school has brought upon the student, then the kids family just isnt happy with the school either. I truly do not think this is a good for the students growth and development either. And I'm sure that the kids attending the school and parents may agree with me on this one.

In the end, it truly is never okay to force anyone into anything. Including if it was for school, unless truly needed academically, but this time its not. This should be chosen by the student and the parents if they are willing to investing time, money, and effort into this. And if their kid said no, he or she means no and thats the end of it.       