Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assume they continue learning during their break. During summer break most students will not do work unless assigned work to do. Summer projects can help students remember what they learned in school. A summer project can be beneficial to a teacher and to the students. Opponents wrongly believe summer projects should be student designed because students are more likely to do it and can be creative. Although some believe summer projects need to be student designed it should be known, summer projects must be teacher designed.

Summer projects should be teacher designed because of benefits to the teacher. Summer projects should be teacher designed because teachers can plan ahead. For example, Mr. Generic_Name planned a summer project before school started. If Mr. Generic_Name plans ahead then he would not have to worry about it later in the school year. Summer projects should be teacher designed because it is easier for teachers to grade. For instance, Mr. Generic_Name designed the project so he will know what to look for. It will be easier to grade since he designed thew project and made the rubric. Summer projects should be teacher designed because the teacher will not have to worry about the students doing the wrong things. For example, Mr. Generic_Name will not have to worry about the students designing a inappropriate project or not doing the project at all if he does it himself.

Summer projects should be teacher designed because of benefits to students. Summer projects should be teacher designed so students will not have to worry about designing and doing the project. For instance, Generic_Name will not have to design and do the project. Since the teacher is designing the project Generic_Name will not have to worry about that. She can focus on just doing the project. Summer projects should be teacher designed because students know what teachers are looking for. For instance, the students has had many projects before in Mr. Generic_Name's class. Since the teacher is designing the project the students know what he is looking for. Summer projects should be teacher designed so that the students can get the project done faster. For example, Since Mr. Generic_Name already designed the project all Generic_Name has to do is do the project which saves her a lot of time. Doing just the project is faster than having to design it and do the project.

Even though some believe summer projects must be student designed it should be known, summer projects need to be teacher designed. The opposition incorrectly believes summer projects should be student designed because students will learn work ethic and possibly find hidden talents. Summer projects should be teacher designed because of benefits to teachers such as planning ahead, projects being easier to grade, and not having to worry about students doing the wrong things. Additionally, summer projects should be teacher designed because of benefits to students such as not having to worry about designing and doing the project, students already know what the teachers looking for in a project, and getting the project done faster. Summer projects help students remember information. When it is time to go back to school teachers will not have to reteach because the students did a summer project.