Many cities and countries are starting a new trend that is not using cars at all. Vehicles can cause many problems such as air pollution, congested roads, and injuries due to wrecks. Some cities have started some type of way to promote how bad vehicles really are and advising people on what to do to stop driving.

For three years in Bogota, Colubia, the city has a day called, "Day Without Cars" where in this city, home of seven million citizens, nobody can use a vehicle unless they are willing to pay a $25 fee if they were get caught. Columbians greatly support this cause by hiking, biking, skating, and taking the bus to work. This caused the roads to be clear and not congested like they usually are.

Paris has a system to help support limiting car use as well. They take even and odd numbered license plates and designate a day that's either even or odd. On the even day, car owners that have an even license plate are ordered to leave their car at home, and vice versa for odd. If they have drive their car on the day they were ordered to leave it home, they have to pay a fee of $31.

The United States has reached a point to where cars are starting to become unpopular. In 2005, the amount of miles driven peaked, and in April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was down approximately 9% below the peak in 2005. That is eqaul to where the U.S. was in 1995.

Another advantage of limiting car usage is that some companies that are in the computer/cell phone business are making more money. In the United States, many people are using the computer and telephone to communicate with people because it's faster and easier to access than having to drive around town to meet with someone. This means that computer websites are making more money and the phone companies are making more money since people are using their phones more often.

Next, cars can cause major stress to some people. Traffic jams, animals running across the road, not being able to see due to smog, and car accidents stress people out because they are either too busy to deal with it or being scared that they might hurt someone/something or may even get hurt themselves. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter in an article written by Elisabeth Rosenthal.

Also people's health could improve tremendously as a result of limiting car usage. Walking to work could burn the calories that people ate at breakfast. Hiking, running, skating, and biking to meet up for lunch or for little kids to go to the play ground could greatly increase people's health. Since people would be technically exercising while going to places, they would be more proned to drinking water to rehydrate themselves which would make them a healthier person in the process as well.

The process of limiting car usage has started or has already taken over cities and countries. It can reduce stress, increase the health of people, and increase the profit for business. The advantages of limiting car usage may seem small, but in the end they will have a huge impact on societies.    