Summer projects are something I think is important to your education. They make sure you keep learning through the summer, so you can be prepared for what's to come next school year. So, without proper guidance, the summer projects would mostly be unhelpful. Therefore, I think summer projects should be teacher-designed, because a student-designed summer project would be too easy and unhelpful, and a teacher-designed project would be more productive and helpful going into the next school year.

Students undergo a lot of stress as the school year goes along, and summer is supposed to be our break from all of that stress. So, a summer project is the last thing we want to do during our relaxing break from school. So, if you gave us control over the summer project, we'd make it very simple and easy on ourselves. For example, my friend, Generic_Name had control over his summer project for his English class. He didn't want to do much, so he told the class to just read a page from any type of media, and write a paragraph summarizing what you read. For some students, that's difficult, but he knew that wasn't hard at all compared to what his teacher as going to assign. He chose to assign something that was quick and easy, so that he could enjoy his summer without any stress, but that caused him and his classmates to have a rough time in English class the following year.

Teachers go to school for four years, or more, so they can get the right information and resources to properly teach a class, and that's not easy to do. So, teachers truly know what's right for their students, although to us students, it may not seem like they do. Also, a helpful summer project is not easy to plan. Therefore, I believe that we should trust their judgment and do their projects, because it'll definitely prove to benefit us for the upcoming school year. For example, Ms. Generic_Name, my English teacher, kept insisting on us reading a book over the summer, and writing a book report on it. I hated the summer project at first, but she gave us an amazing book to read, and the book report came out to be one of the best, I've ever done, because it was over the summer, so that was the only thing I had to worry about for the whole break.

Some people think that students should have control over their summer projects, because they know what works for them, and their summer shouldn't be spent stressing over a project. That does make sense, but I think teachers will understand that it's summer break, so they won't assign you something overly complicated, but they will challenge your brain, so you can keep using the skills you learned throughout the year to prepare you for next school year.

In conclusion, teacher-designed summer projects, would be more helpful for students, because most students wouldn't make their projects challenging, so they can relax their whole summer, and all of our teachers know how it feels to be a student, so they won't give us something extremely challenging, but they will give us something challenging enough for us to be prepared for what next year has to come.