There are innumerable extracurricular opportunities for students to participate in at their school. Most schools offer a broad range of activities, which is why I agree that students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity at their school. No matter what the activity is, it can be good for the mind and the body. Therefore, students should be required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it will give the students a chance to try things that they normally wouldn't, it will provide students with more opportunities to make friends, and it will better serve them in the long run.

Requiring students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity will give them a chance to try things that they normally would not. Most people tend to stay in their comfort zone, but this rule will challenge them to try new things that they will hopefully enjoy. For example, someone that never reads might never join their school's book club, but with this rule they could join the book club and discover that they love reading. Overall, trying new things is essential to finding new interests.

This rule would also be very beneficial to the students because it would provide them with more opportunities to make friends. Some students have a hard time talking to new people, so this rule would require them to join a team or club and talk to the people also on that team or in that club. This would be great for both the students joining the extracurricular activity, and the people already participating in the activity. Lastly, all of the students involved would have an equal opportunity to meet new people and become friends.

Finally, requiring students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity is a good rule because it will better serve them in the long run. Extracurricular activities can teach the students new skills that can become very useful to them in the future. Colleges also take extracurricular activities into account when they are reviewing applications. The most outlandish skills can become useful at any time, so it is important for students to learn about whatever interests them, because they never know when they will need those skills. To conclude, participating in at least one extracurricular activity will be more helpful to students in the future.

Students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it will give them an opportunity to try new things, make new friends, and it will be better for them in the future. If schools had this rule, then more students would enjoy going to school, and they would become more involved in the school. Once people are out of their comfort zone, then they will discover new interests that they never knew they had. Overall, this rule would help many students come out of their comfort zones and become more confident people. 