Dear State Senator,

In my opinnion the way voting is staged should be change to popular voting opposed to Electoral Voting. Electoral College is basically the congress voting rather than citizens. Do we get to vote? Yes, but the the Electoral College gets to decide where it's going. That how citizens should feel, make a vote and the candidate they want to elect is the place it's going to arrive to.

Citizens should have the power they think they have, all the protest and arguing about rights and many others that we have crossed over the years, does that not mean anything anymore? We live in a world of democracy, whoever has the most should be the President of our United States. Our duties as citizens are to vote, yes. Well, let us do our jobs the proper way. The government makes it look as to we have much power as citizens, but do we really?

They say that the Electoral College can do us wonders, by picking our president and knowing who the right one is for our country. Only we know us the citizens thats our right and now the are taking that right away from us little by little. Let me tell you why the Electoral College is dreadful, when we vote for which candidate we want to become our president it goes to a certain group of eletors and they use all the votes from our state to push up the candidate they want to become our presidant. Let's not forget about the

Disaster Factor

. America almost hit the worse crisis in that known century, all becasuse of the wrong selection of an elector.

On the other hand another thing to worry about would a tie on the electoral vote. Then the votes are to be handled down to the House of Representatives, and if the were having a tie on a vice-president vote it would be the senator. Why don't you see the candidants going down to the state to persuade you to vote for them? All because of the chance they know that they may not have. Only beacuse the desision doesn't really relay on us. All of our voting has given us our duty and right, but do we truely do what we want to do?

Citizens and Candidates don't get the full voting experience as we used to. Votes are in the hands of the electors and not the citizens. Voting is what make makes America, America! Do you really want to jeopardize America and it's voting system? Where do any of us stand?                      