The facial action coding system is an astonishing idea developed by proffesor Dr. Huang his invention has many contributions that would benifit us in our society today. The way that his system works is abrilliant idea that could not only tell us if a person is happy,sad,or angry but, those identifications of charechter can help us prevent many things from happening in our society today. One of the major contributions that this amazing machine would put fourth to the table could prevent mass shootings, that we have in today's society. By setting these facial action coding systems in our schools,banks,government build,e. t. c. to keep inocent citizens safe on the street. If we inplament these facial action coding systems in many of our buildings we can prevent mass shootings from happeinig if the computer analizes that persons charachter.

However, the downside to using the facial action coding system is that it can malfunction at ny given time. The facial action coding system seems like a creepy concept but, think about it this device could help our society through many ways other than just preveniting mass shootings . As proffesor Dr. Huang states in the article this machine could tell us how a person is feeling about certain things by using this computer. If we used this state of the art technology today companys and buisness could also use this through marketing so that they know what their customers think of their products and what needs to be done to make their company succede. Besides in today's world we already have facial recognition on most phones how cool would it be for our pones to tell us what mood we are in and what we should do to make ourselves live a happy life.

Would the facial action coding system be safe to use? We as a society always want what is best for us and we know that no such product would be released to the product without proper testing and collected data for the next 5 years or more. However, in the near future such technology might exists in many facilities if it doesnt already exist for testing.

We all want to know how our friends are feeling when they facetime us and they tell us they are okay but they are really not the facial action coding system can help us by telling us that their is something wrong with them so that we as a good friend can help each other out.

The facial action coding system will play a major contribution to our society those who support this project stand up for your beliefs as it is your freedom to support what is good. We need to stop things that can be prevented from happening sucha as suicide help us make a better society and support our foundation to make a better America.