When people in a group share ideas it will make them find an idea easier. I think that the best way to find ideas is by doing a group project and taking time to talk about your ideas as a group. Also when talking to other people you could think of stuff that no one has thought of before something completely new.

First off, when you work in a group but you don't talk over ideas you are in a lot of trouble. So if you are doing a group project for science where you have to think of a design and you personly does not have any ideas you and your group partners can talk about an idea and all togeither can settle on one. Also talking about ideas will also make it easier to complete the project too. Also even if you are doing a project by yourself you can still go to the other groups and ask what they are doing and without sealing their idea you can get ideas of your own.

Secondly, when you talk about ideas with more than one person you will be able to talk to people better. If you are a shy and quiet person and you work in a group you will gain better people skills because you are telling other people your ideas and hear other ideas from a couple of differant people. Also if you are a quiet person and you work in a group and you tell people your ideas you will see that your ideas are good and aren't bad. Also when you are telling people ideas if you don't have many friends you can make friends by telling your ideas and hearing theirs you can see if you and them think the same.

Thirdly, if you are in a group and you are having trouble desiding on a final desion you can always combined the ideas to make one big group idea. Also if your group is having trouble coming up with an idea you can have a group descution with your teacher so you and your group can come up with an idea faster ecspecily if you are falling behind compaired to the other groups. If you and your group are having trouble coming up with ideas you could also watch Youtube to get insperation or you could after school go on a walk and see if you get ideas from nature.

In conclusion, if you are working in a group doing a project and you need ideas talking about ideas is the best way to go.