Should teachers or students be the ones creating designing the summer projects? Summer projects are created to help the students better retain the information from the previous school year. On one hand the students might want to design the project based on what they want to do, and on the other hand the teacher might want to design the project to make sure that the students study what they are meant to. I say the teachers should be the ones that are in charge of designing the summer projects for students because, the the teachers could keep the curriculum well rounded, in the be much easier for the teachers and the students to follow the rubric while either grading or working, and if need be teachers could alter or personalize the projects to better suit an individuals or groups lack of knowledge of a specific unit.

If teachers were the ones designing the summer projects than they could put a little bit of everything from the previous years curriculum. Students who already know one subject extremely well wouldn't be able to just do the entire summer project on that an forget the rest of it. Students would retain the information much better if the projects weren't focused on just one subject but all of them. They would recall the material as they worke on small portions of the units in the projects. Coming the next the students would be better prepared to continue learning new material.

If teachers were to design the projects they would be able to creat a rubric. Students who had to work on the projects could then better follow exactly what they were supposed to complete and review. The project would be easier to finish if they had a rubric to check to see if they were on the right track. Once the summer project is due and turned in to the teacher, the grading process would be quicker and easier. The teacher could check off sections of the rubric to see if a student did a part correct or not. The grading would be done faster so the teacher could move on to more inmortant things like the current school year.

Say a student was strugling in a couple subjects of the material from the previous year. A teacher could design the summer project to better help the student learn the information to move on the next school year. The teacher could even put different people into groups in order for the students to learn together and figure out the problems by themselves for better information retention.

Teachers designing summer projects would help the summer projects stay well balanced in the information, easier for the both the students and the teachers, and better for peronalized learning for the students. Summer projects are meant for the students to learn and recall the material so why not give students the best learning experuence while doing it. For a project to be easier and much more helpful goes a long way in helping a student succeed. Isn't that what the summer project is all about? 