Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I strongly feel that cell phones should be allowed in school because we need them. For example, The student body can use the cell phones to help each other with directions of where to go if they are lost. Another example is that The students can talk to each other across the room if they are not allowed to talk to each other. Our school, boys and girls cant sit with each other. My final reason why i feel that cell phones should be allowed in school is so that if the student or students have an emergency, they can text each other or call to say help. In some cases there might be a fight and you can call security before it is to late.

First of all cell phones should be allowed in school so that the students can help each other out with directions. If you are a freshmen or a new kid in the school, it helps to have friends on a phone to help you get around. When our school building was rebuilt and the first day of transition from class to class with no teacher started, I got kind of lost and ended up in the fifth grade wing, not the seventh. If there is a way to get around the schools better, it would be having a friend tell u where to go from where you are at the time.

Cell phones should be allowed so that the students can talk to there buddies during lunch if they cant really talk in person. With this in mind why would you want to band cell phones if we can also learn how to talk properly to each other across cell phones. I mean we cant really talk in the hallways so we want time to catch up. How are we supposed to do that if we cant talk face to face. We can talk with cell phones.

Finally, If cell phones were to not be used at all in schools then how would we be able to get away from a fight and be saved by security if they are on the other side of the building. If we hade cell phones we could. One of our friends ( If you hade any around) can help with the fight. with this in mind how would our families get in touch with us to tell us that they are running late or they are having another family member pick us up. Our parents or whoever we are living with would not like that at all.

As you can see I strongly feel that cell phones should be allowed in school. I feel this was because cell phones can help if we are lost in a school, if we want to talk and we cant or if there is an emergency.

Sincerely and truthfully,

STUDENT_NAME      