The exploration of other planets is crucial when considering the survival of the human race. There are many dangers when it comes to exploring these planets because of different conditions that humans could not survive. The planet best suited though these conditions is Venus. Venus is close to Earth and has a close density and size to Earth. In the passage "The Challenges of Exploring Venus", the author uses different ways to support the claim of further exploration on Venus despite harsh conditions and dangerous obstacles.

In order to convince the reader on why to further explore Venus, the author talks about the benfits to the human race and our survival. In the passage, the authors talks about how close Venus is to Earth and how Venus may have had conditions and life forms similar to Earth's in the past. Scientists can use this information to help the human race survive longer on Earth. The fact that Venus is the most Earth like planet in our solar system means that scientists can learn alot from Venus and this information may apply to Earth.

The dangers of the further exploration of Venus make it almost impossible for human scientists to even consider it, but they are alternative options. One option the author states is rather than going to the surface of Venus, staying at a high altitude so the weather and harsh landscape conditions will not bother or kill scientists. This avoids the thick, crushing atmosphere, the high tempertures, volcanoes, dangerous lightning storms, and all other factors that make exploring Venus questionable and uncertain. One obstacle that this creates though is the fact that scientists will not be able to collect rock or land samples.

Since Venus's atmosphere is so dense, light can not go through it. This means pictures and videos will not be able to help scientist observe the landscape of Venus. Scientists could use modern technology, but the radiation and acids in the atmosphere would quickly destroy the fragile new technology. To overcome this obstacle the author suggests the use of mechanical computers. These machines are not like modern technology where they are fast and reliable, but fragile. Mechanical computers use gears and levers and do not need electronics in order to work properly. These can be used to gather data from the landscape of Venus and help scientists.

While exploring Venus presents many dangers and seems impossble, the overall outcome seems to be quite beneficial. The author of this passage presents many details and plans to make the exploration of Venus seem possible.