What if you could always tell how someone is feeling? Well now you can! There is a new system of computer coding that reads your facial expressions called FACS, Facial Action Coding System. This new system is mainly used for detecing if someone is lying, or even used in the painting of Mona Lisa. But, this new system could even be used in schools.

The computer would have online lessons for a student and would be able to track their emotions based on their facial expressions. In the passage it says, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." If a student were bored with the lesson they were learning about, the lesson would change. Students would be more encouraged to go to school if they got to learn about something they thought was interesting. Kids would have more willpower to go to school and learn.

Another reason why schools should use this system is because test grades would start to increase. As kids are trying harder on their work because it is something they enjoy, they will start trying harder on tests. Most kids do not give much thought on their work in class which overall leads to bad test grades. If kids told their teachers they were bored with the assignment they were learning, the teacher would not just stop teaching and change to a different topic, but a computer would. The passage says, "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor."

However, there is a downside to the system. If the computer is doing all the teaching, why would we need teachers? Kids would start to lose the interest in their teachers. As kids enjoy the fun technology of getting to choose their own lesson, they would stop listening to the teachers when they teach about something they think is boring. If everyone is doing their lessons online, there would be no reason to keep teachers, and they would all lose their job.

Although there are some flaws to the system, it is a very good idea to the world. It is a very intact source that could help a lot of people. Students would really start trying and would do a lot better in school. This system of technology would be very valuable in the school system. 