In today's educational system for students across the country most students have a three month summer break at the end of the year.

While this is full of fun and vacations, some schools also assign summer projects for the students to complete over their break.

Most of the time however, the students are given the projects by teachers with little to no choice on the project.

The era of students not having their own voice and not being able to design these summer projects needs to come to an end.

Students should be able to design their own summer projects because it would provide a wider range of options for the students, students would put more time and effort into their project, and the students will not actually feel like they are doing a project.

Students not being allowed to design their own summer projects really limits them and their abilities.

The students are not able to branch out and be creative towards their own project, but instead must follow a base format that the teacher designed for them.

Students having the privilege to design their own summer projects will provide them a wider range of options to choose from, like a sport they enjoy, and allow them to be more creative.

The students can design a project around themselves they feel they can complete and succeed on.

This would prove much better than a student trying to complete a teacher designed project in which the students may not even know what to do for the project.

Student designed summer project would prove better in the long run because the students can express themselves and design a project they feel passionate about.

Teachers today finds at times that when a student turns in a project they were assigned over the summer it appears to have no effort put towards it, and it was completed last minute.

Most of the time this is because the teachers designed the projects and the students did not really care for it.

If students were able to design their own summer projects teachers would see more effort and time put into these projects by the students.

Students would feel more motivated and put towards more effort in a project they were able to design which would bring them a better sense of accomplishment.

A project designed by themselves would excite the students more and students would feel more inspired to do their best on it thus providing a much better product for the teachers to evaluate.

Some may argue today that teachers should keep designing these summer projects for the students because they are the teachers.

Some individuals argue that students should accept the assignment and complete it because it is their job to do so.

In fact however, if students were able to design their own project they may not even feel like they are doing a project.

Given the freedom students would have access to when designing their own project, the students may not even look upon it as a project but more as just an activity they are doing through the summer.

Students would be able to design whatever project they want and if they design a project they enjoy doing, then they will not feel like they are dreading on the project throughout the summer.

This would be the opposite if a teacher were to design the projects for students thus students would feel like they are working on a project and dread upon it the whole summer break.

Students today do not have the freedom they deserve when it comes to projects, especially summer ones.

Students should be able to design their own projects for the summer because it is their summer and not the teacher's.

Allowing the students to design their own projects would provide students a wider range of options for the project, students would put more time and effort into their project, and the students will not actually feel like they are doing a project.

Teachers should allow the students to design their own projects also because it would be interesting for the teachers as well to see what some students may create.

When September rolls around the students should be able to look back on their summer and not feel as if they were forced to do a project they did not enjoy, and the teachers should be able to assess these as well and feel the same.  