If you are struggling to figure out what to wear to an important job interview, would you rather ask for advice from a single person or multiple people? The obvious answer is to ask for multiple peoples advice to receive more people inputs and opinions on the decision. The outcome of a dilemma is normally benevolent if you seek multiple opinions because there will be many diverse opinions provided, there is a higher chance that at least one of the people you talk to have been in your position, and by talking to more then one person you can tell if the person giving advice has positive motives for helping you.

Firstly only asking for advice from one person is only going to allow you to achieve a narrow minded thought process. You will only be thinking about one possible solution, blind to the fact that there are endless possibilities. People all have different perspectives, experiences and beliefs, meaning that they all have different ways of examining a problem and looking for a solution. So if you take advice from a variety of people they may be able to notice possibilities you had not even thought about. I have been in a situation where I was trying to save up money for my sister's birthday. I thought that I would never be able to save up enough money for her gift, but after asking for advice from my parents and other siblings by putting all of there ideas together I was able to think of a solution to save enough money for my sisters gift.

Also by increasing the amount of people you ask advice from, the chance of talking to someone who has been in a similar position to you increases. This can help them find an easier way to help you since they already have an understanding of your position. They may be able to use their own solution, from there experiences, and adapt it to your situation to help you make better decisions. Therefore giving you much more useful advice then if you were to come up with a solution without someone who understands your position.

Lastly there is a possibility that if you only ask one person for advice they may purposefully give awful advice for their own selfish maleficent reasons. They may also try to take advantage of the fact that you are going to be influenced by the advice they give you, and make you have doubts about what you are doing is wrong. There have been moments in my life where I have seen people try to sabotage my chances by giving me terrible opinions. But by asking for multiple peoples opinion I was able to weed out the unhelpful advice.

In conclusion by asking for advice from multiple people the chances of you making better choices will increase. The result of a dilemma is normally benevolent if you seek multiple opinions because there will be many positions given to you, there is a higher chance that one of the people have been in your situation and by talking to more then one person you can make sure the person giving advice doesnt have any hidden intentions. These are all reasons on why taking advice from several people can have a better outcome on your decision.