I believe the author article can be supported with his/her study and details. In my option I think that trying to explore further into the idea of entering Venus's atmosphere might be dangerous; however, it could lead to a whole new story and new exploration. Taking the time to figure a way to land on Venus safely will take time, the technology and spaceship that would be used to enter Venus atmosphere will need to be excellant, and it might take risk on peoples lives trying to enter and explore a whole new planet.

Scientist often referr Earth's "Twin" as Venus because it is the closest plalnet to Earth in terms of density and size, quoted in paragraph 2. If Venus is very similar to Earth, it could mean that life could live on Venus such as how life lives on Earth to this day. "Long ago, Venus was probably cover largely wit oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth" (Paragraph 4). This shows that scientist have perdicted theories over Venus and are still currently trying to solve and prove their theory. Finding a way to get to Venus is the problem we have here on Earth. In the text it states "Each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours" (paragraph 2). This shows that Venus is very different than the Planet we live on and it will take time to create a space shuttle that is well fit to enter Venus's atmospere.

The technology and spaceshuttles have not been made or designed to enter an atmosphere so powerful yet. "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus" (paragraph 3). The information that scientists are finding on Venus is amazing and will help other scientist find ways to design a spaceshuttle to get through the blanket of Venus. Venus has a very hot surface level of 90 times greater than the surface level than the Earth. We need to discover a way to allow our spaceships to under go the high pressure that it would have to go through to enter Venus.

NASA has one issue that they struggle on besides buildling the spaceships that they would want to send to Venus. That struggle is sending a human to Venus, and not knowing what will happen on the trip there. Is it worth risking a life to explore or not sending anyone and forget about this whole experiment? If I had to pick, my answer would be Yes. I believe that finding a new Planet that life could live on just like Earth could continue the species of mankind. No man has under gone more pressure than the Earth's atmosphere, and Venus atmosphere could destroy anything that we create that enters its atmosphere including a human if we sent them.

In conclusin, I believe it is worth continuing to study and figure a way to have a spaceshuttle land in the planet of Venus. Eventually when it is safe and we have solved how to create a safe space shuttle that a human can survive and enter Venus. Being able to explore Venus and find ways to live on the planet could start a new way of life for mankind. 