The Challenge of Exploring Venus talks about scientist thoughts about exploring Venus. They send spacecrafts but they didn't last more than a few hours. In this article the author inform us about point of studing Venus despite the danger; scientists find this planet challenging and important.

The author inform us how fascinate are scientifics about Venus, the planet has a really familiar suface and features. Nowadays they are working more on developing secure coditions to travel there. Scientifics are curious even more "Many researchers are working on innovatios that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus".(Paragraph 6).Venus is an important planet and is close to our solar system this makes scientifics more curious. If they develop more machines they will be able to search more information that can help them to be aware of the danger. The author explains the danger they can put themselves into but they want to examine all closely. Venus has palces where people can live too and the Sun is close to them, this is what makes it more important.

The author also talks about the risks but they want to visit and explore more about this "Evening Star". Venus will not limit their challenges even if Venus has the hottest surface of all and that is extreme to humans."Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has vale, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors"(Paragraph 8).Scientist know about all the danger they are putting themselves into but they want to know more. The quote demostrates that even if it is dangerous they want to satisfy their curiosity and maybe send people there. Because Venus is really close to us maybe they can form part of the Earth as other living planet.

In this article they talk about evry risk and how important it is form them to investigate more about Venus. They want a planet near to us and with good conditions for maybe people. Maybe in the future they will finally reach their goal and we will travel to other places out of the normal world we are use to. If they reach their goal that will be a important part of the NASA history it will be beyond expectations. 