Asking others for their opinion can be very helpfull and give a new insight as to what is going on. When doing a task you are given you normally have a pretty good idea of what is going on and the direction you want to go. But, it never hurts to hear the opinions of others because they may have a great idea you never would have thought of. This will only benefit you and can help you improve what you are working on in the future.

This is why companies hire many workers because having more people brings in new ideas and more thought process on things they are working on and trying to acomplish. For example the president doesnt just work by himself, he has many people to give him ideas and ask what needs to be done. These people are the Vice President and his cabinet and without them the president would have to do everything by him self. Another reason it may be good to get opinions from others is so that things may be less sided. For example in our country the legeslative branch is a bipolar form of congress meaning that there are two houses. The House of Representatives and the Senate. No law can be passed if it doesnt get a majority in both of them. This sets things up so that many people want that law to be passed so it benefits mny people. The same thing goes for a project or a paper. Asking others what they think will give more ideas and other views or opinions that may be better than the current ones you have so that you can get more thing acomplished, and lead to other great ideas in the future.

Have you ever thought of how the telephone, the lightbulb, tha car and many other revolutionary inventions have been created? Do you think somebody just woke up one morning, had some bacon and made those? The answer is no. It takes a long time with many opinions and ideas to create great inventions such as those. For example the creator of the lightbulb Thomas Eddison saw that many were working on the lightbulb but could not find much success. But Thomas Eddison did because even though he himslef was a genius he looked at what others were doing, and what others had done in the past, used some of there ideas that had some success and along with some help from one of his Co-workers he created the lightbulb which completley changed the world forever. After that others looked at his succes and kept improving it to the lightbulb we all use today. The same thing then happened with the creator of the telephone. He and his co-worker worked with eachother and gave there best ideas as to what they thought would work best and tested it many times. After working hard for a long time of working together and improving it it finally worked. After many revisions from others of the original one we have the phone that many Americans have in there pockets today that you no longer need to have hooked into a wall in order to call someone. You can be wherever you want, whenever you want to call somebody and tht is truly amazing. This would not be possible though without the opions and ideas of many others. So why not just ask someone for help?

It doesnt take very long to go ask a parent or call a freind up and ask for them to read and revise a paper or assignment you have. For example there have been many times were I am done with a paper but without the help from somebody else I have summited it and later found out that there were many errors or things I could have done better on in the paper. This impacted my grade and could have been resolved if I had just gone downstairs to ask my dad to take 10 minutes to read over it. My father is also a more expirenced writer than I am so it helped to have him revise my paper. I also learned what and what not to do in my writing in the future which has helped me greatly. Now I continue to have someone look over my work because it doesnt hurt me to have another person looking over it and can ony benefit me and give me new ideas. I then use those ideas and keeep building on them like the greatest inventors and leaders have to keep improving my writing and other assignments that I need to do.

Even the smartest of us like the President and Thomas Eddison have someone that helps and gives them a second opinion so why shouldnt you? So next time you go to turn in a paper for English class just take a second and ask somebody to help you out. It has benefited me in school and outside of school and I know it will help you aswell. It cant hurt and it will help you learn from your mistakes to gain more knowledge at whatever you are doing and will help you become a better writer in the future. 