Everyone thinks that the "Face" on Mars was actually created by aliens, but that sounds crazy. Sorry everyone, but actually, it's just a landform. You may not believe it right now. It's true though. I'm here to tell you how it is not created by aliens.

In 1976, NASA took a "MGS image" and people who saw it, thought it was a face. People also thought it was created by aliens, but it wasn't. A few days after NASA had the picture, they let everyone see it and according to the article, the caption noted a "huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by the shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose and mouth." The Face was just a rock that was not formed by aliens.

People may think it is formed by aliens because, how else would it get there? Or, why would it just randomly look like that? Although the picture does show a human-like face in the structure, they took another picture in 1998 showing that it is just a landform. Also, in the article, a man named Garvin states that he has saw similar landforms that look like the Face around the American West. "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho," says Garvin. "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars." If there are similar things on Earth, it has to be a landform.

I'm going to make this clear that it is just a landform. In 1998, an MGS flew onto Mars again and took another picture. According to the article, "Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." In 2001, NASA also sent another MGS to Mars, still no alien monument, just a landform. Even when the Face was a popular trend, defenders of the NASA budget wished there was an ancient civilization on Mars, but there wasn't.

I hope this information helped people understand that it is just a landform. I didn't mean to crush anyone's hopes and dreams, but it's just proof, and science! It's crazy, isn't it? That something that seems so real, just isn't. It's still nice to know that Mars has some kind of a development with nature. That's my argument for the debate on the Face on Mars.                           