Yes I agree with this because students need something to do when they are done with their classwork and their tests. All students can participate in a extracurricular activity. For example, they can do sports,and work on the yearbook for next year. Some students might need a break from school and, tests, classwork that they don't know how to do it. All the sprots you can play is soccer, baseball, football, basketball,and some student might like a club to do like drama club, art club, music club, teaching other students how to do some math of they don't know to do it and reading club. You can't students do an activity that they don't like to do , let them pick their club or sports that they might like. It is a good idea for the student to do smething after school or in school. But first they will have do all their work before they pick a club or sports they want to do. Everybody can do a sport or club. In art club you will be drawing picture of people or you can draw your self and paint and color pictures and your can do a art gallery to see who made the best picture and see who was the first to win and who was second to win. If you like soccer you can play agaist other treams and just have fun with everybody and be nice to your treammate. If you like drama your can make videos about make a nice word out to people to let them know that bullying it not good for everybody. If you like reading you caan read to the little kids and tell them some storys. If you like to sing and make your own music, your might have a show . If you like football oryou good at it, your might have game agaist other class. If you good at baseball that might be the sports for you to play and your might paly agaist other students. Ifyou like or you good at it thsi might be the sportsfor you to play and you will play some game with your othe treammate. You can pick any sports you want but their is one thing that need to be done before you pick your sports, you will compete all your work before you pick a sports that you like to play. You can pick 2 sports to play but your work need to be done and all your tests need tobe done. Everybody need a break so they can have fun in the sports ans club to clam down and relax and enjoy your fun. 