Do you ask more than one person for advice. I think that asking more than one person for advice can help you figure out what you really want. If you just ask one person about your problem, he or she can tell you a bad way to handle it, and you'll listen to he or she cause thats the only person you have asked. If you ask more than one person you have all these different suggestions you can choose from, and you can pick the one that sounds the best. You should ask more than one person for advice because you have lots of choices to choose from after seeking advice from others, you are not worried that much anymore, and if you ask one person the outcome won't be good.

You should always ask more than one person. If you ask lots of people for advice about your problem you will have more choices to choose from. By having more choices to choose from you can look at all the advice people told you and see which one is the best or stood out he most to you. Some of the advice you get may be good or bad thats why you ask lots of people. By not asking lots of people you have less choices to choose from.

When you have lots of different choices to choose from you arent that worried anymore. When having lots of different choices to your problem it relives stress. You can get all the thinking of your head, the headaches can all be gone thanks to having a lot of ideas of advice to choose from. Say one of the advises you choose to use to solve your problem dosen't work, you have a lot more so you don't get stressed over it. Getting stressed over something can lead you to not do it anymore and quitting is not the right way to end something.

If you only ask one person for advice on something that will not be good at all. Asking one person for advice is not good because what if there advice is horrible but thats the only person you asked and you go with there idea anyway. If you dont ask other people for advice and just have only option of advice it might not go so well to solving your problem. If the problem your having is a really big problem you probally need to ask lots of people not just one person .

You should ask more than one person cause it will help you with your problem big time. If you ask just one person for advice won't do anything for you. You're less stressed out if you ask more people for advice cause if you ask one person for advice and that advice fails you will get super stressed out. You need to ask at leat like seven people for advice in my opion cause thats enough to see which one rally stands out the most. You should ask more than one person beacuse you have lots of choices to choose from after seeking advice from others, you are not worried that much anymore, and if you ask one person the outcome won't be good.                