Summer break is usually a time for fun and a break from school. Things like partying, vacation, working, and sleep are what most students tend to do on their break. During that time they aren't learning any new material which could cause a lot of problems going into the future. Some schools have started to give students summer projects that will help the students keep learning while on break. I believe those projects should be teacher-designed projects. Having the oppurnity to learn the same way you learn inside school without actually being in school, it gives students guidance and details about what should be done, which makes it easier for students, and would make it easier for the teachers to grade.

Since I was in middle school I have been told that I had summer reading projects to do over my summer break. Summer reading is a teacher-designed project in which I choose a book off of a list, read it, and write an essay on so that they when I go back to school it could be graded by my teacher. Ever since Middle School students would do those projects so they wouldn't have a bad grade when they get back to school. They knew the summer reading project would get brought up and they wouldn't want to start of the new school year wrong. Summer reading helps students in English over the summer because they're reading a whole book and writing an essay on it after. That's basically the exactly same thing that we do in school! Teachers could guide the students through the emails and papers on how do to certain things meaning besides being face to face with the educator; your really just right back in class doing another project.

Giving students something that outlines everything their supposed to do and how they're told to do it will make everything on everybody way easier. For some students it would be hard for them to come up with their own idea and for others it may not. Some students may already have something in their mind but other may not even know where to start. I meaning just making up a project out of thin air is going to be very hard considering we are still young and on summer break. Teacher- designed assignments could make would make it easier for students to know what they need to do all they way down to the detail which would make it easier for students to just do it like its normal. Having something laid out in front of you letting you know how to something will help the student stay focused on learning and help them get a good grade for the upcoming school year. While making them think about their on designed project could lead to stress and probably procrastination. They would have to think about all of their own little details not knowing exactly what their supposed to be aiming for or compare it to. Thats very difficult for a student to do while trying to balance having fun on summer vacation, and more time than none of the time they'll just forget the project and go have fun. Now some people may say that students should learn responsibility, that they should focused on the job at hand and if they don't then they have to face the consequence. But knowing that i've already spent months in schools and i've picked up their traits along the way I am not trying to have to force myself to do anything in the time that I am free from school. Thinking that they've done work all year giving by a teacher in the time they have to do the work why stop now at a time when we don't even have school.

Teachers now-days make most of their worksheets that they give out to the students. If they didn't make it personally then they got it from a website. Here's the thing though teachers make assignment that they know how to complete themselves and that they know how to grade. Having teacher-designed projects makes it some much easier on the teachers. They know how to grade the work, also they know what they are looking for. They aren't just making up random points to make up for certain people based on the type of project they did. They would have a structured organizer to go off of. Making it easier for students to just go with whats being told and easier for the teacher that just has a certain way of grading that can work for all students. Meaning no student can say that was done wrong because the way they were graded. All the students will be graded on the same things making everything clear and straight to the point. Just like it is during the school and which makes the grading promise for worksheet go so smooth.

Having teachers designed projects for students during their summer will all around make things simple for everyone. Teachers can easily continue to do what they've been doing and students can get what they need to pass. Making time for students to still have fun while they are on break while keeping them educated. They are meaning reasons to why teacher desinged is the smartter choice and many reason why its may not be even though I don't think so.                   