Dear principal,

If you decide to only let students with a B average play on sports teams then you would encourage students to do better in school, and also teach them that they should do the best that they can also that their grades shouldn't be lower that a B average. People with a low average should be rewarded doing things that they like to do because then they will think its okay to have low grades because no matter what your going to let them play on the sports teams. That should be a reward to play on the sports team.

Also kids would try harder to in school if you only let B average students play.

You will encourage students to do better by not letting them get away will bad grades and being able to play on a sports team. You would also encourage them by showing them responsibility on doing their work and trying their best to succeed in school. That's really important too. So you'll have more students with a high average then low because most students in school like to play sports and some will do just about anything to be on the teach.

You should reward students for having bad grades and if you let low average students play sports then you'll show them that no matter they do they will get away with not doing work or trying their best. In sports you have to try your best to win in school it's the same because you have to try your best to get the grades you deserve. If you reward students with low grades doing sports then they aren't trying their best or getting the grade they deserve.

You'll have more students with a good grade then you will with a bad grade because if you reward students with good grades then you'll get more students wanting to get better in school then you will if you just let students with bad grades play sports.

I hope you that you will see that it would be better if you let students with a B average play because then your going to have students want to do better so they can play sports in school. Also the students would learn to be responsible for their work and they would also learn that if they try their best then they would get the grade they really do deserve.

Thank You,

Student