Driving Safe

Drivers should not be able to use their phone and any device while operating a vehicle. The driver should be focused on the road and nothing else for that matter. Driving is a privilege for everyone and should be taken away if they take advantage of it. Cars were not invented until the late 19th century (1885 to be exact) People use to use a horse and buggy to get along or they would just walk. Now we have cars instead of the buggys. As stated before, it is a privilege.

Car accidents were not as bad as they are now. Back then, they did not have all of these distractions as we do now. Like the ones we have at our fingertips. Cell phones are really big now; everyone owns one and everyone uses them. With that distraction right by the driver at all times, it is going to be very tempting to pick it up and look at it. They made new laws that were passed a year ago about using a device while driving. It is called the hands free law. This law was passed in 14 states. Also, in 38 states they have banned the use of cellphones while driving.

Did you know ruffley 1.6 million crashes happen annually, queueing up to nearly 390,000 injuries each due by texting and driving. One out of every four car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving. All due to the drivers using their cell phones while driving. It is not hard to drive and not touch or pick up your cell phones; just that habit we all picked up over time.

Driving can be safe again when the cell phones are put up. Driving with them on us is too much of a temptation for us. There needs to be a way to have a safer life. There should be a car designed for your phone. You put your phone in or on something and that way, it's out of your reach. Plus, it starts your car that way if you pick it up the car will come to a safe stop.

Eliminating the risk of the driver wrecking the car in doing so hurting themselves and or others.

That is one way to help with this cell phone driving problem.

In conclusion, there are many awful reasons that driving with a cellular device is bad. It can cause injuries and in some cases, death. It is a privilege to be driving and so for us to take advantage of it, it's not ok. And to put others and yourself in harm's way, it is not what you agree to when you take on the responsibility of driving. People should not be able to drive and use a cellular device at the same time.   