"All of our development since World War II has been centered on a car, and that will have to change," said David Goldberg, an official of Transportation for America. To some or most a stament like this may seem outlandish or absurd. We use cars for daily life, to make it through this world, whether its to work, school, the store, it seems almost impossible to live without one. Vauban, Germany is an upscale community of suburban pioneers who have simply given up their vehicles. As many as 70 percent of Vauban's famalies do not own cars. Heidrun Walter, a resident and mother of two, says she is "much happier this way". So what it is that has caused many communites like Vauban to take the advantage of living without a car? Green House gases better known as smog, that is polluting our air that we breathe.

In some places like the beloved Paris, home of the Eiffel Tower, smog has gotten out of hand. Paris has even enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. After 4,000 drivers were fined and twenty seven had their cars impounded for their claimed reaction to the fine, the congestion was finally down 60 percent. Beijing, China, known for being the most polluted cities in the world the smog rivals. You might even see people wearing masks in Beijing for their own health and safety.

Bogota, Colombia has caught on and spread this idea to other countries as well. For the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis allowed for a Day Without Cars. Not even rain or shine stopped Colombians from traveling accordingly. Instead of being pessimistic about traveling alternatively most Colombian see it as a good opprutunity to take away stress and lower smog. So, imagine a day without cars in the bustling city of our own, maybe like Detroit. Well it seems that President Obama is catching on.

Recent studies suggest a drop in Americans getting licenses', buying cars, and driving all together as years pass. The number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and is dropping from there steadily. Could it be that Americans love for cars is simply not what it used to be? Or is it that more alternate and practical ways of travel are now being provided and accepted widely? Either way if our country keeps up the good work sociologist believe it will have "beneficical implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment". Meaning we are one step closer to riding our home planet of dirty air.                        