Many people question why we use the Electoral College instead of the popular vote.  They think it's outdated irrational but we have been using this system for 100 of years.  The Electoral College is a fair way to elect the president.

Certainly, the Electoral College has some flukes.  Using the Electoral College system "your not voting for the president, but for a slate of electors," asserted Bradford Plumer, author of The Indefensible Elecotral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of system are wrong.  Instead of voting directly towards the future president; the citizens are voting for the states electors for that party.  What if it's a tie? "Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote," Plumer claimed.  If it's a tie it is no longer up to the people, but it moves on to the House of Representatives and they decide.  In the contrary, both parties select a slate of electors in trust to vote for the nominee and the trust is rarely betrayed.  Also, there hasn't been many times of when the vote comes down to a tie.  Therefore, the Electoral College should not be changed.

Above all, the Electoral College is fair and doesn't spark up as many disputes as popular vote.  Richard A. Posner, author of In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President remarks, "a dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible-it happened in 2000- but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote."  It is less likely because the winner-take-all technique even the smallest range of votes turns into a landslide.  "A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible, but it is highly unlikely."  Even though the Electoral vote consists of 538 votes there is a possibility of a tie.  The overall vote for each party would both have to equal 269 votes.  Proof shows the Electoral College is fair.

Furthermore, the Electoral College doesn't have a majority vote.  Plumer claims, "the Electoral College avoids the porblem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast."  This exemplifies why the Electoral College has more fairness then the popular vote.  If there isn't a majority vote the people are voting on what they truly believe.  "Voters  in the presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who thinkg that a single ovte may decide an election,"  Plumer asserts.  People voting don't just vote for the fun of it.  They vote because they want a president who can make their lives better.

In final consideration, the election of the president should be casted by the Electoral College.  It is clear that the Electoral College is the better choice because we have used it ever since it was created.  Why change it now?         