Yes I am with the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions.

I am with it because it would get to know the students better and make them into a better person. It could also help you be on task more and not be distracted by the little things you see.

I see it could help from these evidence in the artical because right here it says "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored". In that sentance it is saying that a classroom computer is knowing when a student is confused or bored I think if a computer knew exactly when that was I think it would be pretty cool. Going into the computer and the computer knowing what you are and who you are and how you deal with your life is pretty rare to do.

Another way I strongly agree on is for instance you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on there face right?

of course but image a computer doing the same thing. Dr. haung ovserves that artist such as da vinci studied a human anantomy to hlep them paint facial muscles precisely enought to convey the most important emotions. Others think on how you feel the first day is how you will feel the 2nd day and then its just gonna keep going until you need or get help. What if somebody was getting mentily abused from somebody cruel and rude and they did not say anything to anyone. Well thats why we got the computer to help us out and it would tell us how it really felt on who they are.

Helping others out could really benefit somebodys life in alot of ways. Techology would really need more and more advice from other companys. in paragraph 3 it says " The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face and all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles". Im that sentace it is talking about more of the muscles than computers.

Then test on the humans to see if they are showing "emotional expressions". You may be able to test there musscles and if they are hard and twich alot it shows that they are lieing or if they just relax and let it go through like you should it would show the truth.

A conclution of this is that my opinion i think we should have it around earth because I think we as people need to help others if they are having bad problems with there lives so thats why we need the computer to test them out and see how they are doing with it. Dr Paul Echman has classified six basic emotions of happiness , suprise , anger , disgust , fear or sadness and this computer could tell you what you are if you would do the test. 