The Electoral College should remaining our countries voting system when deciding whom the president of the United States will be. The Electoral College is a process our founding fathers established as a compromise between election of the President by a popular vote made by citizens (Source 1, paragraph 1). Citizens elect electors who will then elect the president. This system is affective in many ways and shall not be abolished. These electors are concious of every decision they make when deciding on our president and are here to look at things we may overlook. They are here to help us make the most affective decision. Afterall, this is an enormous decision. It is the decision of whom the president of our country will be.

The Electoral College has 538 electors and a majority of 270 electoral votes are required to elect the President (Source 1, paragraph 3). After the preisdential election, your governor prepares a "Certificate of Ascertainment." This lists the candidates whom ran for president in your state and the names of their respective electors. It is a well organized and thought-out process. This process helps us make the best decision as a country on whom our future president will be.

In source 2, paragraph 13, it states "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend much time in states they know they have no chance of winning in." Candidates don't take their time in these states because they don't want their beliefs and ideas shut down. They spend some time in these states. The electors for each state help them vote wisely, therefore the absence of presence by these candidates should not be a big ordeal. People want to abolish the Electoral College due to citizens not being able to vote for the president yet they do not realize what this system has provided for us. It provides organization and avoids many, many problems that would likely take place without the Electoral College.

In source 3, paragraph 20, discusses how voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign due to the fact they have recieved the most information and attention from the candidates. These voters are the most thoughtful and should be the ones deciding the election. Also, in paragraph 22, (also in source 3) it states how there is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast. That pressure is reduced by the Electoral College because it produces and reveals a clear winner.

The Electoral College was created many years ago and has brought organization to our voting system. Why should we try to fix something that is not broken? Changing the system would be illogical. Electors are wiser at making these final decisions than we are. Wwe deserve an input, which we can all agree we recieve, but we shouldn't make the final decisions of our country aimlessly. Electors are people who know exactly what to look for in a president and they are more knowledgable on the subject. The Electoral College is the wisest process we can use in electing our presidents.    