The Facial Action Coding System, I think is a great piece of technology to have in a classroom. The feedback you receive from this system can help the teachers enhance their teaching mechanics in the classroom to get the students to interact more. It can help the teachers see which teaching mechanics need changed or improved and it can help set future classes to become more motivating and exciting. I'm sure that this type of technology will be very useful in the future. This generation is relying on technology a lot and I think that this technology piece will be beneifial to learning in the years ahead of us.

Feedback from the Facial Action Coding System can be a great tool to teacher's mechanics or teaching habits in the classroom. This can be because this tool can detect more than a teacher can and also can produce more feedback then a regular teacher can, but don't get me wrong, teachers are wonderful. The text states," A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." This shows that computers can be very helpful. Dr. Huang has done a marvelous job with this design.

Like I've said before the FACS can modify or help the teachers or lesson to become a more effective lesson to the students. The FACS can detect which muscles are being used in your facial expression and use that detection to make a more effective lesson for the students. The text states," The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. Movement of one or more muscles is called an action unit." The text also states," Eckman has classified six basic emotions-happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness-and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. This explains that the FACS is very productive and is promising.

The FACS can improve the classes and the classrooms. It can also help set a better stage for teaching. This can produce ideas that people can bring to the classroom to seem more inviting and get more students that want to learn and can be excited while learning. The text shows that the FACS detects emotions that can be received by teachers and from there they can modify their teaching or better yet make the classroom and better and a enthusiatic place to learn. The FACS is very useful and detects emotions very well. The text also states," Using video imagery, the new emotion-recognition software tracks these facial movements-in a real face or in the painted face of Mona LIsa. By weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions (as in da Vinci's masterpiece). Each expression is compared against a neutral face (showing no emotion)." This just shows how outstanding the FACS is and how useful it can become within schools throughout the world.

In conclusion I feel that the FACS can be very benificial in the classroom and this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is very valuable. Feedback from the FACS can enchance the teacher's ability to teach in a more exciting classroom. It can help the teachers see which teaching mechanics need changed or improved and it can help set future classes to become more motivating and exciting. These are reasons why I believe that further action in this department is more than neccassary for our classrooms. As a student myself, there are some classes that could use a little more excitement. This can improve the work ethic of students and maybe more students won't skip school, because school then w il be exciting and will be a better learning environment.