Driverless Cars sounds like a good idea, or is it a safe idea? Something that you can just sit in and the car will let you relax but you nedd to watch out for accidemts and traffic situations. Is that really neccesary? How much money are you wasting? I am aganist the development of these cars because there's no point for them.

First of all, I am against the development of these cars because there's no differences between a driverless car and a manual car. Both car's still can cause accidents to people, either driving and not. Not only that, the driver still have to be alert to the road either way too like paragraph 8 says, " Safety is a big concern." If driveless cars get into accidents, just like maual-driven cars, then there's no reason for these cars if we're just gonna get hurt driving them like regular cars now.

Also, It is also a really whole lot of money. I mean, It cost more than the regular-driven cars, especially the sensors and radars on the driveless vehicle. Paragraph 8 in the article says, "It cost $200 million for a radar device on a hilltop," and no telling how much is it for a car with sensors, a radar, and it can drive by itself. I mean, some people might be able to afford that, like the rich people, but what about the poor? Are they lefted with the regular driven cars, or are they gonna make the price of the driveless cars as much of a regular car?

Don't get the wrong idea though, it's a great idea. Letting a car drive by itself with the driver on the wheel, and also, the car can find Its way to the driver's destination, or place, It's a perfect idea. Although, there not safe, and there expensive. Before the creators put the driveless vehicles on sale on the car sale businesses, like Nissan, or Ford, they should add more safety features, and make it more cheaper so most people with a driver lincense can have one.

In conclusion, I am against Driveless vehicles because there's no difference in the driveless cars and a manual car, and they are a waste of money. Driveless vehicles need to be all the way safe to drive in and don't cost a lot either. The maker's of these cars need to be sure that everything about the car is ok too. It's not a bad idea either, its a perfect one. Just make sure it's not a waste of money or time.             