Should we as students learn from home or school ?. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I strongly disagree with this because some students would not attend the classes from home, some students can cheat on a test or quiz while they are at home, and the final reason is that this can make teachers lose their jobs as teaching and make some students drop out of school.

Many people believe that learning at home by a way of online or video conferencing is a great idea to attend classes from home. In my opinion, It's a bad idea because some students would not attend their classes from home. For example, students can wake up late for these online classes and forget about them throughout the whole day. In another case students won't do anything at home because they are at home relax and doing nothing but, just watching tv and playing video games. What if a student gets sick at home ? they won't do the work that is due while they are at home, some while take like the whole week off and not do anything at all. That's my first reason why we shouldn't attend school from home.

My second reason why students shouldn't attend classes from home is because some studennts can cheat on a test or quiz while they are at home. For example, students can search up the answers on online or use textbooks to help them out at home. I say this because they will use the internet or a textbook because they know that there's no teacher watching them cheat on the test or quiz while they are at home taking it. Students always find a way to cheat and plus if they take a test or a quiz at home, they are for sure going to cheat on it because they know that there isn't any teachers telling them to put their phones away or notes. That's my second reason why we shouldn't attend school from home.

My final reason why students shuldn't attend classes from home is because this can make teachers lose their jobs as teaching and make some students to drop out of school. For example, what if students don't attend their classes at home and also what if the ones that actually do their work do bad on it ?. Teachers can be balme for this because the way they teach it throughout online or video conferencing. This puts teachers in a bad situtation because that means they are not doing well while they are teaching online or video conferencing. Another example is, some students can just drop out of school while they do this at home. For example, if they don't do any work at home they might just drop out of school without telling anyone. Students can give up easily and just contiune their life without any education. That's my final reason why students shouldn't attend classes from home.

In conclusion, some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I strongly disagree because some students would not attend the classes from home, some students will cheat on a test or quiz while they are home, and the final reason is that this can make teachers lose their jobs as teaching and make some students to drop out of school. So in my case you should talk with your principle about this offer, unless there's a sicknees happening throughout the world and it's making school to shut down and do online classes.                           