Is there any advantages of limiting car usage? Whether it's for the environment or even your health, there are some advatages that overall can help you. Lets be honest, cars aren't cheap and i don't really see them getting any cheaper but walking from point A to point B is free. It's kind of like killing two birds with one stone, by walking you save the environment from the gas you would be burning and you're saving money at the same time.

Limiting or even completly getting rid of driving can help you become a happier or even tense free person. Driving a vehicle, escpecially on a congested highway or road can create road rage causing you to become more stressful and aggrivated. In a suburb in Germany, residents there are giving up their cars, something they have never done before. They seem to be working efficiently without their cars, still being able to go to the store and work. It seems that they like this way of life better, stress free and no worrys of getting stuck in traffic. Like what Heidrun Walter explained in source one, she said "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." People are so infactuated with the thought of driving and cars but they don't realize that driving all the time is effecting your health. Personally, I think it's some of the reason as to why there is so much obesity in this world.

Not only is driving all the time bad for your health but it's also bad for the environment. Paris had a problem with there being so much smog, that they actually had to enforce a partial ban from driving. The partial ban was working, it was said in source 2 that after five days of intensifying smog, congestion went down 60 percent in the capitol of France. The partial ban worked with trying to clear out the smog to help the environment so well that the French party rescind the ban for odd numbered plates on tuesday's. Source 3 explained that in Columbia they were going on there third year of cars being banned except for buses and taxis. Just like in Germany people seemed to being adjusting and liking the idea of no cars on the roadway. A business man named Carlos Arturo Plaza, said that "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" referring to Columbias third year of banning cars.

Even if you just have to go right down the street, people hop in there cars and go, when in fact you can just walk. An official of Transportation for America,David Goldberg, expressed about how depended we are on vehicles. He said "All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change." And change is what seems to be exactly happening. In source 4 it was said that there seemed to be a decline in America's love affair with their vehicles. According to Doug Short, who is apart of an investment research comapany said that "When adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter." Maybe people are starting to realize that you don't necessarily need to drive and that it's more of previlge then a must.                    