Do you ever wonder why people may seek multiple opinions on something? having multiple opinions could benefit you in many ways. Maybe you dont know very much about a topic but a friend does. Or maybe you just ask multiple people to reassure yourself. some people might also give you bad advice on purpose. Thats why seeking multiple opinions could lead to better advice, help you make better choices for yourself, and give you a more educational answer.

One way having multiple opinions can help you is by receiving better advice. For example, a friend gives you advice and you are not sure so you go and ask someone who knows more about the topic. Or maybe when you're doing an group assignment for school and you nor your group knows the answer to a problem so you decide to ask a peer that understands it more. One last way is that not everyone wants the best for you so people may give you bad advice on purpose. Thats why having multiple opinions can help you receive better advice.

Multiple opinions could help you make a better choice as well. There is always going to be people in your life that don't want the best for you and they might persuade you do do stupid things. So having at least one close person to go to so you can talk about your problems can help you make better choices for yourself. For example, your friends are going somewhere or doing something that you don't feel comfortable doing but they are pressuring you to go and telling you its a good idea. Thats why having multiple opinions could help you make better choices for yourself.

Last but not least multiple choices could help you receive a more educational answer. You cannot expect people to know everything but you can try and receive the most educational answer possible. For example, taking advice from only one person all the time isn't going to help you very much if they don't know a lot about the subject. A good friend is someone that you can relate too. Because if you have friends you cannot relate to then talking to them about problems basically useless because they will never know how to help. Thats why multiple opinions can lead to a more educational answer.

In conclusion, having multiple opinions on situations can benefit you you in many ways. So i believe that having multiple people to talk to isn't a bad thing, but you should always have one close person that understands you the most. Having people in your life that don't give good advice won't help you in the long run as well. You want to have multiple people to go to so you can figure out the best solution. All of these are reasons why having multiple opinions can give you better advice to reassure yourself, help you make better choices when you might not know what to do, and give you a more educational answer on a topic that someone doesnt know much about.