A student goes to school to learn, but the school does not have any special learning equipment. There are only a few teachers at the school, and only a few students per class. The entire class the student is constantly hearing his phone go off, and mom talking in the background, which causes him to not even understand the work he is doing. Eventually, his dog comes into his room, so he stops working and plays with the dog. He never fully understood what he was working on, so he just looked up and answer key later and copied it. The student was schooling online using distance learning through his school. Distance learning is not beneficial to students because the student does not get the hands on experience they need, the student does not make advancements socially, and the student gets distracted by things in his home very easily.

First, distance learning does not provide the same hands on experience as an in person school. Schools have a lot of special and expensive learning equipment for students to use. Someone from home would simply not have access to these tools, whether it be for financial reasons or because they do not know where to get it. This would hinder the students education very severely. Many students are afraid or unmotivated to do things until they try it, then they know if they love doing it and realize that it is not that bad after all. A student from home might not want to try new things because they have never had to before. This could seriously harm a students learning and even harm their future career path if it is bad enough.

Second, students learning from home do not make the same social advancements as someone going to school. Students that go to school every day are exposed to people all day. They must make relationships, talk to people, and work with people to survive in the environment. At home, this is not the case at all. A student learning online from his home does not need to talk to people constantly, nor does the student need to work with others all day. This causes a lack of social skill in the student. In a workplace, social skills are important, and students learning online may not have those skills so they will be fired or not even hired in the first place.

Third, students learning from home have enormous amounts of distractions. A normal school has teachers and administrators to make sure students are well behaved and quiet when they need to be. At home, no one is sitting next to a student ready to silence anything that makes a noise around them. Instead, the student must either let it distract them, or deal with it them self, both of which are hindering the learning experience. Constantly being distracted does not allow a student to focus and deeply understand what they are trying to learn. Not understanding important fundamentals leads to a lot of confusion down the road.

Some people may argue that the cost is lowered by online schooling at home. While this may be true, why hinder a young mind's education just to save a little bit of money? Most schools have buses that can take students to and from school. Many schools offer aid to poor families for things like lunch fees, testing fees, field trip fees, etc. Aid will be given to a family if needed. Keeping a student from going to school just to save money is not the way to go.

In conclusion, distance learning would not be beneficial for students. The distractions would restrict deep learning and understanding of concepts. The experience would not be like a career, nothing hands on, only stuff from a computer. Social skills will not be developed in these students, leading to poor communication skills and possibly even bullying. The best thing a school could do for a student is to do what will open up many opportunities for them. This restricts learning and restricts opportunities, so it would not be beneficial for the students. 