Driverless cars sound like everybody's fantacy, you see and hear about them from everywhere; fictional movies, childrens books, television, but having a driverless car might not be the fantacy you hoped for. There are many problems that come with the driverless cars. While you may be able to get around easily, who would be at fault if technology fails and someone is injured- The driver, or the manufacturer? Surely If you were to be in an accident because the car itself malfunctions causing injuries to you and other people you wouldn't be to blame?

Most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert human drivers. In most states it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars. Why? Because it is rather dangerous. Another negative aspect would be that not everybody would agree with driverless cars, so would this cause a problem? Having normal cars and driverless cars on the streets together?

Having a driverless car will cause issues with navigating through roadwork or accidents, because they might be programmed for certian roads with certain conditions. So if something were to happen such as an accident would the car know when to stop? Or if there was an ambulance coming down the road for an emergencey, would the car know to pull over and let it pass?

Another con to the driverless cars would be that there would be so many sensors to go along with it. These types of cars need to have sensors in every direction, because there are unexpected animals, or children that cross the road without paying attention, they need to make sure the sensors are able to detect those types of things fast.

Technology is going very far but not this far yet, we might be trying to rush it too much, having only driverless cars would pretty much mean getting rid of normal cars, therefore; Many car buisnesses go out of work and many people lose their jobs. That being said, it would be way to expensive to replace normal cars with driverless cars for the billions of people in the world. While there are many benefits to this idea of driverless cars there are just as many if not more cons.