Do you think there are advantages to reducing car usage?  There are many advantages in limiting car usage.  Reducing car usage can decrease the amount of pollution and greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.  It can increase physical activity and decrease stress.  There can be numerous advantages when we reduce the amount of car usage.

To begin, there are various advantages in reducing the amount of car usage.  Limiting car usage can reduce the amount of greenhouse gases being released into the atmosphere.  "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States."  (

In Germany Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars by Elisabeth Rosenthal).  This is an example of how greenhouse gases are polluting the atmosphere; limiting car usage can reduce the amount of pollution being released.  "'It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,' said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza".  (

Car-free Day Is Spinning Into A Big Hit In Bogota by Andrew Selsky).  This is an example of the advantages of limiting car usage.

In addition, some people may think that there are no advantages to limiting car usage; however, they don't think about how it can help the world around them.  Durning a car-free day in Bogota, people will use different transportations and avoid traffic jams.  "Recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." (

The End of Car Culture by Elisabeth Rosenthal).  This is an example of how over the years, people are using less car fuel and reducing air pollution.  People are beginning to realize that buying a car is not a priority.  To reduce pollution and save movey, people car-pool with others.  "A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009..".  (

The End of Car Culture by Elisabeth Rosenthal).  this states that the number of young people are not driving as much as they use to; therefore, it helps reduce the amount of greenhouse gases being released and amount of people on the road.

Finally, there are many advantages in limiting car usage.  Limiting the amount of car usage will reduce greenhouse gases, stress behind the wheel, and traffic jams.  Greenhouse gases can be very harmful when released into the atmosphere.  There may be less deaths due to crashes, and less frustration due to traffic.  There can be many advantages and people around the world should consider limiting their car usage.    