If you are assigned a summer project, would you rather you or your teacher assign the topic? Lets face it school work can be boring, but what if you got to choose what the project was based on? It would probably be alot funner, and would make the kids want to do it. Every kid has a big imagination and it is important to use it every chance you get. Maybe once every kid is complete you can compare the different ideas each kid has. Every kid has to want to learn to be able to learn, therefor if the kid is doing a project and its on a topic they will enjoy they are more likely to complete and/or learn for the project.

As a student in high school right now, I know what it is like to do project and how boring they can be. You feel like its a waste of time, and you dont want to do it. But if the teacher allows the students to pick their own topic, the kids would want to do it. They can use their imaginattion, favorite charectors, or even favorite tv show.

Once all the students come back from summer break you can even compare the students ideas. See how every students project is different, how creative each student is, and how far their imagination can go. but also when a student is learning, it can be very boring sitting in school everyday doing worksheets and such, But if the student is learning something they actually enjoy, it will be much easier and let the kids actually want to learn. For example, a student may not be as interested in reading a poem and answer a page full of questions. But if you let that same kid watch a full epesode of sponge bob, then tell that kid to write a story based on that epesode they just watched, they would do it.

Using your imagination in life I believe is key, their is nothing you can't do in life if u put your mind to it. You will make it far in life if you think outside the box. As a kid, using your imagination while working can be one of the biggest benefits but most kids don't realize that. If you do not have an interest in what your learning majority of the time it's going to go in one ear and out the other. That is why if you use your imagination while your learning it would brighten some things up and make it funner to do work.

In conclusion, doing work that the student can decide on would be a better learning experience for the kids, easier, and more effective. And if you are like me, then you can use your imagination to turn any assigned work into a better learning experience.          