Dear Principal,

Community service, good or bad. I know your trying to decide if community service should be a requirement or not. During this letter I hope to tell you some reasons why it should be a requirement and some reasons why not. I hope this letter answers your problem.

There are many benefits to community service, for one your helping someone in the community ever time you pick up a pop can or take 15 minutes to help a neighbor or fellow classmate with home work he might not understand. Community service is a way to make a difference, but its something you want to do not have to. If you do community service because you want to then you get to feel the reward and how good it feels to help someone besides yourself. If you have to do it you don't get to feel any of that also if you don't want to do it then you probably won't do you best or even enjoy it.

At the same time there are times we need to help the community, if the community is in a time of need and can't hire people to clean up the streets you should step in an help. A community is should be a place to feel safe and a place to enjoy being in, but you can't do either of those things if you step on a can ever step you take. You should take pride in your community and keep it clean especially if it is the only one you got.

What kind of people do community service? People who want to or people who have to. Also when they do it who does a better job? Have you ever been going down the high way and seen men and women in orange jump suites cleaning up the high way. They get the job done but not very well. Also have you drove down the high way and seen young boys and girls in green suites cleaning up the highway for fun. These pride students love to help the community and they do a good job at it that's why you shouldn't have do community service you, you should do it because you want to.

This was my letter telling why community service is a good thing just not a thing we should have to do. Were students not criminals. You should take pride in your work and help the community but not have to.

Sincerely,

A local student      