Some people are arguing that the face on Mars was created by aliens. This however is not true. The claims made by these conspiracy theorists are not legit and are not based on information certified by NASA.

Others are saing that NASA knows that the face was obviously made by aliens but they just don't want to tell us. This is also not true. NASA would tell us if there were signs of life corrisponding with the face on Mars. In fact, NASA would be excited to tell us, for they have been searching for signs of life on Mars. When they took that picture of Mars in 2001, you could clearly see that it was just a natural landform. There were no airplanes or any sign of civilization. There were no aliens lounging or getting a tan on Mars.

Another thing that people forget is that these people who work for NASA are highly intelligent. They didn't go to college for four years then go into this. They went for many years. You know when people dumb things down a bit by saying, "It isn't rocketscience." Well this IS rocketscience. It is very hard work to even get a picture of the face. As it said in paragraph 9, “It’s not easy to target Cydonia,” says Garvin. “In fact, it’s hard work.” Mars Global Surveyor is a mapping spacecraft that normally looks straight down and scans the planet like a fax machine in narrow 2.5 km-wide strips. “We just don’t pass over the Face very often,” he noted.

These conspiracy theorists are looking over pictures and information that NASA discovered. It is simply illogical for someone to believe another who has made up a theory that completely goes against what NASA is putting out there. If they are smart enough to come up with a theory that is true then they would work for NASA.

You cannot believe everything you read, especially online. If you are looking for solid information, go to certified websites. Let's say you do want to figure out information about the face on Mars. You go to NASA's official website. That goes for every topic. You want to look for the right information so you can be informed correctly.

I hope I convinced you that the face on Mars was not created by aliens, but is just a simple natural landform. I also hope I convinced you to look for the right information for anthing you need.