In the modern society, the average individual owns a cell phone. Millions of people everyday use their cellphones to make calls, send texts and emails, and check social media. Not everyone, however, know how to control their urge to check his or her notifications every few seconds. When on the road, this lack of attention has made texting and driving one of the number one driving related accidents in the country.

Most know that if he or she crashes their car, there will be repercussions. For teens, it's the fear of their parents anger that stops them from texting and driving. For adults, it's the thought of not being able to go to work, due to a totaled car. However, both groups face a similar enemy when it comes to texting a driving, the insurance. Unknown by most teens, every crash that is his or her fault will cause their insurance prices to rise phenomenally. Should this happen, the driver may not be able to pay for the insurance, resulting it a car that can't be driven. For working teens and adults, this is not an option.

When thinking about texting and driving, there is a common thought, "It won't be me." This, however, can easily turn into a false statement. It only takes a moment of having ones eyes off of the road for things to turn sour. While a individual is looking down at his phone, a car could pull out in front of him without him realizing it. At high speeds a crash between the two cars could be deadly. No text or social media notification is worth the loss of a human life.

Those who text and drive will always claim that they great at multitasking, and so believe that they can easily text and drive on the road. However the brain cannot, in fact, multitask.

Instead, the brain switches between two actions, in this case it would be between texting and looking at the road. The same happens when individuals try to work on multiple projects at one. He or she will actually be switching between documents and slowly working on each. When driving, the eyes see progress in a text-to-text conversation as well as how far he or she has traveled on the road and assume that both were done at the same time.

No one, be they adult or teen, should text and drive. He or she could rear end another car or run off of the road, both of which would be very costly, and possibly deadly, The brain cannot focus on both actions, and will always prioritize either texting and driving, the former of which should be very dangerous, It only takes a few seconds for things to go awry, and the driver will be the one paying for it.         