Is Driving With Cellphones Dangerous?

Many people around the world own and use cellphones. Most of these People also own and operate a motor vehicle. But is it hazardous to use both at the same time? Operating both a cellphone and a vehicle is dangerous and is one of the causes of death on the road. Drivers should be allowed to have their phones in their car but if they are caught using them while behind the wheel, they would get a fine penalty. In the U.S, Different states have different rules and fines. But what can we do to prevent tragedies from happening?

Driving while using a cellphone is a very unsafe and irresponsible act. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), "Using a cell phone while driving creates enormous potential for deaths and injuries on U.S. roads. In 2017 alone, 3,166 people were killed in motor vehicle crashes involving distracted drivers." A large amount of people have been injured and even killed by irresponsible drivers who couldn't wait to send a text or read a message. But some states are taking an act upon this.

Most states in U.S. have prohibited cellphone use to a certain extent. In an article by the National Conference of State Legislatures, the author states "20 states... prohibit all drivers from using hand-held devices while driving. No state bans all cellphone use for all drivers, but 38 states and D.C. ban all cellphone use by novice or teen drivers, and 21 states and D.C. prohibit any cellphone use for school bus drivers. 48 states ban text messaging for all drivers." This demonstrates that states are taking action on the use of cellphones while driving.

Accidents that result in fatality due to distracted drivers using their phones have become more and more frequent. But there are things that we can do. According to the AAA Exchange, the author provides a very good tip on how to prevent the use of cellphones while driving. The author states "

Put aside your electronic distractions. Don't use cell phones while driving - handheld or hands-free - except in absolute emergencies. Never use text messaging, email functions, video games or the internet with a wireless device, including those built into the vehicle, while driving...If another activity demands your attention, instead of trying to attempt it while driving, pull off the road and stop your vehicle in a safe place. To avoid temptation, power down or stow devices before heading out." These are very helpful tips because they aid in avoiding cellphone use.

Most people nowadays own both a cellular device and a motor vehicle. But it is very risky to operate both at the same time. Distracted driving is a major cause of deaths in the roads of the U.S. Phones should be allowed in a vehicle while it is being driven but should not be used. Different states have different rules and fines for people who are caught using a phone while they are driving. And there are things that we as drivers can do to prevent accidents. It is easier to wait and then respond to a message than to answer it while driving and risking your life and someone elses.

Work Cited

Andrew. currin. ctr@dot. gov. "Distracted Driving." NHTSA, 29 May 2019, https://www. nhtsa. gov/risky-driving/distracted-driving.

Essex, Amanda. "Cellular Phone Use and Texting While Driving Laws." Cellular Phone Use and Texting While Driving Laws, 29 May 2019,

http://www. ncsl. org/research/transportation/cellular-phone-use-and-texting-while-driving-laws. aspx.

"AAA Exchange." Tips for Preventing Distracted Driving, https://exchange. aaa. com/safety/distracted-driving/tips-for-preventing-distracted-driving/#.XdU-fFe6OUk.            