State Senator,

If the slogan of our nation is "We the people," why do we the people not actually get to vote for the president? How can a president win the popular vote but lose the presidency? None of that makes any sense. Our nation needs to abolish the Electoral College and change to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. The system of the Electoral College is irrational, unfair, and not for the citizens.

To begin, the Electoral College is unfair to voters. "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states." (Plumer, paragraph 13). "Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." (Plumer, paragraph 11). If the United States is really all about the citizens, then they do not have a good way at showing it. We as citizens live here, and call this nation our home, but yet we can not even elect our own president. The Electoral College is unfair to us as voters.

In addition, "The advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the Electoral College method is not democratic in a modern sense... it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. When you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a state of electors." (Posner, paragraph 15). That textual evidence came from a passage in defense of the Electoral College! We the people should have a say! This system is not for us as citizens of the United States, and it is wrong! This is our home so let US pick our president.

Furthermore, "... and the most thoughful voters should be the ones to decide the election." (Posner, paragraph 20). This statement is very true because voters should be thorough when voting, but why should we be? It is not like we need to take our time and compare and contrast the presidential candidates. We are not voting for the president of our choice, so what is the point of being thorough? It is wrong to have this system, and it needs to be changed.

To conclude, as I have said above, If the slogan of our nation is "We the people," why do we the people not actually get to vote for the president? The system of the Electoral College needs to be abolished. It is not letting us as citizens elect our choice of the president that we want. It is unfair and irrational. I am in favor of changing the system to election by popular vote for the president of the United States.    