The use of technology to determine an emotional exprecion of students is very valuable and intersting. Would you ever want to know how a person is feeling without having to ask? Knowing how a person is feeling by techlology is very valuable because its a very interesting process to be apart of, it also teaches many people about technology and learning about the action unit of a person, lastly, Its just a very fun job to do and a perfect way to learn about the human face reactions.

First, being able to tell how a person is feeling with technology is a very intresting job/thing to do. The software is the latest innovation form Prof wicth makes it very intersting to work on just becaue its the latest and not many people get to use it. Being able to tell a persons emotions by technology also benefits the person by meating all the experst and better ways in developing for humans and computers to communicate.

Next, the Facial Action Coding System is not only a fun thing to do but it can also benifit a lot by learning any diffrent ways to use technology. Many people may also learn about all types of computers that are able to tell the face experesions of a person. Not only that the person can learn all the diffrent types of like human face muscles. A person could also learn the 6 basic emotions.

Finally, Being able to tell a persons emotions may get very fun to do. For example, In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Slto shows how The Mona Lisa was a very fun itersting to bring a smile on a persons face. In the article the authors give an example of how they where able to tell how Mona Lisa is feeling in her portrate. He found out that Mona lisas smile was not real and how she faked it. Although it might be a very fun thing to do it might also not be the best because some people can be emotional and not be abe to take amd figure out how a person might be feeling .

In conclusion, being able to be a part of The Facial Action Coding Sysytem is a very fun interseting job to do. However people may not like this job beacuse lets be honest thers some people out there who just dont care about how a person might be feeling in a picture.