The build up of greenhouse gases and carbon emissions over the past hundred years since the car was first invented have started a decline in the usage of a private car. People are moving back into cities and are suing their cars signifigantly less with places such as Bogota Columbia having a day dedicated to no driving. Bikes and other forms of public transportation have become much more appealing than using a car and this trend looks like it will continue

In source one , in Vauban , Germany they are no longer using cars and instead are using alternative forms of transportation in this suburb. Heidrun walter a resident of this city talked about how he was "always tense" when owning a car which is true. It can be very stressful having to drive around and in the case of crowded areas have to sit in traffic for two hours a day. Another reason to get rid of your cars is the effects on the environment with 50% of carbon emissions in some parts of the US being blamed on cars. New laws in the US are also promoting the use of public transportation in the United States own suburbs giving suburban residents more of a reason to rid themselves of a car. In cities public transportation has been already implemented and can be much more efficent than driving around yourself.

The pollution in many cities such as Bejing is very intense and makes living conditions awful. Paris , one of the more polluted cites in Europe experienced a partial driving ban after a build up of smog in the city. This shows that if you rid yourself of a car you wont have to worry as much about contributing to this costly pollution to our environment. During the driving ban congestion was down 60% shwoing how this contribute to less traffic as well. In source 3 it discusses the no car day in Bogota Columbia showing how worldside people are starting to avoid overusing their cars and want to promote a healthy planet for us all. Parks and biking paths have emerged in this emerging latin american city and its shifting towards the right direction , of no cars.

The car culture in America has begun to die down a bit in the United States with car usage peaking 2005(Source 4). Car ownership rates are going down and more people are begining to just not get their lisences at all , and this trend will continue showing that you too should hop on this trend of lower to no car usage at all. Car companies such as Ford are changing their marketing by being more of a mobility than a car company to allow them to stay around in this decline of cars in the modern world.                    