There are some schools that give summer projects to students so they won't lose too much information that they've learned while in school. The summer projects that students have to do should be be student-based rather than teacher-based. Teacher-based projects don't really give students much freedom to be fully creative because they may not like the assignment given. Students getting to choose their own project could bring more enjoyment into doing the project, show their interests, and can be more beneficial.

Students getting to choose their topic and create a plan on how they want to reflect the project, can bring more enjoyment into doing it. Giving students that freedom can bring them to wanting to do it more and let them express themselves on how they really look at the topic. Teacher-based projects can also be exciting but they may give too many regulations towards how the student really wants to do the project. They may not understand the topic or research when it comes time to doing the project and that can lead to many problems. Students not being able to understand can bring them to not wanting to do it, not doing it to their full extent, or they won't actually learn anything from it. Being able to do it on their own boosts their interest more. Their interest can be greatly projected into the assignment and show that they enjoy the topic and learned something from it. When students get to base their projects on their interest it can show more creativity and effort towards the assignment.

Student-based projects can be beneficial towards the school and the child in a few ways. When they go back to school, their brains won't be fully fresh coming off of the break because students were still learning. That can benefit the school because the teachers won't have too much trouble teaching the curriculum to the students since they were learning over the summer. Students can benefit from it also because they haven't completely or half-way forgotten everything they've learned. They could still have a fresh memory on the material going back into school and being able to apply it when the time comes. Projects being chosen by students can be beneficial in different aspects.

Projects given over the summer to students in order to help them continue learning would have a greater outcome being student-based. Summer learning helps students obtain a good amount of information instead of them having to forget it all when they go on break. When students get to do things on their own, it allows them to be more expressive and give a good amount of effort towards what they're trying to achieve. Giving them the freedom to base the projects on what they want to do can bring the more creativity, show their interest, and be more beneficial in different ways.        