Around the world, citites are getting improved by reducing the usage of cars. With the new ways of transportation such as bike, foot, car-pool and public transportation (bus, train, taxi) there has been many great out comes. Many people should join in on this limiting of car usage. It saves time, conserves resources, lowers emmisions and improves safety. Many citites, such as Vauban, Paris and Bogota have taken steps to creating a car free community.

In Vauban, Germany many residents of this community dont even own a car. The people are allowed to own a car but they have two options of parking that result in buying a space or a home with a space. With this great cost of spaces, up to 70 percent of the families do not own a car. Many people living this life style are very happy with not owning a car. Heidrun Walter thought that "when [she] had a car [she] was always tense. [And she] is much happier this way". It was proven that 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe is from passenger cars. The idea of a "car reduced" community is very appealing to many people and is starting to spread to many locations.

The ban of driving has also spread to Paris. Paris started off by banning any motorists with an even-numbered license plate, and the following day the same would apply to the odd-numbered plates. There was a descrease of congestion by 60 percent. France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline, which lead to the blame of diesel for the intensifying smog in the city. Around 67 percent of the vehicles in France are diesel  compared to the 53 percent average of diesel engines in the first of Western Europe. With just the few short carless days, the smog cleared from the city and the ban was rescined a day after.

There are also traditions such as "Car-free day" in Bogota, Colombia. On this day, car owners leave their cars at home and turn to hiking, biking, skating or bus taking. The main goal for this day is to promote alternative transportation and reduce the smog. Many people join in, resulting in a very large turn out, saying that "it's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution". It is thought that the people participating in this event are "generating a revolutionary change" . Not only has this day helped to decrease the pollution and smog in the city, it has brought improvements to the city. There has been a restriction on rush-hour which leads to the cut in traffic, sidewalks are being replaced, parks and sports centers are blooming throughtout the city and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.

These different ways of limiting car usage have also spread to the United States. President Obama has large goals to "curn the United States' greenhouse gas emmisions". Recent studies have shown that Americans are buying fewer cars and getting fewer licenses as the years go by. There has also been a reduced amount of car ownership per household. Many sociologists believe it will have "beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment" with transportation being the second largest source of the United States emissions. In a span of nine years, a study found that driving by young people had decreased 23 perecent. Discussions at the Mobile World Congress lead to a plan for a world where personal vehicle ownership it impractical or undesirable.

Many citites in the world are starting to see the damage cars can do to the environment and also how wonderful and stress-free life can be withouth them. Many new ides are being started to reduce the car usage everywhere. Most people agree with these ideas, most even find them beneficial. There are many advantages of limiting car usage and it seems many people have found these advantages which has resulted to the decrease of car culture everywhere.                 