Our social lives now a days practically depend on cars. The truth is, we don't need cars as much as many of us think. There's probably more advantages than disadvantages to not owning or using a car as often. In articles one, two, three, and four it talks about reasons why we should'nt use a car and what happens if we do so often; you tend to have a healthier lifestyle, it helps the environment and ozone, and it reduces stress. So really, limiting car usage helps both you and the environment stay healthy and clean.

People tend to have a healthier life due to limiting their car use. In part of Germany the majority of the residents dont own cars. "As she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor.", Article one. This shows how unlike some parts of the world, Germany has many people outside riding their bikes, walking around and many children playing outside other then being stuck inside at home or in a car. In Article four it states, "They organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or car-pool with friends.". This is in New York, one of the cities with the most traffic and cars on the streets. New York made a prgram called the "bike-sharing program" which has showed great responces and has kids like the ones before mentioned being social and being more active with friends.

Limiting car usage also helps the environment and ozone. In Paris there was a lot of smoge for days and they had to take action. "After days of near record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city.", states Article two. After this ban the smog cleared a few days later. This shows how easily car can pollute the air and the environment. In Article four it states, "Since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants.". Cars are one of the main reasons for the environment being polluted and it can be stopped easily if people car-pooled, rode their bikes or walked.

Not only does limiting car usage and using a different alternative keep us active, it also reduces our stress. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said Bussinessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife.", Article three. This was in Colombia where they had a day where no one could use their cars. The people felt relieved to have a day where they could just relax and go outside and get some fresh air. Also in Article one it states, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way,"." This was also in Germany in a place called Vauban where more than half of the families didn't own cars. This shows how using a bike or walking other than using a car helps you reduce the stress that you have that also includes driving around others that block your way or speed.

In conclusion, limiting car usage tends to help others have a healthier lifestyle, it helps the environment and ozone, and helps others reduce stress. The chairman of the Ford Motor Company in Article four states, "Pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve saftey.". There's probably more pros than cons in limiting car usage because all it really does is make our lives harder. The long term effect of using cars is more important than the short term which is getting to your destination which you can do any other way and it's healthier and cleanier for everyone.            