It is known that some schools throughout different areas require students to complete a summer project. Summer projects allow students to keep their minds focused on school and come back to school the next year refreshed and ready to learn. Without summer projects teachers have to work even harder to dig their students out of the gutter and prepare them for the workload they will face during the new school year. One big issue with the idea of assigning students a summer project is figuring out who will create the project that is to be completed. By the time summer comes, students are already exhausted from end of the school year exams and surviving the school year as a whole. They should not have to be forced to create their own projects while they should be enjoying their summer break. Furthermore, teachers are the people who assigned the students a project to do during their vacation, they should at least give the students a specific assignment so they don't have to give up any more of their vacation time to stress over schoolwork. Although summer can also be a break for some teachers, it would not be fair to students, who only want to enjoy their time off, to make them create their own project.

Believe it or not, students lose a ton of sleep by staying up late to finish homework or a project during the school year. Many students see summer break as a time for relaxation and leisure activities, hence the name "summer break" because it gives students a break from the tiring school year. Although a summer project is not at all a bad idea, it is still extra work for both teachers and students during a time when school is not in session. Teachers can definitely handle a larger workload than most students, so wouldn't it be more efficient and less stressful to have the teachers give the students one specific assignment which they could all grade using the same rubric. In doing this students wouldn't have to spend as much of their time off worrying about how they are going to complete the assignment.

By the end of the school year, most students are also mentally drained due to the amount of hours they put in just to do well in school. Students can be easily stressed out by large amounts of work and this is usually what they will encounter during the school year. A teacher-designed project would not only decrease the level of stress, but it would give less freedom to students when it comes to what the project has to be about, which in this case may be a good thing because giving the students more freedom would ultimately create more stress for the teacher. More freedom would lead to more stress because students could then do a project on anything they wanted to, which means that the teacher would have to analyze and grade a different assignment for each of their students.

The school year can be very stressful and tiring for both teachers and students. The idea of a summer project is not a bad one at all beacuse it keeps students engaged in educational activities throughout the summer. Although the idea of a summer project is not a bad one at all, students should be given a teacher-designed assignment for their summer project. If students have the freedom to create their own assignment they may feel like they don't know where to start or they may get wrapped up in their favorite subject and end up doing the project wrong. In conclusion, summer projects should be teacher-designed because students are already exhausted from the very tiring school year and having students create their own project may even cause them more stress and confusion.        