At many schools, summer projects are assigned to students. These projects are usually either an essay or a research project. Currently, these projects are strictly designed by teachers without any say from the students. Should teachers be dictating what students must spend their days doing during both the school year and the summer months? Would it be more beneficial for students' education if they were able to design their own project? Summer projects should be designed by students because there is more room for creativity, it is more sustainable for students to accomplish, and students will be more driven to work on it.

Summer projects should be designed by students because there is more room for creativity. Creativity is an important skill to have, so a student-designed project will definitely help students in that area to use after they graduate. Imagination and creativity is much more of a key factor in student-designed projects than ones designed by teachers. When each student is allowed to come up with their own idea, plan it out, and create the project with little to no restriction or guidelines, there is more room for each student to show their individuality and original ideas. Without teachers telling students precisely what they want to see when summer break is over, students can let their imaginations run wild and create something that they are proud of.

Students should be the ones designing summer projects because they would be more sustainable for everyone. Many students in high school have summer jobs in order to help support their families. A teacher might assign a project that is far to lengthy for some students to complete in addition to their daily eight-hour shifts and having to take care of their younger siblings. These students' grades would sink the second the new school year starts due to their inability to finish the time consuming summer project by the first day of school. If every student were able to design their own project, they would be able to create one that is more sustainable and able to fit into their busy schedule.

Projects assigned over the summer should be designed by students because they will be more driven to work on it. Some might say that isn't the case, because students might not take the project as seriously as they would if it was designed by a teacher. On the other hand, if students were able to design their own projects, they would be able to choose a topic to research and write about that interests them. Therefore, they will be more inclined to complete it and will take the project even more seriously than they would if it was designed by a teacher. Student-designed projects would cause students to be driven by their interest in the topic they picked; instead of by the need to get it done before school starts. This would not only lead to more competed projects, but the projects would also have a lot more time and effort put into them.

In conclusion, it would be more beneficial for students' education to design their own projects. This would lead to more room for creativity, being more sustainable for students to accomplish, and students are more driven to work on it. This matters because what students do and learn now will affect the rest of their life. Students being able to do their own project or research over the summer could lead to students improving their work ethic and even finding their true interests. Schools should start making the changes today to create a new and important future in summer projects.