Driverless cars might seem like the best car out there but have you thought of the negatives things that come with these cars? No you probaly have not. They are not horribble cars but they are not as good as you would expect them to be.

It is cool that they drive themselves but there have been lots of accidents in the past and it would be harder for driverless cars to be able to dodge them or take a different route if its a recent accident. For example if you are driving down the highway and a car crash happens right in front of you, the driverless car would not be able to just detect it that fast and stop or move to the left or anything. If a dog runs out in the middle of the street and you run him over would you feel guilty for that even though you had no control over the car. Most people would be too busy texting and driving to be able to be focussed on the road. Even though it says cell phones are turned off while trying to drive people would find a way for the phones to not turn off. And also some people might have an emergency and they might need there phone. Many accidents would happen. The point of driveless cars, like said in the name, is so the car does not need a driver. So why would you want a car that still needs a driver.

Most people that are on the streets now a days are students and teenagers that are recently getting their license. After school a lot of kids car pool to go out to eat, the mall, or the beach. So much distraction to the car might cause a problem. If there is an emergency they might be too focussed talking to someone else, taking pictures, or messing around. On paragraph 7 it is stated that manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch the drivers. That is not a bad idea so people can focuss more on the road.

In my opinion as fun as the driverless cars seem it is not a bright idea to manufacture them. Too many accidents would happen and many problems. Car accidents happen all the time not accident on purpose, if a person can not avoid them than how would a computer be able too? 