Who would have knew that technology what be so advance that it would be able to detect our emotions. Recent techology has been made to detect an humans basic emotions just by facial expressions we make. This new software is something that can be valuable in a classroom.

The facial action coding system is a software used in computers that dectects a persons feelings. this software can dectect the feeling of sadness, anger, fear, happiness, surprise, and disgust. In " Making Mona Lisa Smile" the author gives example of how this software dectects ones emotion. It states, " your frontails pars lateralis muscle (above your eyes) raises your eyebrows when you're surpried; your orbicularis oris ( around your mouth) tightens your lips to show anger." Behavior analysis is a big part of what is software does and it's something we do everydayto tell when a friend is sad or angery.

FACS should be used in a classroom for multiple reasons. This software will be able to detect when a student is having a hard time with the work they are doing so the software will change the difficalty of th work. In "Making Mona Lisa Smile" the article states, " "A classroom computer could reconize when a student is becoming bored or confused," Dr. Huang predicts. " Then it can modify the lesson, like an effective human instuctor." " This would make things a lot easier for the student to understand what they are being taught.

Having the software will make it a lot easier for the teacher. The teacher wont be able to tell if the student is having a hard time unless he / she tells them. Having the software the students won't have to tell the teacher if they are having trouble and FACS will help the teacher. A teacher has an average of 18 students in each class, making it hard to focus on one student at a time. So FACS would help the teachers and the students a lot.

Who would have knew that making a facial expression of fustration at a computer would help you learn easier. Or make your job a little bit less hard. Well thanks to FACS software it can.