There are several advantages of limiting car usage. First and foremost, limitations will seriously reduce the emission of greenhouse gas and the production of smog caused by diesel fumes. Beautiful cities are being polluted as we speak, and that is something that could be so simply reduced. Limitations on cars will make the air cleaner.

If car usage is limited, as it has been some places, it shows to make the surrounding ares calmer. In places such as Vuban, Germany, where cars are almost completely gone, residents say they are much happier and less stressed out (Rosenthal, 2009-New York Times). Rush hours and traffic jams will be reduced, leaving more time to make cities beautiful again. Bike paths are being reconstructed in many places, in attempt to make as little imapct on the world as possible. Try a week without using a car. Use other commute options to get where you need to go. People see that they are less relient on using car commute (Rosenthal, 2013-New York Times).

Alternative transportation is encouraged. In places all over the world, people are stepping up and making a change in the way they transport themselves. Sidwalks are being remade in order to accomidate walking pedestrians (Selsky, 2002). Shopping centeres and diners are being located in closer ares, making it easier to walk or bike to them. Bill Ford of Ford Motor Company expressed his wishes for transportation by saying he wishes cities to have "pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety," (Rosenthal, 2013).

Instead of spending so much time with car developments, limiting car usage would mean more time to other ares of development. David Goldberg of Transportation for America made and fantastic point by saying, "All of our development since World War 2 has been centered on the car, and that will have to change," (Rosenthal, 2009). Instead of spending so much time creating things that will ruin the world, why not use that time instead to try and better it? Construct something useful. People are doing it all over, and it's proving to work very well.

All in all, having a limitation on car use will be much easier and helpful than people realize. The more we actively work on changing the world from preventable harm, the better our surroundings will be. Even if a car is driven on occasion, it will reduce the greenhouse gas dramatically, making a positive effect on the way people live.

Sources:

1. "In German Suburd, Life Goes On Without Cars," Elisabeth Rosenthal, 2009.

2. "Paris bans driving due to smog," Robert Duffer, 2014.

3."Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota," Andrew Selsky, 2002

4. "The End of Car Culture," Elisabeth Rosenthal, 2013    