78% of Americans students do extracurricular activities, by staying after school,doing sports and serving on the student council. This can help students to improve their grades,because every activity count as a grade or extra credit.

Firstly,students should do extracurricular activities because this can improve their grades, if they do extra credit after school teachers can replace a missing assignment for the extra credit. Students can improve their grades in different ways they can do particularly activities like sports, if students do sports they can practice their beneficent for do activities after school. One important thing is that students can receive help from others students or teachers,a lot of students stay after school for receive help especially when they have missing assignments,if they do not understand a topic.

Secondly,students can spend time with their friends, this is important because some students spend their time in technological things like phones,video games and things like that ,others students like to stay after school because they can share time,ideas or comments how they are in their grades,by sharing ideas they can help each other in their work,especially if they do not understand something. They can share and receive help from others they can do work together and when they finish they get free time for their friends.

Thirdly, this is most important because students learn more,they learn the importance of share time with friends,a lot of people have longer friendship because they like to spend time with friends and they do not spend time with a phone. All the kids should do extracurricular activities in school because this can help then in a future,especially if they take importance to improve their grades.

To conclude, every student should do activities after school,this is a benefit for their future and for their learning skills. Parents should be interest in these things because most students have bad grades in their classes and this is an opportunity for improve grades. Doing sports is an activity that can help kids to be healthy and stronger.