Do you want to make teaching fun, let your students decide their own summer projects!

As schools want their students to continue learning during their break, its important that students have a interest on their education so, that they will be able to succeed in their desired careers. Studies show that students are more able to focus in their school work,when their involved and participating. The student's break is their time to relax, recharge and rejuvenate for the upcoming school year, which should allow them to have a say in their summer projects. The summer projects, schools require students to complete should be student-designed because, it allows them to be creative, open-minded, responsible and to have the ability to retain information easier.

Having student-designed projects will allow students to feel more independent and create relationships with others by letting themselves be put in charge. As a student, I feel more encouraged to put effort in school assignments by working with other students and getting use to leadership skills as what we need in the future to succeed. Student-designed projects will solely be up to students who get to choose interesting project ideas which will be fun to think of creative ways to display our ideas. As we demonstrate open-mindness through the projects, students would feel more comfortable in their topic they maybe struggling in. For example, If a student was lacking outdoor skills they could start gardening, little by little each week to start feeling more comfortable and benefiting the community while they do so. Students may have the most interesting project ideas which make the teaching process easier.

In my experience of being a student, I've noticed that when students are in charge of summer projects, it tends to raise participation in class and help retain information easier. Class clowns become more interested and encouraged in learning new topics. Students that tend to take school more seriously strengthens their passion on their goal. Students will be more engaged in their upcoming classes, as they already built that skill through their summer projects. When I was in middle school, we had to complete a summer project that ensured that we were benefiting the community, most students decided to go to a food bank, go to homeless shelters, volunteer at hospitals, supplying stray dogs and many more. I chose to construct a food drive and give out food donations to the homeless people and stray animals in my neighborhood ; many people in my neighborhood found my idea to be helpful. My neighbors and family friends decided to join me which became a success, we raised over $3,000 in food products which were animal-friendly and safe for the homeless people and animals.

Although, others may argue that having teacher-designed projects will reduce cheating in classes and give students a preview of what to expect from the class when students are enrolled in the fall. Teachers can get ahead start to see who's struggling, can assist them throughout the year and plan accordingly. Teacher-designed projects could help the class become ahead in their lessons in the fall. Depending on your teacher, you may be subjected to bias positions and issues for your projects. For example, my freshman year we were assigned a summer project which was a biased, teacher-designed and the teacher assigned us a position on the issue and had to come up ways to support our argument. Personally, I didn't agree with the position I got but, had to improvise and it made me feel like my opinion didn't matter; I was hiding behind this position my teacher gave me; especially since the issue was about my identity and how my ancestors were treated in the past. I didn't want to support the pros on slavery because, it was degrading to me and most students felt that way. Allowing teacher-designed projects doesn't establish a trusting relationship, making most students feel excluded.

The summer projects, schools require students to complete should be student-designed because, it allows them to be creative, open-minded, responsible and to have the ability to retain information easier. Teachers can get to know students and learn their interests and goals. It should be the teacher's priority to maintain a good relationship with students and to help them reach their goals. Students can learn more about themselves during the process and discover new passions. Giving students the opportunity to design their own project ensures that they are learning over their break, but in a more effective and fun way. Students will be able to remember topics they've learned with their projects because of all the fun they had to construct it. Having a student perspective on a project is beneficial to teachers because student-designed projects may help the teacher learn as well.