When trying to solve a problem or figure something out you normally need help or ask for an answer. Somethings are difficult to find out on your own. To find things out it is best to ask multiple people before going through with your decision.

Seeking multiple opinions often helps people make better choices. When making a decision it is often hard to do on your own. When you ask for one opinion you might find the answer to what you will do. When you ask for more than one opinion then you will have multiple resource's to how you will do things. The reason people ask is because they are unsure but when they ask it might help them figure out what they are going do.

Why do people have a hard time figuring out what the best option is you might ask. The answer is because they are unsure. When people ask for help they might have a easier time figuring out the things that they will do. There are many times when people ask for help or ask for your response and you might not even realize you're doing it. Some examples may include; a family member asking if there food is good, a teacher asking if you need help, or somebody asking you to explain something to them.

When people ask for someones opinion it often means that they do not fully know if they are right in there response or decision. Thats why asking for multiple opinions can help you. When asking for multiple you normally get a variation of answers, if its a broad topic. Unless its a math problem or a one answer question you normally get more that one answer. Even then you can still get more than one answer.

Although sometimes people ask more than just a person. Some people ask Google or a website on a electronic device. This is good sometimes because there are normally multiple resource's linked to it. Even when you have multiple resource's linked you can still just get one opinion. When I wake up in the morning I normally ask Google what the whether is but I also ask my parents just to make sure. This definitely is very helpful and helps me make better decisions most of the time.

When you ask one person they often have answers, but they have different experiences than the next person you ask. Thats why its better to ask more than one person for their opinion. In the chance that you do only ask one person you may find yourself deciding on weather you should do or act on what the say. When you ask more than one person you get more options or the same response, which is sometimes good. That why you should always ask for a second opinion or even a third.

In conclusion asking for advice is better done when you ask multiple people, and it can often help you with what you decide to do.