There are many benefits of asking multiple people for advice. This is because when you ask many different people that may have different opinions, you may get an answer that is right for everyone, but especially you. Keeping others thoughts in mind will help you get the perfect answer. When you ask for advice on something, you could ask many people, and maybe some of them know exactly what to say because they have been in your shoes before, and know how to answer. All these other opinions can help shape your opinion, and here are ways they can help you in the real world.

Choosing what to do can always be hard, but with more people and different opinions, you can decide what you want. Do you ever have to choose between two things and do not know what to choose? For example, when you go to the mall and you find two pairs of shoes that appeal to you so much that you just want both? But you have to pick one pair, and only one. You can ask your friends which pair they like better and get the one everyone likes better. It doesnt effect you because you liked both pairs equally and would not mind getting the one they proffered. As well as choosing between two options and using others opinions to choose something, you can use others opinions on what to choose something when there are so many more options.

On a regular basis I never know what to eat. There are so many foods that I choose from, ans so many restaurants. But sometimes I dont crave anything and just was something to eat. I dont want to go somewhere that I always go to, but I dot want to go somewhere that i have never been to and have a really bad meal. Thats why I always ask other people to help me find a place. I ask other people what they would recommend, and they give me options. They could suggest a place they really like, that I have never heard of. Or they could suggest something I know of that I havent thought about. Making decisions based on other peoples opinions is easy, and can help you choose something when there are so many options and you don't know what to do.

Lastly, I feel like this is the most important way of getting someones opinion on something to help you. When someone you know is feeling down and you do not know how to help them, you can ask other people for help on what to say or how to approach the situation . You could ask a friend, or someone you know well for advice on how to handle a situation. You want to help your friend feel better and happy but you dont know what to do because you dont what to make anything worst by saying something wrong. If you really need help and the situation is really out of control, you could go to professionals for help. Its always okay to ask others for help and their opinions so you will know what to do.

In conclusion, asking others for advice is always a good thing to keep in mind. Either if its serious or simple, asking for advice is always good. Asking multiple people and getting many different opinions on how to approach situations will make your choice on what to do better. Everyone is different and you need to understand other peoples beliefs and why they choose to do things , and with that you can use some of their opinion and put it into yours.            