Many people still believe that the Face on Mars is created by aliens. Some say it's to hard to really know what the object really is. Although many people disbelieve this is not a face, there is many places out west that look like this, and the cameras we used for this mission are to clear, and catch the smallest details, to be counted as incorrect. I believe that the Face, is only a landmark.

Based on the story, Unmasking the Face on Mars, "Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadow that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh." When this picture was showed to the world, many people thought it looked like a face, just like many scientst. but the people from NASA called it a "huge rock formation... which resembles a human head..." formed by shadows, giving it an ilusion of a face. Many people still doubted this, and wanted to believe it was a face. I can see how it looks like it has eyes, a nose, and a mouth, but just because it looks like somthing, it doesn't mean it is that.

Don't get me wrong. I do believe that it looks like a person, or alien, but many things look like something else, and it doesn't mean thats what they are, because of looks. The story, Unmasking the Face on Mars states, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa-landforms common around the American west." So based on this sentence, it could be a formation like out west. it has the same height as one in Idaho. It could have a different face then ones on Earth, but I highly doubt it is an alien.

The first, and second image on Mars look like faces, and appear to have all the needs to be a face. The second image wasn't really clear, and many people are right. Some people say, "the face on Mars is located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it is winter in April '98-a cloudy time of yer on the Red Planet. Perhaps alien marking were hidden by haze." This could be true. I do believe that if there was anything little, or hard to see, it couldn't be found when it was really cloudy outside, and the picture wasn't taken clearly.

Even though you couldn't see what was there, on the second picture, we did take another one. I do believe that some things could have been hidden, but they would have been found, with the third picture. Based on the text, "if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" you would be able to see anything. So there was nothing there. the only thing that was there, ws a land formation, just like Earth has. We weren't able to find anything that would make the formation, considered to be some type of alien creation.

Based on research, and facts from, "Unmasking the Face on Mars" I believe that the Face, was actually just a land formation. For those who believe it was an alien, then you might be right, but from evidence, I think that it is just a cool and unique formation. The first images were unclear, to tell, but the thir image, was very clear, and us people from NASA, discovered that it wasn't an alien, but just a formation, like a butte or mesa. The Face, had shadows that made it look like eyes, a nose, and a mouth, but it actually wasn't. 