Would students benefit from being able to attend classes for home? In my opinion that wouldn't be a good idea but also be a great idea. School should allow students to decide if they wanna attend at their school, home, or both. Anyways it's a good idea that some school allow their kids to attend classes from their own house.

Allowing students to attend classes from school is good idea. That's giving the students time to do there work and to learn whenever. Students could sleep one or two more hours in. Most kids either play sports, have a job, or maybe both. They won't get much sleep then they will be tired the next morning. If we could have classes at home students wouldn't have to worry about sleeping in class and getting yelled at by the teacher. Most students wanna be home school because they either get bullied, tired of getting in trouble, but mostly students these days wanna graduation early.

If we also had classes at home more kids will be more safer than at school since what's happening right now in 2018. students wouldn't have to deal with getting suspend or expelled because most kids these days get that. School wouldnt have to deal with drugs, gang violence, or anything that's harmful to the school. Then school drama wouldn't happen a lot in school if we could just be home. It will also be a great idea if we could attend classes from school and at home.

It wouldn't be a good idea because most students wouldn't do anything or make someone else do it. Some students like to be teach in person and if they were at home then they can't learn at all. some students are just too lazy. What about gym and other non core classes? We could have a time when they gotta start there class and if they don't sign in then they get mark absence. If they have a non core class then they can just go to school to take it but most classes you could probably take online.

I hope you think about changing school to allow students to take classes at home, or allowing them to take some at home, or both. Thank you for reading my paper hopeful you thought about everything and how it could change everyone problem. have a wonderful day!