Doing school classes at home would be nice but it would not be successful for everyone. Majority of students in schools are more hands on learners; even though having that extra hour or two of sleep sounds very pleasant. people need to be motivated and if assistance is needed, someone is there. Students would not benefit from distance learning classes because of the lack of motivation and of how the vast majority of students learn.

First reason, is that a big percentage of the students in schools are hands on learners. Reading, listening and watching videos on a computer are just a small portion of how the mind works. Physically doing the work helps a students brain process about what is being taught, and take in the material quicker. which helps motivate students to try to go above and beyond.

Secondly, Students need to be motivated to want to get good grades. say a student is not staying focus and is failing a class and a peer in that same class always brags about getting better grades than the other student. It would push the student to do better. Having others in the same room can be soothing; to know that if someone is having difficulties understanding what is being taught, there are other around who understand can help.

Some may say, doing online classes would be beneficial for students who have families and other work priorities to take care of. It would also be helpful to students who have trouble focusing in classrooms. However, being in a classroom environment can put students mind at ease, knowing there are others around who understand, and are going through the same thing. Doing classes this way would help teach each other to stay focus and keep one another in place.

In conclusion, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Due to the lack of motivation. No work would get done. Being able to stay focus would be a struggle for most people, because of being at home in a comfortable environment. Also, because the vast majority of students in school are hands on learners. Students would not benefit from learning classes from home.