I know from personal exprience that asking for more than one person opinion is a great idea. Think about it, taking more than one person's advice is a really good idea since you get multiple opinions, and you can see which one people think you should do the the most. Multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by being able to compare opinions and consider more than one person's advice.

First and foremost my first point is that you can compare opinions with others. You can see if people have better or improved version of your idea. Take for example if you wanted to figure out what to buy at store but you only had ten dollars to spend, and can't decide what you want to buy. You go and ask people who you know, and one of your friends gives you a good idea and says to buy something worth five dollars save the rest instead of wasting all of it. This one example for this reason, however their are multiple different ways this could go and millions of different scenarios. Next you can see if you have good judgement. Say for example if you go to multiple people and whenever you guys compare ideas they tell you that's also a good idea. That mean you have good judgement since the people who you are comparing advice with think your idea is still good, and if people when you do exchange opinions say that your's is really good than you might as well have good judgement over those types of things. You can see if your opinions are similar. Say for example you want to go somewhere for vacation, so you decide to ask your friends where you should go. You vaguely have an idea of that you want to go to England but your not sure, so go out and ask friends for their opinions. Some of them tell you to go somewhere they is think is nice, while good portion of them tell what you where you thought about going. Since the people around you thought of the similar place you wanted to go you resolute yourself to go there. In that scenario it makes most sense to go since not only majority thought so, you were already thinking about going to there.

Now we have for my second point is that you consider more than one person opinion. You can think about what ideas make fo a better decision. Think about this, your given multiple opinions by your friends and family on what you want to do with your money you got for working during the summer. With only one person's advice you be left with that or yourself not giving yourself much choice apart from your own brain, but with multiple opinions you think about all of them and then come down to all good ones and consider each one instead of just a few. Then we have getting more than one opinion is overall a better idea. If I'm left one person's advice and I don't like it for whatever reason I either stuck with it or I'm left with whatever I can do, but if I have many different opinions I can find one I think is rather good, or in the slightest ok. Last you get a more diverse outlook. Now tell me something don't you find having more than one person give you their opinion is way more one sided than if you had got multiple to give you there opinion is very diverse and different in at least ine way. I know from other people's exprience it has.

So in conclusion multiple opininons can help someone make a better choice by being able to compare ideas and being able to consider more than one person's opinion. Comparing your ideas with someone else can help you see if someone might have better advice, or if they have similar ideas with you, all of this helping you to make a choice. While considering more one person's advice can help diversify outlook on what to choose, or even allowing you to get multiple opinions so that you have way more choice than if you had one. So if I were you, whenever your unsure of something or if you think you need it I think you go out and ask people what they think so that you don't have to keep debating in your head on your.