Drivers should not be able to use their phones at all behind a wheel. Today's technology has become a big impact on everyone life. The most used technology of them all is the cell phone. This device has any and everyone hypnotized which makes it very dangerous. Cellphones is a deadly device to me personally because people that on our cellphones do not pay attention to what goes on around them. That's why it's important for us to not have them while driving.

Studies have shown that at least 6% of accidents have been caused by somebody using a cellphone. It seems that not only are drinking and driving dangerous, but using a cellphone behind the wheel is very dangerous. People in this generation believe that it's always dangerous if you text and drive. Just being on your phone period can be a dangerous situation for anybody, not just you. People believe that since you are not texting on the phone that it should be okay to be on the phone, I believe you shouldn't be on it period!

If we put our phones up and pay attention, a lot of accidents could prevent. We could have saved many lives. Cellphones are a huge distraction believe it or not, especially in today's society. It seems that the cellphone has become everyone's priority. That's why we cannot put them down for more than five minutes. Even talking on your phone is worse than texting, but texting is what people talk about the most. We should be talking about people being on their phones period .Just being on your phone can be more dangerous than anything.

See, driving a vehicle is already dangerous enough because you can easily end your or someone else's life. You need all of your attention on the road and what's going on around, so you can be aware. A cellphone will take your attention away from most of things around you. Texting while driving can take away from reaction time. If you're on your phone, it will give less time to react to a situation.

In conclusion, I believe drivers should not be allowed to drive while they are on a cellphone.

Cellphone are a huge distraction and with this distraction people can be injured or killed from using their phone. Instead of talking about texting while driving we should talk about us not using a cellular device at all when you're behind a wheel. We should try to enforce it more so people's lives can be save, and people don't have to get injured.   