There is no question that the driverless car is a technological advancement in today's society. However there is a very, very importanat question that has yet be completely answered. The question is this; is the full use of a driverless car a necessary technological advancement? The answer is yes to this important question, as the driverless car is a necessary technological advancement. The first reason is the infinite possibilities taht a driverless car offers that would benefit society. The second reason is the safety that a driverless car could offer if it's completed fully. Both of these reasons in support of the driverless car could benefit society in many ways. The technological advancement of the driverless car is a necessary one and would benefit society.

The developmentment of a driverless car would offer infinite possiblities that would provide many important benefits. One such benefit is that the driver would have the ability to both rest and relax. some may argue that the driver should never be resting and relaxing when at the wheel. However, if the driverless car was completely developed then there wouldnt be a need for the driver. A car driving itself while the driver relaxes is a better alternative than a tired sriver. Also, as mentioned in the passage, if every car was driverless, the transportation efficiency / speed would excel. If every fleet car was on the same system, the transportation would be both efficient and flawless,

There's a common saying that computers do not make mistakes no matter what circumstance. Of course, if a car is driverless then it will be on a completely computerized system. Think of a car that makes no mistakes. Would this not result in much higher saftey? Think of a driver that makes no mistake. Would this not result in a much higher saftey? A common person would want the highest safety that they have while they are driving. Unsafe driving is a result of driver mistakes, so what if the driver made no mistake. The answer to the concern of unsafe driving is the driverless car, without a doubt. Use of driverless cars would definitely be the safest way of transportation that is possible.

Clearly, the development of a driverless car is one of society's very great technological advancements. The question still remains that the devlopment of driverless car a necessary technological advancemnt. The answer to this question has yet to be determined to the point where it'S certain. People will continue to develop their own answer, until the question is fully answered for them. The answer to the question is yes, as the devlopment of driverless cars is necessary. The use of a driverless car would provide infinite possibilities in today's very problemed transportation world. Also they would provide maximum safety to those wh are being transportated in the transportation world. The technological advancement of the driverless car is a necessary one and would benefit society.              