What is it about Venus, that make danger worth it? We all can't help to be curious even when it might require some danger. What is so important about Venus that cause us to try harder? Why are we so attached to Venus?

What type of danger is causing issues for us to find answers?

Scientist have sent spacecraft to planet to research and get evidence, but theres been a few issues. They have tried sending spacecraft to Venus but they have not had a sucessful one in over 3 decades. The thing about Venus is that it's temperature reach around 800 degrees fahrenhait, the atmosphere pressure is 90 times more than ours. Which can cause many issues for spacecrafts.

Scientist have found that earthquakes, volcanoes, and even lighting are located on Venus. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus." they say the believe that Venus might just have been the most Earth-Like planet. How? they believe that at some point Venus was the home to oceans, valleys, mountains, and even could support certain life form. What if there right? but they can only know if they have true evidence from Venus.

What if Venus was once a place where life could live, what happened? Scientist have been working hard on creating a spacecraft that can handle heat, but also pressure. "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" they talk about working with NASA. They came up with the idea that maybe if we create a type of hovering car that could be close the Venus, but not on Venus. A car that could handle some pressure and some heat, without being destroyed. In the beginning they thought it would be a great idea, and yes it would get them close to get some information about Venus. The only issue is that if they really wanted true answer. They would have to get evidence that would surpport there questions. One day we will get up and personal with Venus and get our answers.

"The Challenge of Exploring Venus" Is the danger worth it, yes. Think about all the things we could teach and show people. Share with them the amazing information we never knew about Venus. We are never going to get answer if we don't search for them. Danger is always going to be a issue. Curosity is always going to be the reason we push harder and ask more questions. 