Have you ever had a really hard decision that you can't make up your mind about? Sometimes when you're thinking, you may not know what decision is the healthiest for you to make. Having more than one opinion on a problem can lead to making a better choice making process. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a choice that impacts them in a great way.

People are very different from one another. Most of the time when there is a problem, they have different opinions and views on that certain issue. When searching for advice on decision making, you can get different choices and see what works best for you. One person may not know whats best for you, but if you have someone else that you can talk to, they might. The people you are talking to can have solutions that are not the same. You can use their advice, and choose which set you like the best.

Seeking help from more than one person can help you make the right choice. When you talk to more than one person, you may have a set of advice to lean on if the other set doesn't seem to be working. It is very similar to a plan A, plan B situation. When looking for advice from two people who are similar, you can use a little bit of each set of advice, adn use the one that will work best for you. When having multiple peoples advice combined, that can, mostly always, lead to better decision making.

When faced with a lot of stress, your decision making abilities may not be working as well as it usually does. In this case, you may not know what is best for yourself. Most of the time we don't know whats best for ourselves, but having multiple people to talk to can help us make better decisions. Other people may know what is best for you. When talking to more than one person about the problems/issues you're having, one of those people might not know much about your issues as much as the other person. Talking to multiple people may help you get more reliable information that can help you in your decision making process.

So yes, seeking information from multiple people can help improve decision making. Advice will differ from person to person, but the outcome will be better, rather than talking to just one person. Talking to more than one friend at a time is a healthy solution to help make hard decisions.