Distractive driving

Two seconds is all it takes to risk the lives of the driver and people on the road. For the driver to take their eyes and brain off the task of driving is highly dangerous. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle because they are putting their safety and others endangered and risk rising insurance prices.

Multitasking and using a mobile phone while behind the wheel is distracting to the driver, which can be life-threatening. Distractive driving effects all drivers equally whether the driver is talking on the phone, texting, on social media, or taking photos. For example, Emily wrote, "Unfortunately, more and more people are making the dangerous decision to text and drive, which causes 1.6 million crashes and almost 400,000 injuries per year, according to The National Safety Council-that's one out of every four car accidents!"(Delbridge) In other words, studies found that operating a mobile phone while driving slows the reaction time of the driver, and restricts a driver's perception skills; which increases the likelihoods of being involved in a collision. Distractive driving is equivalent to drunk driving because the behavior causes negative consequences that are life threatening. Especially for inexperience drivers and those who lack skill. To add on, the "Children's Hospital of Philadelphia" states, "In 2017 according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 3,166 people were killed in 2,935 distraction-affected crashes, accounting for 9 percent of all fatal crashes in the United States." (Distracted Driving Research)

All driver should know that if they cause an accident because of risky behavior, their car insurance rate will certainly increase. It is important to know because the bad behavior of distractive driving can have an impact on other drivers too. For instance, Emily's article states, "Because of this, car accident rates have risen over 14 percent since 2014. Not only does this make driving more dangerous for everyone, but it also contributes to increased car insurance premiums for everyone." (Delbridge) The car insurance premiums are established by many different components, including the drivers' neighborhood, age, distance of commute, driving history, and the behavior of other drivers. The last category is why texting and driving effects everyone. Those who tend to use their cellphone while driving is the reason that the annual U.S. traffic fatalities are rise with insurance claims.

Drivers should not use their mobile phone in any way while operating any motorize vehicle. If there is any need to use the cellphone for emergencies, the GPS, or music, Please, pullover or do it before you start to proceed driving.

In conclusion drivers need to drive and only drive because whatever it is that is distracting is not worth people's lives.

Work Cited

Delbridge, Emily. "Are You Paying Higher Car Insurance Because of the Texting Epidemic?" The Balance, The Balance, 13 June 2019, https://www. thebalance. com/how-texting-and-driving-push-insurance-rates-up-4163808.

"Distracted Driving Research." Center for Injury Research and Prevention, 7 Nov. 2018, https://injury. research. chop. edu/teen-driving-safety/distracted-driving-research#.Xe_nJ-hKjHo.

Wallington 3            