Dear Principal,

I think you should require all students to do at least five hours a week of community service.

This is because it helps us take perspective on what is happening in our community.

In some cases kids think that community service is a waste of time and that they are above helping others, these kids may like community service and do not know it because they have not tried it.

Our community is in trouble, there is a high rate of poverty, homelessness, hunger, and illiteracy.

Simple volunteering can help fight these problems; one small step is still a step none the less.

For example I have recently volunteered at the Children's Book Bank, an organization that helps fight illiteracy by giving books to kids living in poverty.

After volunteering I experienced a feeling as if I had done a huge task instead of a small one.

Inside I knew that I had done something that would help kids learn to read and as a voracious reader just the simple task of volunteering a little bit of my time felt good.

Sometimes it is not that they feel above helping others but that they do not know what it is that you do when to volunteer.

One time I had a volunteer opportunity step up, when asking my older sister if she wanted to come along she said that she was too busy and could not spare the time.

When I returned I found my sister laying on the couch watching TV, when I asked my dad what she had done while I was gone he said she had watched TV the whole time.

Finding that she had used work as an excuse next time I volunteered in the community I took her along, fight it the entire time my sister ended up loving the experience and wanting to go again.

As you can see it is not always that they are too busy but that they sometimes they don't know what it is like.

Not only is it good that we volunteer, it is crucial if we want to improve our community.

It is a simple task to volunteer, a task that if multiplied becomes a great step toward a better community, a community that is better for all of us.

From your student,

STUDENT_NAME