Dear Senator,

I heartily agree that we the people should keep the Electroral College. Like you may already know, "the ElectoralCcollege is a process, not a place." Our founding fathers have made it, and as we look back into history, we realize that they were right about how a lot of things run in the U.S., so why should we question them now? Even we too as citizens know that they were right for making the Electoral College. As much as we aren't a citizen- ruled society, we aren't a totalitarian society either.

A really good reason for having the Electoral College is simply recognizefd by saying that it kind of gives us(the citizns of America) the "power" to vote for our president, rather than it being inherited, or voted upon solely by government officials, or some ranom process like in North Korea where Kim Jung Uun gets voted because he basically brainwashed his people into loving him. It gives us a certainty that we can chose the betterment for America. Also, though roughly half of the U.S. might agree, and the other half might disagree, you are entitled to your own opinion, and voting gives you the chance to show your opinion about whom you believe should be able to run our beatiful homeland as our trusted founding fathers once did, as presidnet.

I'm sure that it has come to you that their are, in fact, several great reasons for allowing the Electoral college still run, but their is a couple of downsides. First off, the people within the Electoral College that vote for us citizens, don't vote for each individual person, they vote based upon who is voted the most in their relative area in whichever state their in, so the people don't all get their votes out. This could have turned several presidential elctions around and helped the man or woman that lost in the election to win it.

After seeing the great pro's and the tiny con's, I'm sure your settled upon the opinion of holding on to the Electoral College,though you are entitled to your own opinion, you can't deny the facts.

Yours truly,

First name Last name                                                                            