Why asking multiple people for advice helps people make better choices

People always want to find a single, simple answer. Though, people can't find that answer in just one way. Sometimes people can find multiple answers in multiple people, but that does not make it the right answer. It's always better to ask trusted people of advice, but sometimes there not there to ask, so asking others can get results as well. Asking multiple people can help so others can do their best, it can broaden someones options to better choices, and so that people can know what's right .

One reason why asking multiple people can help to make healthy decisions, is so that people can do their best. One example of this is called constructive criticism. An example of a job that has a lot of constructive criticism is an editing firm. Writers will have editors who will instruct the writer what needs to be changed or added. Sometimes, the editor sends copies of the book to friends or colleagues so they can get even more input so they can help the writer as much as possible. That is why constructive criticism can help people make healthy decisions.

Another reason people ask multiple people so they can make the healthy choice, is so that people can broaden their options. There is never only one right option, there can be multiple right options! Sometimes people will get really good advice from someone, but they can't fallow the advice because of some type of setback. So getting multiple healthy choices can help the person so if they need too, they can still get where they want to go. Even if there is a really great answer, people can't always fallow it.

The final reason why asking multiple people for advise can help make healthy decisions, is so that they know what the right decision is. If someone asks only one person, they will only get their opinion on what is right. Asking more than one person however, someone could see that maybe person A would rather lie than to tell the truth, while maybe the persons B, C, and D would tell the truth. Now, based off of others morals, it would be better and healthier to tell the truth rather than to lie. People may have different opinions, but it's still important to do what is right.

In the past few paragraphs, it explains why people would want to ask multiple people so that they can make the best decision possible. In the first paragraph, it explains why people would give constructive criticism to others and how it could help them. In the second paragraph, it talked about how broadening someones options can help them find multiple good answers. Finally, in the last paragraph, it explains the importance of finding the best answer even if some people disagree. That is why a person might ask multiple people, so that they can make the best and healthiest decision they can.