Are you battling something in life right now that you just can't attend school everyday or even attend it at all ? Do the teachers in the classrooms move to fast for you to understand whats actually going on ? Are you taking care of a sick or injured family member ? These are some things that will take away the chances of students going to school everyday, but there benefits that will help kids that are having these sorts of problems in life.

My first reason is having to take care of a sick or injured family member. In some families students that attend schools has to take care of someone thats sick or injured because that's who the sick or injured person only has in life. Some days the students are not going to be able to go to school because they have to watch after them, and some students can't even make it to school at all. I have a friend name Generic_Name, and she has a brother name Generic_Name that she takes care of everyday. She doesnt attend school at the moment because her brother is special needs, and he needs her help throughout the day while their parents are at work. Generic_Name makes sure her brother eats, takes his medicine when needed, and bathes every morning like he's supposes to. Generic_Name is not able to go to school like the rest of us, so she takes online classes instead to make things easier for her. It allows her to do the classes whenever she wants or needs to, so if she's busy at the moment helping her brother it won't affected her classes online. Even though Generic_Name doesnt attend school her dream is to graduate like the rest of us and get her diploma on time.

Another reason is the students thats has cancer, a disease, or even on suicidal watch, and cant make it to school because their doctor tells them not to go or they can't go. If there wasn't a online or video conference to help these students out, they would've had to drop out of school until they've got better and sometimes they don't even get better. My sister has a friend name Generic_Name and she's suicidal. Generic_Name tried to kill herself four times because she couldn't take life for what it was anymore. She ended up having to stay in the hospital for months because of what she was trying to do to herself. Since Generic_Name couldnt go to school she started falling behind in all of her class assignments and started failing the classes too. The school brought across Generic_Name families attention that she could take the classes that she's falling behind on and failing online until the doctor says shes able to go back to school. While Generic_Name was in the hospital she took all her class on the computer, and even video conference with her teachers to get a better understanding of the assignments. When the doctor told Generic_Name that he feels thats shes ready to go back home and go to school, Generic_Name was passing her classes with A's and B's. Generic_Name ended up graduating High School because of the online and video conferencing with her teachers helping her get an advanced diploma.

My final reason what if the teacher is moving to fast for the students to understand whats going on. Sometimes in class teachers move a lot faster than what students can understand. When teachers are moving faster it makes some students fall behind because they can't keep up with his or her pace. Taking the online class can help the students a lot more because they're going at they're own pace and actually understanding what they're doing. Theres a lot of people I know that takes online classes because it helps them out more than what the teachers can do for them in class. Letting them take the online classes help them pass the classes with A's and B's not C's or D's, and making them feel more strongly about the subject than before. Helping them push their GPA up way more than what it was before taking the online classes.

Online and video conferencing can help a lot of kids in it's own ways that some people dont even know. Just think about how many people will get a chance to graduate, and get their diploma with using this method for more help in their classes. This is a different but smart technique that will help students in the future grow up with the help they need in life. Using this will flip student worlds upside down from the bad, and making it the best thing they ever did while they were in school. The online classes and video conference helped a lot of people, and can even help someone that you're close to in life thats going through personal problems.         