I don't believe the students would benefit from being able to do their work from home. It would be harder for them to actually focus and get the work done if they are in their house trying to do the school work. Students are more likely to get distracted by things. They are also likely to get carried away or forget to do some or all of the work that is assigned to them. Then it would be harder for the student to be able to ask or get help if they do not under stand something that was posted or assigned to them.

First off the students would probable be on their phone a lot more and not focusing on the school work that needs to be completed. Also if they have a family member or pet in the house they will most likely end up playing with the pet or get carried away talking the person in their home. Students will end up turning the TV on and get distracted by watching something or play video games. They would just have a harder time with everything in their house to get things done. With all of these distractions they will most likely not do the work assigned.

I think students will sometimes not do the work because they are gonna be all comfortable in their house and be to lazy to start or finish it. Then a student is in a environment that they live in so they are gonna want to do more fun things then do some boring school work. Sense they have the ability to do the work any time they will just keep say I will just do it later and that will end up to them making plans and then the work never gets completed or turned in. Students would also be a little discouraged in doing the work because they do not fully understand the unit or what the work is asking for.

How will students be able to ask or receive help on the task or the work they are given.

Most students learn better when they have someone next to them teaching them the new unit. With them taking the work online they cant ask for help or questions because the teacher is not next to them or there for them. It's harder for them to get hands on learning experiment when the are at home behind a screen and most teachers say more things and help more in the class rooms. With all of these things coming into factor it would not be smart to let them do the work from home.

I think students just need to come into school and get there work done in the environment that is set up for them to do work. Schools limit the destruction in the classes to help people get the assignments done and have them focused and less distracted in the class rooms. Also there are teachers and other workers there to help you so that you understand what the question is asking and so you are not lost and falling behind. When you come to school you are there to get the work done and finish it so you dont have to take it home and do it in your free time. I believe it is not a good idea to let students work from home. 