I believe that we should get rid of Electoral College because it seems like that it causes more problems then it does with popular vote. So i think that we should use elections to popular vote over electoral voting. For example, the disaster affect which the state legislatures took responsibilty for picking electors, and those electors could always defy the will of the people. Even though that the electoral college has some pros it has more cons.

There are a couple things wrong with the Electoral college. In the electoral college system you dont vote for your president you vote a state of electors who in turn elect the president. If your vote won then the state that you live in would get that amount of electoral votes. For example, if you live in florida and your slate of electors won then your president would get 29 electoral votes. But in there has been a few instances where this system has not worked becasue of how close the votes were to each other. If there was a tie then it would be sent to the house of representatives where the state delegations vote on the president. This is one of the reasons why I dont like the electoral college because its one big long process when actually it could only take a couple days if we used popular vote instead of electoral college.

At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner take all system in each state canidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. It is not fair to alot of people in our country that they have to be put into this long process of determining who our president is going to be when they could just vote and then they'll be done if they use the popular vote system. If we get rid of the electoral college then the popular vote system will be a more quick and efficent way of voting for our president. Also, there will be less tension in our country and less aruguments going on.

It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. And the arguments aganist direct elections are spurious at best. Even though there might some reasons why you believe that we should still have the electoral college there are more dangers and risks if we keep the electoral collge. But if we get rid of the electoral college and put in our popular vote system then choosing our president will a lot easier and it will take away controversy in our counrty.    