Have you seen the Grand Canyon? Then you probably know that it was not Pual Bunyon who made it, water carved out the Grand Canyon. Nature makes all of the landmarks that we have. Nature can also make landmarks on other planets as well. This is why the Face on Mars has to be a natural formation.

To begin with, I know that the face is a natural landform because it resembles something in the United States. Chief scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program, Jim Garvin, thought that the Face resembles Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. He also said it was a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face of Mars. This shows that even one of the top leaders of NASA's Mars Exploration Program believes that this Face is only a natural landform. Besides, NASA would want to find aliens to prove that there is life on Mars.

Equally as important, nobody has proved that there is any other living thing on a planet except for Earth. Mars is too far away from the sun, and there is very little to no oxygen on the surface of Mars. Even if there is life on Mars, it would be mircoscopic organisms, and they could not build a large structure like the Face. This is another reason why the Face is a natural landform.

And finally, if the Face was made by aliens, then wouldn't there have to be some kind of civilization or living area. The aliens would probably want to be somewhat close to their great formation. However, nobody has located any type of civilization on Mars. With the more powerful that NASA had on the latest probe, they said that you could have see things as small as a shack. Plus, if the aliens built one landmark, why not build another one, but nothing else out of the ordinary has been found by scientists. Lastly, nobody has seen a civilization, so the Face could not have been built by aliens.

In conclusion, there is no strong evidence that the Face on Mars is built by aliens. All the facts point to the idea that the Face is just a natural landform. Scientists took planty of pictures of the Face, trying to find whatever made the Face, but they have found nothing. Besides, there is a natural formation that resembles the Face which proves that they both probably formed the same way. Plus, NASA would want there to be living things on another planet besides Earth, but even they reject the idea that the Face was made by aliens. All this shows why the Face on Mars is only a natural landform.