Some students need alternatives for learning and schools should be liable to provide them. Whether it's a class or just school in general, students should have options based on whichever way they learn the best. Some students just want to take online so they can use their resources while doing their work, others like it because it's the environment they are able to learn in the most efficiently in. In my opinion, it doesn't matter what reason they have to take the class. All that matters is the student is getting a better grade and learning more than the environment he or she was in. Of course they're people who need to be in a different environment because of medical or mental reasons; But this doesn't mean we shouldn't provide it for those who are struggling in a classroom environment.

Honestly I find this prompt ironic because this year is the first time i've taken an online class and i've been asked, "isn't that for kids with special needs?" ,and I find myself saying exactly what I wrote in the first paragraph! Since I am taking an online class I can safely say that it has helped me. The reason I took my class online (History) is because the classroom I was in was very hectic. I am in honors and that is one of the only honors classes I am taking so I didn't want the reason for me dropping out of honors to be my teacher/class, and that's when I thought about online class. Instead of dropping the class I was able to still take honors online and my grade went from a C to an A. On top of that, I have more fun being in this class so it makes me wanna learn. I truly believe that I can learn more in a week of online class than I would a year of History with Generic_Name. It's not that he's a bad teacher, once again, it's just that environment isn't for me.

I believe that schools should feel obligated to provide an alternative for student's education. In my opinion, the evidence speaks for itself. Would you rather spend a year wasting your time in a class that you might fail because it isn't the way you learn, or would you rather spend 8 months in a class that you'll have fun in and retain the information for the rest of your life? Duh, the one you'll do bad in.(sarcasm) Schools already provide alternatives for a lot of kids, but mostly for people who need it (medical reasons). But that doesn't mean the students who are struggling in ordinary environments don't "need" it too.

I didn't know how to indent so I used spaces.