Learning would not occur if kids were told to do it themselves, whenever they wanted. The integration of online classes in school causes a detrimental decline in learning. The schedule and structure of school prepares students for college and their jobs after school. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because learning is most efficient in a classroom setting, social interactions are important, and more dropouts would occur due to online classes.

Looking at a computer screen for hours at a time can affect one's mental state and ability to comprehend new information. Learning is most efficient in a classroom setting where students can ask questions and collaborate with their peers. Students are able to discuss topics in group settings and get a deeper understanding of the material. In addition, students are more likely to keep up with their homework due to the encouragement of their peers, while online students often struggle do to the lack of motivation to get their work turned in on time. Classroom learning sets students up for success.

Online classes have a negative impact on the overall growth of students due to the lack of social interactions. Looking at a computer will not give kids the social skills they need in order to be successful. Having face-to-face conversations with their teacher, giving presentations in front of their whole class, and having group discussions are all things that online students miss out on. Those interactions lead to a greater understanding of the topics and students will remember giving a presentation rather than submitting a PowerPoint online. Social interactions are an important aspect in learning.

Online classes will lead to an increase in the number of dropouts. Students will take advantage of the freedom and flexibility of the courses and will not be motivated to get their work done. School provides a much needed structure for kids to learn in a controlled environment without outside factors getting in the way. There are too many external factors at home that can prevent students from learning to their full potential. Students will no longer be motivated to learn and ,therefore, more dropouts will occur.

Although it may sound convenient, online courses would do much more harm than good. Kids get distracted with their everyday lives and school is a structured place from them to learn. Learning in a classroom setting gives students the preparation they need for jobs after school. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because learning is most efficient in a classroom setting, social interactions are important, and more dropouts would occur due to online classes.