"Hey Generic_Name, i'm thinking about going to Generic_Name's party tonight even though my parents said I cant, do you think I should go?" asked Generic_Name with a look of curiosity in his eyes. With no hesitation I responded with,"for sure, It will be fun and plus that cute girl from Generic_School is supposed to be there."Okay thanks" said Generic_Name with excitement in his voice. The next day I walk into my first block class and see Generic_Name sitting there with his head on the table." Hey Generic_Name, how was that party last night?" I asked."It was horrible, my parents found out I wasnt home on time so they tracked my phone location, shut the party down, yelled at me in front of everyone, and grounded me for two months." He stated with a angry and sluggish voice." It's all your fault if you would of just told me not to go I wouldnt be in this situation right now." Generic_Name exclaimed. "I'm sorry, next time just ask more than one person for there opinion."I said sincerely."Yeah your right I shouldnt of blamed it on you." he stated. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it may influence that persons choice, others might look at something in a different perspective then you, and finally others may have more experience in that subject.

One reason why people seek multiple opinions is because it may influence you choice. For example if Generic_Name asked another friend for their opinion his choice might of changed. Lets say his other friend said that his parents might catch him and he may get grounded because he chose to disobey his parents. That may influence Generic_Name's choice because he knows if he gets grounded his parents will take away his electronics and he really dosnt want that to happen. So then he chooses not to go to the party. Studies show that you are most likely to do the right thing rather than the wrong thing eight out of ten times when you ask more then one person for there opinion.

Another reason why people seek multiple opinions is because others might look at something with a different perspective. In simpler terms, because others may look deeper into something then others. For example if you ask someone what type of phone you should get and you say a iPhone because it has the best quality and is most popular. Then you ask another friend and they say you should get a Samsung because it has great durability and you drop your phone a lot so you might want to go with the Samsung because it may save you in the long run so you do not have to pay the extra money to buy new screen all the time.

The final reason why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is that one of the people you may ask could have a history in the subject. In other words, some people may know more about things then others. For example if you are asking your piers about what type of car you should buy and one of them used to sell cars for Honda. They suggest that you should purchase a Honda Acord because of the reasonable price, the great gas millage, the long lasting and high quality fabric that the seats are made of, and the surplus of trunk space. I would most likely trust the guy who used to sell the car versus anyone else.

"Hey Generic_Name, I was wondering if I should go to Generic_Name's party tonight,even though my parents told me no, any thoughts?" asked Generic_Name." You should defiantly go, that would be so fun plus I think that cute girl from Generic_School is going to be there, but ask someone else to to see what they think." I said. "Hmm, why would I need do that?" he asked with a confused look upon his face."Because its always better to hear from more then one person while asking for advice." I stated. "Okay, i'll go ask Generic_Name." he said as he walk of into the mess of people in the hallway all grouped up like ant's when you drop food."Hey Generic_Name should I go to Generic_Name's party tonight?" he asked. Generic_Name hesitated then replied with,"well did your parents say you could?"." No, but I can just say i'm going to hang out at a friends house for a bit." Generic_Name said softly with a quite tone."You may get into a lot of trouble if you go, just play it safe and lay low." Generic_Name said."True, thanks for your input." replied Generic_Name. The next day I walk into my first block class and see Generic_Name sitting there with a big smile spread across his face."Why are you so happy Generic_Name?" I asked with confusion. "The party last night got shut down, someones' parent caught them and they all got in trouble." Generic_Name said. And that is why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.                                                                  