Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from honme by way of online video conferncing. Is good idea to take classes online or not good idea to take classes online?

It is a great idea to take classes online, this is in my openin because it is fafe the students times. Like (work in deffrent time ) (Famileis responsiblity) (Sickness and transportion)

work in deffrent time sa we all know that work that may effect the time of students becaue is impossible any work places give the students the schedule that they want it. So after student done from work ,they can take online classes fom home that will make them more relax.

Because after work is hard to focus in the classes but if students take from home they will have time to ate and more fouse. Online classes can give more time to do other activety,like sports, go out with friends.

Sickness,transportion ,Parke if students sick so bad do they can go to school ofcurs not first of all the student who is sick can make the other student sickt too. So that's why the online classes can make the different for students additional sick persons may can not drive too ,and may not all students have cars and parking some time students vhave to pay fo parking too. Frthuer more the wather may not help smoe time to dive to anywhere.

Families responsiblit,

it is good benefit from families ,being to attend classes online. Because there we all know may some of students have chidern, or students are disaplelty person ,example disapolty persons can not go bythemsevs to school in the issue the online classes can make for thses students a big different so they can take time off if they are not feel well,and take their pale in the time. And that will help students that don't want to school because of these kind of issue the online class will be btetter for them. Or if students are moter or father, it will be easy for them to kake care of their childern and take classes online . So there will calm in the mind of the students because they will know that wouldn't be missing classes. Hwoevery; they will feel busy in their time but at lest there is options which is online classes. The great benefit of online classes for mother or father that may be they are students is the time. Which if they have kids or teenagers the online claeese can be benefitationl bacuse they can speent time with their kids and teen to see if they are doign good in school.

And the end the technology make the lifes easly and helpful;safe time,make anything be done on the time, so we can say technology refund the time for these who always busy.