In the follow paragraphs I will be explaining why I believe that we should not be making Driverless cars. I believe that it is extremely important for people to be able to drive on their own and these cars will be bascially going against that to a certain extent.

First, I believe that having driverless cars purposely contridicts the whole drivers test establishment. I know that some of the driverless cars will have to have the driver to keep their hands on the steering wheel the entire time, but they can still be distracted. Plus some people are thinking about making cars that can drive themselves in any and all situations. What are we supposed to do if the auto drive in the car beaks or malfuctions, if you are in the car and dont know how tho drive you are completely stuck until someone can either fix the car or drive the car for you.

Second, I believe that driverlees cars are not excatly the best idea to be introducing to this generation's teenagers while we are in the age of technology. Today's teens are, for the most part, extremely attached to their phones. For example, some students are so attached to them that instead of getting them taken for a week (which is just five days) they would rather take a suspension from school. I mean why would you risk your education over something as stupid as a phone. If teens can't even stay off their phones while in school, why should we let them have the abiltiy to use them while in the driver seat of a driverless car. If they are on their phone and not paying attention, and the auto driver breaks down what is going to happen. Someone could be hurt or worse, dead from them being irresponsible and not paying attention to the roads.

Don't get my critism of the entire idea confused, I think it is a splendid idea. It's just that their are really to many distractions in this world for anyone, not everyone, to stay completely focused. This is a great idea, but if we could find a way to make sure that everyone keeps their minds on the task at hand and pay attention to the road this would be even better than it already is.

In the end of this all one person can't stop this by themselves. This is a great idea but if you can't find a way to make this safer than it already is you might just lose alot of potential customers.