A driverless car seems so cool and nobody would never have to really do anything. But, there are consequences that comes with that project. Well one if a person is going to buy one of those driverless would really have to think about it like do i really need it or what will happen while i have this car. A driverless is alright but what if the manufactures made it that the driver could still have control when ever they want. Without the car alerting them its time to take over whenever the driver gets tired of driving they would just hit a button and the will drive on its own.

What if the driver gets into a(n) accident? Who would pay for the damaged car because it wouldn't be right for the driver to pay. The manufactures were the ones who made the car. So, therefore they shoul have thought like if the car startsto not function right it is the vechiles fought not the driver. It wouldn't make sense for the driver to pay. The manufactures would really have to be the ones to apy for the damaged. If were the driver that had to pay they were the ones that wanted the car but on the other hand it's not the drivers fault for the carnot functioning right.

Why would anyone want to have a driverless car that still needs a driver. Wouldn't drivers get bored of just sitting there. What is the whole point of have a driverless car when the driver obvislously still needs to drive it. Then might as well is not have a driverlesss car. Having a driverless car is a very dangerous thing because not only would the car be movineon it's own but the driver would get distracted. either, by his/her phone or thier kids in the back not acting right. The driver would either text and drive. Also, thedriver would take anvantage of it like they could be drinking and driving because they are not controling the car.

So, honestly in my opinon it is not right to have a driverless car because of safety reasons and money situations as in the driver would have to pay because the car was not functioning right. And also texting and driving , drinking etc.          