In this article it talks about how scientists should focus on exploring Venus our sister planet. They want to further explore Venus because of how facinating the planet is. The only problem is that the weather, atmosphere, and pressure on Venus is very deadly. No spaceship has ever lasted a long time on Venus, so not much is really known about what is hiding on its surface. That's why scientists thing that we should explore more into Venus. By exploring Venus our understanding of more planets in out solar system would expand greatly.

The author gives many claims and examples of how we can further explore Venus with little to no probelms. The first claim is that a blimp-like ship could hover over the planet at a safe area to achieve more information anout the planet and atmosphere. The temperature would still be hot and crazy, but it would not be as hot as the surface of Venus is. Also the pressure would be safe and would not kill anyone like it would on the surface of Venus. But the only probelm with this idea is that the people can not get any physical samples of rock, gas, and any other material on Venus. They would only be able to observe from the ship that is hovering over the planet. This idea would work, but the information that we would get wouldn't be as helpful as acturally going onto Venus's surface

Another claim that the author gives that we could try is that, scientist have made simplified electronics made out of silicon carbide already that can survive up to 3 weeks in the conditions Venus has. Along with this is by looking back into older technologies and how strong and stable they are. And how we can incorperate this into ships and other things that could travel to Venus safely. This would work but it wouldn't last forever and would eventrally melt and or something would happen to the objects that are preasent. This idea would work up to a certain area and would give us only limited information that we could obtain.

The author is all for exploring Venus and that we should try harder and focus more on the exploration of Venus. The author does give some decent claims about how we could take it into action. But the claims he gives don't really show how we can get to Venus. The claims that the author has given in the reading are well but together, and they seem like they would work up to a certain extent. In the reading the author makes it seem that we should put all of our time into exploring Venus, and he gives many reasons why. And what information we would gain out of exploring Venus. The author gives many helpful ideas that would not be as dangerous as just going to the planet's surface. Overall the auhtor gives his support to the exploration of Venus, and his claims are very well towards that idea as well.

In all not just the author thinks that we should explore our sister planet Venus. There are many people that have thought of this idea and that we should work towards it. Venus is a very interesting planet and has many things that have yet been discovered about it. Overall the author fully supports that claim that we should further explore Venus for many reasons that would be successful to us and help our knowledge grow.

Venus is the only planet that could've looked like earth many years ago, and still has many similar features to this day with earth. 