Twenty five years ago the Viking 1 spacecraft was taking pictures of Mars, when the spacecraft got a picture of something that looked like a human face, they named it the Face. Scientist from NASA have done futher research on the Face and think that it is a mesa, but others think that the Face was created by aliens. The Face on Mars is simply, a natural landform, and was not created by aliens like some people think.

When the scientist discovered the Face they were very excited because they thought it was something special, but the feeling was short lived. The scientist figured out it was a Martian mesa, which is very common around Cydonia. To better describe the Face would be to say it is: a huge rock formation that respembles a human head. A mesa is a rock formation and rocks can look like all kinds of things, even a human head.

Pictures were taken of the Face in 1976, 1998, and 2001 the resolution on the pictures getting better as technology advances. If one simply looks at the pictures they could tell that the Face is just a rock and it was not alien-made. In 1998 the Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time and took pictures that were ten times sharper than the original pictures, it was then that the scientist decided that the Face was a rock. The people were still in denial, so NASA set out to get more pictures in 2001. When the pictures came back it was clear that the Face was still just a mesa and was not made by aliens.

At this point the scientist were satisfied, the Face was just a Martian equivalent to a butte or mesa. One scientist even compared it to things on Earth. Scientist Jim Garvin said, "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho". The Face is a mesa that was formed naturally just like a mesa on Earth. They both look the same and were not created by aliens.

The Face that was found on Mars in 1976, was not made by aleins and is just a mesa that was formed naturally. Multiple pictures determined that it just happened to look like a human face and upon closer examination was not alien-made. The Face has been compared to things on Earth like a butte or a mesa multiple times. This proves that the Face was not made by aliens and is a natural Martian mesa.  