Distance learning classes will benefit many students. Online classes provide a better environment, kids have more freedom, and these at home classes will help them focus more.

Allowing students to have classes at home benefits them in a positive way because it allows room for a better environment. In many schools kids are constantly being bullied, taunted, or mistreated. This form of learning, either online or through video conference, happens in the sanctuary of your home and stops this mistreatment from happening. For example, if a kid in class wasn't wearing the newest "in trend" clothes, that kid is at a high risk of being bullied by fellow classmates. Kids have a major effect on each other and can be easily bullied or manipulated by any person throughout the school, even some teachers can take part in this too. Learning at home is a safe and warm environment where a child can really feel safe and secure which can benefit them in a great way.

Distance learning courses for students gives them freedom. In school you are never capable of doing anything, you always have to ask or be told, and can never do what you want. Teachers say no, faculty constantly tells you what to do, and even some older students think they have authority over you. Imagine being at school and asking to use the bathroom and a teacher says no without a valid reason. Being at home can create freedom for the child and they can go freely as they please. A child can go to the bathroom whenever they feel the need, they can get something to eat, or even just relax for a few minutes and take a break. At home courses cause children to still be able to fully learn and not be overly controlled to the point where there's no freedom.

Lastly, by having these online courses students are able to really focus on their schooling. As a kid, being in school is a major distraction. You have friends constantly distracting you, drama always going on, and so many other things that can cause you to lose focus. Being at home makes creates little to no room for distractions. A student can easily find a nice quiet place in their home to have their online class or video conference. Having a quiet place or even somewhere with less chaos around you has many benefits. One of which is a students true focus on the class, they can easily get their work done faster because there are no distractions. School is such an important thing in your life and it deserves a students full undivided attention so they can succeed.

Some people may say that by having your kid take classes at home can deprive them of having social contact. Having these classes doesn't mean that the student can't go out, they can easily get involved in extra curricular activities and make new friends. School isn't about being social its about getting your education so you can succeed. In conclusion, having in home classes by distance learning benefits students in a great way. Being at home gives kids a better learning environment, they have more freedom versus being in school, and it can allow them to focus on what is important.