I think students would not benefit taking online classes or videos conferencing from home. Students not learn to much because they do not receive a good explication about the class as a real teacher would to explains in the school,

not have rulers and online classes not catches the students attention.

Students not learn to much taking online class because they need to receive a good explication about the class, as real a teacher explains in the school. For example, if you are a student but you have questions and doubts, but the classes online or videos conferencing does not answer and give you good explications about the class. Would you learn while you are keeping in mind all your questions and doubts? Other reason is that students do not learn taking online classes from home because they get confusion, not understand the class and they give up when nobody help them.

Would you able to do the right thing when there are not rulers taking a class? Electronics devices are the most powerful and useful tools that help us nowadays like cellphones, smartwatch and computers. However, many students are using electronic devices in the wrong way. For example, students that are taking online classes from home, they don't have rulers and they are using their phones to watch movies or texting with friends. This steal the students concentration, while they are taking the online classes. This can not happen during a normal day of school because teachers do not allows students to use electronics devices during class time. But students do not have the same rulers at home that teachers makes at school. This not benefit the knowledge of the students at home.

Online classes or videos conferencing not catchs the students attention like a teacher makes it. For example, if you are taking online classes from home and you are at the midpart of one the lesson but you get hungry then, you left the lesson to get eat. After eat you say, "I want to go to the park," then, you, went to the park, so forged all about your lesson. Would you able to do the same during a normal day of class in the school? A teacher does not allows that a student left the school or to go to the park at the midpart of the class, while he is teaching because he wants to catch your attention to make you to learn more and morer. However, online classes or videos conferencing you can stop it and go or do whatever you want, then you lose knowledge abou it.

Some say that taking online classes or videos conferencing from home is a benefit for students. They are wrong because the students not learn to much and they would have bad grades. Other say that online classes or videos conferencing explain in good details.. They are wrong because real teachers explain better than online class or videos conferencing.

As you can see, taking online classes or videos conferencing from home, not helps the students to learn because if they are confusing they will get bad grades , nobody answer their question or doubts and they don't have rulers or limited to use any electronics devices. This is not a benefit for students.