Dear Senator,

I think you should get rid of the Electoral College and use poular vote instead. I think this because the Electoral College acts as one. The Electoral College also does not give every state a chance to see who they are voting for. And last, but not least its just confusing.

I think you should use popular vote instead of the Electoral College because the Electoral College votes as a whole. There is not just one person in a state, there are thosands, sometimes millions. Not every single person cast the same vote, not every single person has the same views. If the Electoral College was used than it votes as a unanamyous vote, while there are different political parties within that state.

Another reason the Electoral College should not be used because it does not give evey state a fair chance. The Electoral College does not give every state a fair chance because the presidential canidates only visit the states with the larger amounts of electoral votes or the swing states. If a state doesn't have a large number of votes or isn't a swing state the canidates don't visit as said in source two. The smaller states don't see the canidates as much as the larger states because the Elctoral College makes it seem as though they can only have little if any impact on the outcome of the presidential race.

The final reason reason why the Electoral College should not be use dis because its just so confusing. The popular vote is a lot easier to understand than the Electoral College. Many people get confused during the election days because they do not understand the Electoral College. When they are voting they think they are voting for the President. The Electoral College doesn't mean that you are voting for the President you want, it just means that you're voting for the people who also want to vote for the same President as you.

In conclusion, Senator, these are the reasons why I think that we should use the popular vote instead of the Electoral College. First, the Electoral College votes as a whole instead of showing the a state's differences. Secondly, Presidentail canidates don't visit the states with a smaller amount of electoral votes. And lastly, the Electoral College is just confusing.    