Most people rely on vehicles for every day aarons. We use them to go to the store, beach, mall, everywhere, but don't people think there may be consequences? Limiting this extensive car use can benefit everyone by allowing him or her to be happy and reduce pollution.

To begin, limiting reliance on vehicles may help people become happier. In Vaubun, Germany, many have sold their vehicles and are now walking or biking to their destinations. Some parents felt that when they had a car, "[they were] always tense." (1) Instead of allowing themselves to be outside and free to move, they were trapped inside a small space. Now, they have the freedom to enjoy scenery, without a cost. In Bogota, Colombia, people hold an annual "car-free day". This event bans the use of any vehicle besides public buses and taxis. (3) "The turnout was large, despite... [the] rain showers. [The rain] hasn't stopped people from participating." (3) This shows that the citizens of Bogota are eager to attend such an event that prevents them of using their vehicles. Many believe this event is a "good oppurtunity to take away stress". (3) The event forces them to take a walk or get on their bike, without the stress of gas or tune-ups. Young adults in the United States believe that [getting a driver's license is] not a priority. They organize summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation." (4) This implies that they know walking is not as bad as it seems, and they do not need to rely on a car to get to places. Ultimately, this reduction of vehicle dependence can lead to less stress and a rise in happiness.

Futhermore, reducing the usage of cars may help reduce pollution. In Paris, France, people have experienced "near-record pollution. Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air".(2) This experience included smog, a very dense layer of water and pollution particles. This air is very dangerous to breathe and live in. "[In this city, sixty-seven] percent of vehicles [use diesel]." (2) Diesel is a heavier than gasoline, and is blamed for a large percentage of pollution. The ban alternates the usage of vehicles; even-numbered plates go one day, odd-numbered the next. This process is sought to cut the usage and emission of pollutants in half. Walking, biking, using public transportation, etc. help reduce pollution because they are services given or provided to everyone. Walking and biking do not emit harmful pollutants. Buses allow people to commute along with other people, but stop anywhere you want. Using these services instead of self-owned vehicles will help reduce pollution.

All in all, cars are handy for going miles and miles on end, but restricting car use to go to the store or down the street can help people become happier and reduce pollution.    