Should school summer projects be teacher-designed or student-designed? Some people think that the projects should be student-designed. Some people should have student-designed projects over the summer because they will be able to pick something they like that could be related to their summer break. They could still enjoy their summer break if their given the option for a student-designed project. Some people think the summer projects should be teacher-designed, but they are wrong because if students can do their own project it'll be more fun, interesting, and they will still enjoy their break.

Some people think that students should be given a teacher-designed project over the summer. People think that students should get the teacher project because it will be better leaning for the students. People think it will be more beneficial for the students. Some people think that students should be giving a teacher project over the summer, but they are wrong because if students do a student version then they will be more happy about the project and they will be less stressed over their summer break.

Some people think its better to have a student-designed project over the summer. Students should have a student-designed project over the summer because they can do it with friends to make the project more fun and exciting. The students would benefit from this because they can be with friends while working on their project. The students could even combine two projects together.

Some people think its good to have a student-designed project over the summer break. People think its better to have a student project over break because kids can have fun with the project and with friends. They could go on vacation together and have their project talk about what they did. The students would get some good education for the student project because they will be going to places around the world and they will learn new things while on vacation and add it to the project.

Some people think their should be a teacher-designed project over break, but they are wrong because if students had a student version then they will get more education out of it and they can present what they saw and where they visited to. Students will be able to have more fun with the student project and the projects will be even better if a friend went with someone on vacation and they could combine their projects together. People think that their should be a student-designed project over the summer because they will have a lot of fun and still stay educated.