Dear Principal,

I don't think that kid's should participate with the grade lower then a "F". But having a "C" is still passing school. So I don't think that we should have to have a "B" to play sports. Many kid's wouldn't follow up with it. And they wouldn't play sport's anymore. Why? Well some kid's can't keep there grades up that high, it can be very challenging. It could be very stressful to keep all of your grade's up to a "B". Some people can't even do it. Many people wouldn't like the change a bit. Many would end up leaving the school possibly. I know I do not do sport's but I know some people that are very into them and they're grade's aren't a "B", Not all of them at least. Most of them are a "C".

I have a feeling if something like this is going to happen, a lot of people aren't going to cooperate with it. Unless there like HUGE in sport's, but most people aren't that big into them. I know I'm not.

And then it'll come to the parent's, and I know a lot of parent's want there kid's in sport's, and the parent's will get mad about it, but then some might not, they will want there kid's to raise them to a "B". They'd help there kid's get that far. But, most of the kid's who play sports now, at least people I know, they're grade's are a "F". They aren't that good anyways, and it's hard keeping them up then.

Some end up quitting sport's, or getting kicked out because of reason's, which I don't know if grades are one of them. But I'm pretty sure that they would be. I mean, why not? Some parent's are real picky about kid's grade's. Some parent's would like the idea of having the grade be a "B". I know if I was in sport's my parent's would think the same thing. They don't even like it when I've got a "B". They say that I can do better then that. So then I try to, but sometimes, I'm not very successful at it. But parent's want what is best for there kid's and I guess having really good grade's is one of them. It sound's kind of weird but true at the same time.

This is what the school believes in though and no one can change the idea's of the principal or the school board, but if they try, they might succeed. If I was a parent I guess I would understand why parent's get mad about grade's. But I'm not one, so I really don't know anything about grade's, nor do I know a lot about sport's. But really, no kid should have to go to school, then not even do anything fun without having a "B". Kid's would hate the idea of that. There's always got to be something fun for us kid's to do, without it, it's like we are in a prison cell. With no way out, gross food, sitting all day long, fighting, WORK. But with the activities we have, it make's life a lot more FUN and we could just be able to go with the flow. So just think about this. Because I sure hope that you'd change your mind. If I was the principal of the school, I would listen to my student's, a lot of them know what they are talking about. They know more of what's going on at the school then some of the adult's here. Which is sad.

Sincerely,

Three Student's.