Cars have been used almost everywhere around the world to help us with our daily lives, like getting us to get to any where we want in a short amount of time. Though there are many beneifts to having a car,there is a price to pay, such as greenhouse gas. Many of us have been so accustomed to having a car, that not having one seems like it will make life complicated as it is. However that is not necessarily true, because just like there are benefits to having a car, there are benefits to limiting car usage.

For example, in Vauban, Gemany 70 percent of the family's in the community do not own any vehicle as a result of street parking, driveways and home garages being generallly forbidden, and 57 percent have sold their car to move there. A benefit that has come from cars being banned is some like Heidrun Wlater, a media trainer and mother of two, felt much happier without a car as oppossed to when she had a car she always felt tense.

However, Vauban is not the only commmunity that has used a movement called "smart planning", which is the separation of suburban life from auto use. The trend is growing in Europe, in the United States, as well as other places. Experts say that the method is an effort to greatly reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes. In places like Europe, passengar cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions. While places in the United States that has a high car usuage number is responsible for 50 percent of greenhouse gas emissions.

In addition to greenhouse gas emmisions, the usuage of cars is causing smog in places, such as Paris, where driving has been ban due to days of having a near-record pollution. However, with the exception of usuage for plug-in cars, hybird, and cars carrying three or more passengars. According to Reuters, research shows that Paris has more smog than other European capital. As a result of the ban, car traffic was down 60 percent in the capital. Furthermore, many delivery companies lost revenue. However, the benefit to ban of the usuage of cars is the smog cleared up enough for the ruling French party to lift off the ban on odd-number plates on Tuesday.

Moreover, just like in Europe, in the United States, President Obama wishes to reduce the amount of greenhouse gas emissions produce. The United States is well-known for its car culture. However, research has shown that Americans are buying less cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as the years go by. Part of the reason for this outcome is the result of the recession, which led to Americans not being able to buy new cars and unemployed did not need the use of the car since they were not going to work anyways. If the pattern of the usage of cars continues the way it's going many sociologist belive it will have a beneficial use on the reduction of carbon emissions and the environment.

In conclusion, though having a car seems to make life easier. It has a negative effect on our environment. Furthermore, there are benefits to not having a car, such as being less stressed, reducing greenhouse gas emission, and creating a better environment.    