There have been a few close calls during our presidential ellection over the past decades, but it doesn't mean it's enough to scratch it out and throw it away. We should keep the Electoral College for many reasons, but mostly to keep chaos from happening.

To begin with, the Electoral College has been the method we have used for years for choosing our next President, so why would we change it now? Well, the answer is we shouldn't. It may seem like a good idea at first to change to the election by popular vote, but here's the problem. A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible, but less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The Electoral College is what helps the candidates from winning from a landslide. The Electoral consists of 583 electors and a majority of 270 electoral votes is reqquired to elect the President. So even though some may say you're not choosing your President, you're actually helping to chose your President. When you vote you're actually voting for an elector that will (most likely) vote for the candidate to your appeal.

Furthermore, many people such as Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, and even the Chamber of Commerce have agreed to abolish the Electoral College. According to a Gallup poll in 2000, over 60 percent of the voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. Although, this all may seem like a time for change, isn't the Electoral College doing us a favor? "The Electoral College consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress." The Electoral College is a process, as a compromise established by our founding fathers, between election of the President by a vote in cCongress  and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens.

Last, but not least, the Electoral College helps with voting for President. "Each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee, and that trust is rarely betrayed." It is possible for the winner to win the electoral vote, but will not win the national popular vote. "The Electoral College requires a candidate to have transregional appeal. No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president." "So a solid regional favorite has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states, that he knows he will will." Therefor, he will not gain any electoral votes by increasing his plurality in those states in favor of him. "This is a desirable result because the candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president.

All in all, we should keep the Electoral College because it helps balance out the nation's amount of votes for a good successful President that will help it's people.    