In the article " Driveless Cars Are Coming," gave me supportive facts about the idea of driveless cars. I am against the development of these cars. Reason why I am against this development is because of the negative aspects of the safety issues, purpose, and the law.

"If traffic laws change, new law will be needed in order to cover liability in case of an accident." the author pointed out a good point that has to be made before these development of these cars hit the roads. "If technology fails then who responsiblity is it the drivers or the manufacter," driveless cars would bring a downfall of the company if technology fails and more accidents occur and more law suites would be against them.

Drivers wouldn't be more aware of thier surroundings anymore instead of paying close attention to the roads just in case your car glitches they will be distracted by thier phones instead or maybe puting on make up. Texting and driving is the most deadly distraction there is when it comes to driving , with the driveless cars that gives them a little lead way to do so and not paying attention to the roads.

What is the purpose of a driveless car? "Why would anyone want a driveless car that still needs a driver?' If manufacters want to make this devlopment by improving the technology world these questions have to be anwser. How are these cars impacting the world besides half of the payment on fuel. "Some manufactures hope to do that by bringing in- car entertainment," driving is suppose to be serious many lives are at danger each day because of a vehicle weather your in the car, outside a vehicle, or even beside it anything can happen in matter of seconds if drivers don't have controll or even paying atttention.

Road conditions such as construction or even bad weather I wouldn't want my car on cruise mode I would full control in case the roads are slick. If these driveless cars have great sensors like they say it would be a good idead but other than that I don't think it will be a safe idea.           