Allowing student's to take classes from home should be a crime! Students would fail to complete assignments on a greater scale than at school. There is a greater variety of things that can occur when a student is at home rather than at school. It just calls for more opportunities the student has to avoid doing school work. students would not benefit from the opportunity to attend classes from home as it would make students more likely to procrastinate, get distracted, and skip valuable classes.

As a student myself, it has been an uphill battle against procrastination. It's an ongoing problem that hasn't gotten any easier as the years go by. Considering the workload that is given throughout the later years of high school, it definitely makes it a lot more challenging to manage. This is an issue that not only affects myself, but also many other fellow students, which can make the problem a lot more severe. Most students have parents who work during the day which means there's no adult monitoring them while they're "taking their classes." This enables the student to engage in other activities rather than attending their classes.

There are countless distractions a student is exposed to while in the comfort of his or her own home. The cellphone is one of the most distracting of them all. It is a gateway to a variety of social media platforms such as Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter, YouTube, and many more. Video game consoles such as Xbox Ones, PlayStations, and personal computers are also an enormous temptation in this day and age. Thus,making it incredibly difficult to focus on what needs to get done especially if there aren't any adults in the household.

Skipping classes has become a normality nowadays, making it one of the major flaws in the school system. This is a problem that needs to be resolved because it's only getting worse with the newer generations. Many Students are using transportation apps such as Uber and Lift to get them from school to their desired destinations. Students would be more prone to this sort of behavior at home for the simple fact that they're allowed more freedom and have greater access to these particular apps. If they don't care enough about their classes whilst there at school they definitely won't care whilst they're at home.

In conclusion, students would not benefit from the opportunity to attend classes from home because it would make it easier to abuse the school provided system in three major ways. It would make it a whole lot easier for students to put off assignments to later dates. It would for sure make it easier for students to get distracted with many things in their households. And it would also make it a lot more easier for students to avoid taking their classes while under little to no adult supervision. While it's clear that there are students who do everything to make their education worthwhile, there are many students who choose to abuse the school system and it's only getting worse.                                 