I think that driverless cars aren't an appropriate idea for this time period. There are multiple reasons why I believe this. We would need to do a lot more developing on roads, we would need to put an abundance of sensors in the car, there would need to be new laws made, and there's no practical use to a driverless car.

Firstly, there are very few roads in America, let alone Indiana, that would be suitable for a driverless car. Many roads have unexpected twists, turns, and dips that no sensor would be able to make a fast enough reaction time. If the sensors stopped working, or if there wasn't a fast enough reaction time, it would cause multiple wrecks. If we had to fix a majority of the roads for driverless cars, taxes would go up to pay for it. Nobody would want to pay that kind of money, especially when most people wouldn't be able to afford a driverless car.

Secondly, there would need to be an abundance of sensors in the car. Sensors aren't necessarily a bad invention for a car, but people shouldn't solely rely on them. Multiple things could go wrong with the sensors, sometimes without the driver or car even knowing. If the driver doesn't know that a sensor isn't functioning, they could be relying on it to mimic them at the wheel. Multiple wrecks could happen this way, and the only person to blame would be the driver with the driverless car, because they're the car who had their sensors malfunction.

Thirdly, there would be too many laws that would need to be changed and added. Paragraph nine says, "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." A human driver is needed to make these laws and to enforce them. There would have to be new liability laws, and there would be conflict with the manufacturing company. Technology is the not the subject that should be at fault in this situation. The person who should be at fault is the driver, because the driver would be putting themselves, and everyone on the street at risk for driving a car that they are not in control of.

Lastly, there's no practical use for a driverless car. Driving is a privledge for young adults and adults. People are not given the right to drive, but they're given the privledge. There couldn't be anything more important for a driver than to focus on driving. If driverless cars are released to the public, what would people do while their car is being driven? They could sit on their phones or do something that wouldn't be worth their life or someone elses. Manual cars have been around for an abundance of years, and they've been doing just fine.

To sum this up, I believe that driverless cars are not worth the risk, or money, in people's lives. There would be too much developing roads and laws, and there would always be the risk of the driver not being in control of their car. 