Phones & Driving

If used correctly, driving with moderate phone use could be very helpful. GPS is the only thing that keeps the current generation on track. Of course, with all distractions that occur while driving, phone use can be detrimental, but without these devices, driving would be completely different.

GPS is an amazingly useful tool. Many people find the option to have exact directions quite comforting, or even speaking to someone can kill some anxiety when driving. Going from one point to another has never been. Before this beautiful inventions called GPS, one would have to use an atlas or general directions, but now with the internet slowly becoming more and more essential, most GPS maps come with features such as a speed limit sign, just in case you missed one on the street or highway you're on. Not only that, but out is the day of calling to get traffic and accident information. Now is the day of real time information, quick rerouting and even small shortcuts not known by most.

This ties in with the anxiety of driving in general. The constant fear of missing an exit, getting in a car wreck, and not making it on time. Speaking with someone, keeping a conversation, or even music played from the phone itself can ease that stress and make life much easier for the driver. Music has always been a universal way to calm one's self. Speaking to someone either about your anxiety or holding a civil conversation is also a very good way to calm down and focus easier and overall be more safe.

Many advocates for the way things used to be will say that any use of the phone should be prohibited, that any use at all can cause a wreck. I completely agree, if used incorrectly, cell phones can be detrimental to whoever is on the road with you, but one thing some of these advocates don't think about is the amount of people who are safer due to their phone. Some insurance companies have apps which track and adjust rates based on the person's driving. If it weren't for GPS, many people would miss exits, swerve to get in their lane, and in general make dumb mistakes which could lead to more harm than good.

In all, I believe texting, using social media, and constant use is bad for the driver, drivers around them. If you find the correct and safe way to use these devices while driving your vehicle, I do not see it fit to completely ban or prohibit the use of these everyday tools. Correct use is not life and death, correct use is making the time you have on this Earth easier. If you wish to be an advocate, look into what you're advocating for.   