The youth are the leaders of tomorrow. This is often said by older individuals regarding the upcoming generation. As a leader, one often has to make many decisions and develop designs for numerous events and plans. In order to prepare the youth for this role, they should be given assignments that allow them to design and solve situations. School is one of the various places where the youth can practice this skill. Summer projects assigned to student should be student-designed because project would be of high quality, students will better retain the information that they learn and the students are motivated to complete the project.

The first reason why summer projects should be student-designed is due to the fact that the completed projects would be of high quality. Students will invest copious amounts of time and effort in order to complete the project that they have designed. This was seen with chemistry students, at Generic_School, who designed their own lab involving a unit taught in class. Those students spent an extended amount of time investing and researching information that they needed to conduct the lab that they designed. The students also spent hours in lab, running through numerous trials and collecting data. The dedication that theses students posses displays the lengths the students may go to, so they can complete their self designed project. The large amount of effort and time that students put into their project results in high quality work because students have a deep understanding of the topic and strong application which is illustrated in their project. Schools should assign student-designed summer projects as the completed project would be of high quality.

The second reason that schools should allow summer projects to be student-designed is because students will better retain the information that they learn. When students are given the power to design their own project, they are more attentive to the information that they are gathering. This was seen with history students, at Generic_School, who conducted research and wrote a paper on a social group during World War II. When going through sources and evaluating them, students paid close attention to the dates and origin of the sources. This was helpful for students as it prevented them from wasting time on sources that were not beneficial for their paper. Students were also able to have deep conversations with each other about the various socials groups using the information that they had learned online. Assigning student-designed projects for the summer should be done because students will better retain the information that they learn.

The final reason why summer projects should be student-designed is because students would be more motivated to complete the project. When giving students the freedom to design a project that they will be working on for almost three months, empowerment is often felt by students as they believe that they are respected and trusted enough to develop a project based off of their own design. This empowerment causes students to have more desire to complete the project, and the projects will be completed to high level of satisfaction. This can also be seen when a parent tells their child to make a meal for dinner. The child feels empowered since they have the freedom to create whatever dish they like; the empowerment that the child feels motivates the child to complete the task to a high satisfaction level. Student-designed the summer projects would also result in eagerness from the students. Since students have the ability to design their project, they would be more inclined to create a design that is interesting to them. This interest would make students eager as they will want to see the results of their plans.

Student-designed summer projects should be assigned by schools because students' motivation to complete the project would increase.

Teacher-designed summer projects would be less time consuming for students;however, teacher-designed projects would not prepare students for the upcoming school. During the school year, students are often required to create their own essay, lab design and presentation by teachers for a grade. Students completing a design that they have created will allow them to practice skills that teachers will require during the school year.

Overall, summer projects assigned by schools should be student-designed because the completed projects would be of high quality, students will better retain the information that they learn and students would be more motivated to complete the project. These reasons should encourage schools that assign summer project to allow the projects to be student-designed.