Imagine having to do a summer project over a topic you don't like. Some schools have decided to do this with their students in order for them to still learn while they are on summer break. Although the teacher can make sure you have a topic that you have learned about, the students should design the project. The project should be student designed because they can chose how they want to do the project, they don't have to worry about not knowing the topics, and can be a topic that they like or enjoy.

Firstly, the students can chose how they want to do their project. For example, they could chose how they would want to present their project. Either by choosing to have a report or a presentation to show the class. Another example is they might want to have a group project. The more hands they have the more creative they can make the assignment. Both of these examples show that choosing how they do their project helps them feel comfortable.

Next, they wouldn't have to worry about not knowing the topic if they get to chose. For example, if their picking topics they would chose one that they remember. The students wouldn't pick a topic they didn't understand or remember for their assignment. Another example is that they could pick one that fascinates them. Like for a science project they could pick a marine wildlife topic, if thats what they find entertaining, or for English class they could pick one of their favorite authors or books. These examples represent the fact that if they were to pick their topics it will allow them to be engrossed with it.

Lastly, this project could be something they like or enjoy. Like in my first example having a group project can make it more enjoyable. Because their in a group they could have friends working alongside them making it more fun. This project is where they might be able to let their creative side take control. Students would want the work to be colorful and interesting. Both having friends and being creative let the kids have a fun and enjoyable time doing their project.

In conclusion, the students should design their own summer project because they can chose how they want to do the project, don't have to worry about not knowing the project, and can be something they like or enjoy. Would you let your teacher design your project?