Phones & Driving

Should humans be allowed to use their cellar device while driving a truly age old question. People should be able to use their phone only if they have a car mount and are trying to use the GPS in my opinion. Otherwise pull to the side of the road if you just have to send a call or text. I truly don't understand what is that indispensable that you have to risk not only your life but others lives by picking up your phone. Just pull in to your local fast food or store and send that text that will (I assume) complete your life.

You know people have got seriously injured doing it ........

It's crazy the number of people that have died by texting and driving. Just in 2013 3,154 people were killed in distraction-related crashes. About 424,000 people were injured in crashes involving a distracted driver. In 2013, 10% of all drivers ages 15 to 19 involved in fatal accidents were reported to be distracted at the time of the crash. Even more telling The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. (1.6!!)

Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving.

1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving.

Texting while driving is 6x more likely to cause an accident than driving drunk. Answering a text takes away your attention for about five seconds. Traveling at 55 mph, that's enough time to travel the length of a football field.

Texting while driving causes a 400 percent increase in time spent with eyes off the road. Of all cell phone related tasks, texting is by far the most dangerous activity. 94 percent of drivers support a ban on texting while driving. 74 percent of drivers support a ban on hand-held cell phone use. These are few stats that support my thesis but the stories hit closer to home for me the story of seven year old Xzavier is particularly disturbing A driver who allegedly was texting behind the wheel hit seven-year-old Xzavier Davis-Bilbo, dragging him nearly 20 feet in the process. The crash paralyzed Xzavier, and he spent four and a half months in the intensive care unit.

He won't ever walk again. That young man was only seven nowhere close to the prime years of his life. Know he can't play sports, run to the bus stop, or even jump up for a high-five because somebody was "allegedly" distracted by their phone.

But I can keep control i'm not them If it's one thing I know I know that people always think they can do something until they are proven wrong. Don't be that person this isn't a game this is literally life or death. Just because you haven't hit anyone yet doesn't mean your a celestial being at driving you have just been lucky. Other counter arguments might say but what I just need to do one little thing for work or school. Myself a guilty procrastinator (this is why I am making up this class) understand this argument but just be late for work or school and do it at home. Think about it what's worse killing someone by not paying attention or being late for work/school.

CONCLUSION

In conclusion t's now illegal to hold your phone while driving in the state of Georgia, part of a sweeping hands-free law that went into effect Sunday. Reading from a phone or using it to record video is banned, too, according to the Governor's Office of Highway Safety, including at stoplights. Those caught breaking the rules even tapping "play" on a Apple playlist while not parked face a $50 fine, which doubles upon their second time getting caught. The law, signed by Gov. Nathan Deal in May, aims to curtail driving fatalities in the state. So even if you believe a astounding driver you'll go to jail so just pull over.

Works Cited

Hafner, Josh. "Drop That Phone: It's Now Illegal to Hold Your Mobile Device While Driving in Georgia." USA Today, Gannett Satellite Information Network, 3 July 2018, www. usatoday. com/story/news/nation-now/2018/07/02/georgia-hands-free-law-bans-holding-phone-while-driving/752752002/.

"Real Stories of Texting and Driving Deaths That Will Make Teens Think Twice." TeenSafe, 12 July 2018, www. teensafe. com/blog/real-stories-texting-and-driving-deaths-teens/.

"Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving." Edgarsnyder. com, Edgar Snyder &amp; Associates, www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html.

3            