Driverless cars are a work in progress and would be very useful in the near future. With driverless cars, we wouldn't need to drive our old gas ones. They will be able to take you wherever you want and you wouldnt have to dd pretty much anything. They would replace most human abilities with their sesnors and automatic driving. With these type of cars in developmetn, they will surely change the world.

With the sensing ability, the car would be able to sence objects around it, which it will be able to stop when there is something in the way. This is good because you won't have to do this yourself anymore. According to the passage, there will be GPS and a radar sensor; you might not have to at where you are going periodically. Since the car drives itself, there would probably be a small chance of getting lost compared to when you do have to drive yourself. For most of the time all you would have to do is sit back and relax while the car does all the work, until there is a situation where the car can't move because it can't do everything by itself.

There will come times where the car would not be able to move. This may happen when there is an accident and the car can't get around it; or when there are a lot of opsticals around like work zones. You would still need to be alert for when car alerts you to take over. This may be a reason why people might want to get a driverless car, but all you have to do is drive around the opstical or park which isn't a big deal. After you do that you wouldn't have to drive anymore. There could still be accidents when you are driving or not paying attention when you have to take over the wheel.

Having a driverless car may decrease accidents over all but they still could happen. When you are not paying attention to the car when it alerts you or driving recklessly when you do have to drive would result in an accident. In the passage it states that the car seat will vibrate to get your attention. All you would have to do is pay attention. Driverless cars are better than gas cars because there would be less accidents due to the self driving and motion/radar detection.

Driverless cars would be a more better choice than the gas cars. They might cost more but you would be saving money because you wouldn't have to get gas constanly. They can take you wherever you want with you doing the driving. There would be less accidents. These are the reasons why the driverless car would be better.