Technology is developing new stuff everyday. Things that are usually an everyday thing are becoming less and less, like the driverless cars, some people despise driving and some people love it. Can you imagine cars that you don't even have to drive? You just tell it where to go and it takes you there on command.

I think that's crazy, driverless cars starting out are going to be very dangerous and the road to explore and find new ideas to make them safer is going to be a long one. Some of the cars Google has built have been able to "drive independently under specific condiotions since 2009." Google also says that many of their cars have driven miles and miles without a crash, but that's with a driver who's ready for anything to happen and ready to act at any given time.

When the driverless cars actually become driverless, I think it'll be a disaster because some people are going to get carried away with it and just not think that their car will never have a malfunction. More people are going to wreck and people are just being plain lazy nowadays. It really doesn't take that much energy to drive a car. Of course you have to stay awake and make sure you're paying attention to the road at all costs, but people are just getting things handed to them.

With driverless cars people probably won't have to do drivers ed and their drive times with instructors who are making them better drivers. I think it's just nonsense.

On the other hand, there could be a couple positives to this. Some people are born with conditions that can make them not able to drive or do stuff most people do, but with the new driverless cars they'll be able to enjoy the satisfaction of just being able to sit in that drivers seat just like any other person out there. That is if they find a way to make the completely driverless, because if not then they say,"this means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires.

One of the most common tragedys that occur are people dying from drunk drivers. Some people make stupid decisions when they're drunk and they might decide to drive home because they think they're well enough too and of course if you're with a bunch of other drunk people they're probably going to encourage it because they don't no any better.

With the driverless cars, people making that poor decision won't or might not be affected by it. That's if the scientists find ways to make the cars safer to where you don't have to drive it at all.       