Dear Principal,

I am an A/B honor roll student and I do play sports but I do happen to agree with this decision. Some people work really hard to try and stay in these sports they play. If your making a C average then that just shows that you aren't working hard to play the sports you have been working hard for. I see some people might get upset because sometimes it might be the "Star Player" making that C average. My friend made a failing grade and she didn't get to play and some of our teammates were upset including me because she was one of our best players but I do see that it was a fair decision, because other students push their limits to try and a make a passing grade.

If you really want to play your sports then you should be able to try to work hard and try to make at least a B average. Making a C average shows your coach and your teacher that you are not trying. So I do happen to agree with you about not letting the student play if they have a C average. Parents are upset sometimes because they push their children to work hard in that sport event, and to not see their star player out there, it's kind of devastating. You know you are making a good choice because sometimes when your really into the sport you're playing, you're not as fascinated as you are with your school work and other stuff that makes have a passing grade. You can't forget that school work is going to make you the "big star" you are going to become from playing those sports in high school and junior high. People do have their own opinions so I might be one of a few people that actually agree with you. I am not just saying that I agree with you because I have an A/B average in all my classes, but if it were to happen to me, not playing sports would help me catch up with my work that hasn't been finished. Many students would go against this policy change because they know that they make C averages in some of their classes. Other students go against this because they know that their "star player" is one of those students that don't care about their grades and only care about their future with sports. If they want a future with sports then they are going to want to put education before sports. I know a lot of students would agree with my reasons for agreeing with this policy change but they would not like it to happen. Our teachers tell them that having a C average is passing, but unfortunately that's not going to help them with the sports they play.

The "star players" will now if they are passing or failing because they know if they try with their school work. Many teachers offer help if you are having trouble with your work. So my Dear Principal I do agree that the student must have a B average to play the sports they want to be in.

With all Respect,

Your Student, STUDENT_NAME