The students of today are the future of tomorrow. Students need a good education to be the next leaders of the world. People will look up to them one day and they will need to be educated correctly. Having the correct education and correct learning environment in can go a long way. Although some may disagree, active learning and friendships proves that online school will not benefit students.

Active learning is only possible by meeting in person and having the pleasure of talking to them face to face. For example, students tend to learn better when they are actively learning in a classroom with less distractions. I, myself, tend to get distracted fairly easily with my phone. Last week during my physics class I was on my phone and I missed an important date. The teacher did not repeat it because I was not paying attention. Teens attention span is not that long and when we get put into our own home it is an overall distraction. Another example of how active learning is better at school is for the teachers. Eariler in the month I was struggling in my math class and the teacher came up to me to see if I needed extra help because she noticed I was struggling. If I was to be in online school then the teachers would not notice I was struggling because they cannot see me. Active learning is the best form of learning.

While on the topic of communication between teacher and students, friendships are a lot easier to make while attending school. For example, I have met a lot of new people at school that do not live close to me. I would have never met one of my best friends if it wasn't for school. School brought us together by letting us see each other everyday. Online school could dis encourage friendships because students are not meeting new people. Another reason why friendships are a lot easier to make attending school is because of sports. High school and middle school sports are a way for teens to engage in school activities. I have met a lot of new people through high school baseball and basketball because they share the same interest as me. Meeting people that enjoy the same things as me is just a conversations starter, which leads to friendships. Friendships and the feeling over being included is just as important as school.

Some may believe that online school is better because the people who have a hard time in school by getting bullied won't have that fear anymore. While thinking that way is reasonable, it is inaccurate because teens will always go through hardships and they will need to overcome that hardships. For example, Oprah Winfrey had a hard and gruesome childhood. She did not give up and has overcome all of her obstacles in life to get where she is today. Oprah is now one of the most influential women in the world and overcame all of her obstacles. Overcoming hardships at school can make individuals stronger as a person.

This is important because students need a good education for a good future. People in the past went to school everyday with no technology and had to learn in person. Since that way has been working, there is no need for a change. Students of the future can hopefully see how much more beneficial going to school is than attending online school.