Would students benefit from being able to attend classes from home? I personally don't think students would benefit learning from home because you can learn better by being taught face to face, being able to know the ideas of you're classmates, and from being around people who already know enough to help you out. Being homeschooled would be much less stressful than from actually going to school, but if you really want to learn and be a scholar, I think you'd have a better chance going to school rather than learning from home because at home you can get distracted easily.

Being taught face to face is so much easier becasue you can ask as many questions as you need to help you with your problem. also, I think your brain focuses more when you're being taught face to face than from learning through a computer. For me it's so much easier to learn when being taught in person, because I concentrate more on the words the teacher is saying and when its through a computer I get distracted easily because there's no one around to tell me that I can't get up or go to the restroom. I remember this one time in math class I had an assignment I had to do and it was online, I could never understand it until I asked my teacher, personally, after that all the problems that we're similar to that one probelm I couldn't figure out, I did them in seconds and I think thats because I was being taught face to face.

When your in school you're never alone in a classroom because there's always other classmates and when you're homeschooled and it's just you by yourself. I feel like being in a classroom full of other people is better than being at home and learning on your own. Having people around you while your in class isn't always as bad, I know some people get distracted easily and not concentrate while being around others, but sometimes it's good to be around other people because you never know whose around and you don't know if the answer of one those people in your class can help you in any away. Me, personally, I enjoy working with others or even just having people around me, I feel less lonely like that and well I don't really get distracted as easily because I can talk to people and and at the same time concentrate on the work i'm doing, but that's just me i don't know how others are.

Thirdly, going to school is actually fun, you meet new people and you don't have to be locked up in your house the whole day. In middle school I remember that I wouldn't talk to no one that worked at the school because I didn't trust them, until this day I still don't trust them but it wouldn't hurt you to be around them and ask questions about something you need. Having people around you who already have been through everything were going through is very helpful because they know the steps to help you feel better since they've already been through it. Plus, you get more opportunities at school than learning from home, and that's because school can help you achieve you're goal and you're career, maybe not always but they can most definitely give you advice on what you can do to achieve you're goal.

In conclusion, I think you'd learn from home too, but you can learn more from school. This is to the people who homeschool their kids, wouldn't you rather have your kid at school where his safe, getting fed, getting his education, more opportunities on becoming someone in this world, and meeting new people in his life? or would you rather have him at home where his lonely and getting distracted easily? and it doesn't matter wether they're the ones who want to be homeschooled because you're the parent and your in control not them. 