Dear state senator,

I as a citizen of florida, and of the United States of America, have the right to vote for the president of my country. I feel as though this right is taken away from me by the electoral college system. The electoral college is unfair and unjust to the people residing in the states. The electoral college may turn off potential voters because they may have the mind set that one vote does not matter because the president will be chosen by the electoral college anyways. The electoral college does not nessicarily speak for the people because the majority vote for a certain canidate will take all of the electoral college votes in one state. It is a possibility that the election is tied by electoral votes because the electoral college comes out to be an even numbe, therefor creating chaos in the political world.

When it comes to bigger states the majority completely overrules the minority even if the votes are 51% to 49%, so the majority canidate will take all of the electoral votes for that state. so this does not speak for all of the people, only the majority vote. Bigger states have more electoral college votes than smaller states, not giving the smaller states enough say in who becomes their next president. With popular vote, the size of the state you live in is not taken into account. All of the peoples votes are taken into account, not just the majority.

With the electoral college, you pretty much vote for the electors of your state, who then vote for the president. They pledge to a certain canidate according to their political party. How can you trust that they will always vote for who they say they are going to vote for? It is no gaurentee, they might just vote for whoever they please, even going against their own political party. In some rare cases the popular vote for one canidate has overruled the electoral vote for another, but the electoral winner has come out on top. Showing not what the people want, but what the electoral college has decided. How is this speaking for the people? How is this fair or practical?            