Rosenthal writes that residents are "suburban pioneers, going where few soccer moms or commuting executives have ever gone before...". Now, few people would equate soccer moms to such pioneers as Lewis and Clark but in their own way, they kind of are. In many European cities and suburbs, people have almost completely given up driving and cars. As hard as it is to imagine a sprawling city without drive ways and street parking, it is almost forbidden in the cities participating in this experiment.

Everyone knows that cars emit greenhouse gases and it's oh so bad for the environment and blah blah blah, and we all care. We really do. But do we care enough to give up our cars? Most likely not. But we could all stand to limit our driving, and it's easy enough. If the grocery store is only a few blocks away how about riding your bike or walking? You'll get a little exercise and a little less pollution. And while you're taking this walk, imagine the silence you would hear if everybody else was also doing this and the streets were empty. "The swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor." (Source 1). Aside from just the noise pollution our buzzing motors give us, the air pollution is much worse. Cars are responsible for twelve percent of greenhouse gases in Europe and fifty percent in some North American cities (Source 1). Beijing, China, the most polluted city in the world (Source 2) which is known for its intense smog, was almost shown up by the capital of France. Since Paris' government favors diesel over gasoline, they know exactly what was to blame. Closer to home, America's second largest source of greenhouse gas emissions is due to the transportation industry (Source 4).

On the topic of big cities and driving the first picture that comes to mind is a big highway filled with honking cars and irritated drivers. Traffic. Los Angeles and New York City are only a few prime examples. Heidrun Walter, a mother in the car-less city of Vauban said, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," (Source 1). The stress that driving through congested roads, or even just driving at all can causes a lot of problems such as accidents. Businessman, Carlos Arturo Plaza, who rides a two-seated bike with his wife says, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress...". In cities with little to no car usage traffic has been dramatically cut down and with it pollution and stress levels. The two day car ban in Paris, France not only cleared smog but brought down congestion, or car traffic. Bogota, Colombia has a population of seven million people who participate in the Day Without Cars to "promote alternative transportation and reduce smog" (Source 3). Regardless of the rainy weather, the decrease in use of cars has sparked the construction of bike paths and new sidewalks.

Minimizing to eradicating car usage would drastically decrease resource use, wasted time and pollution outputs while steadily increasing our own safety. Maybe next time you're ready to jump right in your car, consider another method of transportation.    