FACS

In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile", Nick D'Alto goes into great depth about how a new computer system, Facial Action Coding Sytem, can revolutionize multiple industries. He began to describe the famous Mona Lisa drawing and how they were able to calculate her facial expressions with the new facial recognition system. He then broadens the topic by explaining how the computer system actually works. After going into even greater detail about the computer process, he begins to describe the many benefits that the Facial Action Coding System will bring. After reading this article, one can agree that the Facial Action Coding System should be implemented into classrooms to read student's emotional expressions for various reasons.

First of all, the use of Facial Action Coding System could enhance the education levels being taught in classrooms by individually designing lessons for students. At one point in "Making Mona Lisa Smile", Prof. Thomas Huang states, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor" (D'Alto 6). By modifying the lesson to the students' needs, this can improve testing scores in classrooms, ensuring that most students will easily learn more based on their facial expressions.

Secondly, the Facial Action Coding System can help with discipline areas among schools. In the article, "Making Mona Lisa Smile", Prof. Thomas Huang explains how muscles contribute to a large portion of reading facial expressions. At one point he claims, "To an expert, faces dont lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling" politician or celebrity aren't being truthful" (D'Alto, 8). By pointing the idea out of spotting false facial expressions, the Facial Action Coding System can be used in schools and other places to help detect people who may be lying or trying to hide the truth. Instead of adults trying to pry kids open and "spill the beans", they can simply use the computer system to recognize certain facial expressions and then start from there.

Overall, there are many benefits to the Facial Action Coding System, and although some may be more beneficial than others, they each take part in bettering academics and schools in general. By personalizing lessons and helping with disciplinary actions, schools can loosen their grips from a tight load of work on their shoulders and allow the Facial Action Coding System to "lend a hand". One can really see how incorporating this system will not only benefit the staff and faculty of schools, but also the many children striving for excellence in academics and character. 