All around the world, people say their opinions that may be right or may be wrong. Advice is someone's opinion, or it means their thoughts on the way they view something. They can be biased, or their opinions can be based off of something. Although some may be bad, others may be good. Many people should talk to more than one person for advice because it will give them a better chance at having the best advice, they have more options to choose from, and they can see if anyone can put up a good argument to get convinced.

Getting more than one of the same advice may make you feel like they are right, and they, most likely, could be right. There is a better chance of it being a good choice than being a bad choice, hypothetically speaking, because if more than one person says the same thing over and over again, it should be one of the best choices. Talking to people for advice is just like a science experiment. When scientists are testing an experiment, they do it multiple times to assure them that they got the most accurate data. That is almost the same way in this case. When people ask more than one person for advice, they are seeking that one advice that most people tend to say for the best answer. Having multiple of the same advice, most likely, could be the best choice.

Another reason why going to more than one person is a good thing is because having more than one advice will give you a variety of choices to choose from. People will give their advice, and they can range from best to worst, but the one that's asking, is the one that's choosing. Whichever feels the best for them. For example, you want to go out for dinner, but you don't know where to go. You go to people for advice on where to go, and some say you should go to the Golden Corral buffet, others say the McDonalds restaurant, and the rest say the In n Out restaurant. The best part about asking for advice is it is your decision to choose where to go, not theirs. You can pick the one advice that feels the best out of all of the rest and fits your needs.

Lastly, asking more than one person for advice will give you an insight on people's views and, you can, possibly, get convinced. You can find which argument was the best supported and choose it. It may just be one person who said the advice, but if it is convincing well-enough, that's great. Some advice can seem like the best choice but without any reason why it is, how can someone be sure enough that it is? Asking more than one person for advice will help in this situation because you can get convinced to take a better and different advice along the way.

The benefits of talking to more than one person for advice is it will give you an advice that has a higher percentage at being a good choice, you will have more options to choose from, and you can see if anyone can put up a convincing, well-enough argument. Some opinions have to do with experience. That is why it could be the best or worst choice for you. You're not obligated to take their advice. Choosing the best advice can be hard, but it's better for you to go to more than one person for advice.