I think it will be good in a couple years because some people can't really drive without help because the sensors will be more advance. It can really do wonders to peoples lives in the future such as going out easier being safe and more efficient. But you still need a driver's license if you want to drive a smart car because when there is a something major going on the car can't sense what other people are going to do. I really think it can do good in the future with the more advance sensors on the cars and we may have better technology. I think it can do real good in this world like herlping people that can be hurt or in pain.

In paragraph 5 and 7 they have great detail of how it will help advance more in the future. In paragraph 7 they said,"None of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." They are not fully there yet on the selfless driving subject but they will be soon because in paragraph 5 has detail on that because it said,"Within 10 years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect amd respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers. The information from thr sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a humman driver could manage alone. Further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own." It will be advanced in the future.

I really hope one day it will happen because we are damaging the plant by using the cars we are using now. It will damage the future for our children and future generations by doing what we are doing we need stop it because we don't want to have future generation clean up what we already can clean up now. So I do hope and dream the smart car can help with this problem in a couple years. Just help save the plant and leave it clean for generatons to come.              