Our principal has decided and debated over a plethora of decisions over the years. Though he might make one or two bad decisions, most of these decisions are good. However, the greatest decision he has made, is making sure that every single student is participating in an extracurricular activity. Because our amazing principal made this incredible thing, and because your participating in these extracurricular activities now, you improve your physical, mental, and emotional health, develop and improve these creative passions and skills, and it overall really benefits you and our school.

All extracurricular activities at our school are unique and give you physical, mental, and emotional benefits. Plus there just overall really, really fun and exiting! Sports mainly improve you physically, but they also improve you mentally and emotionally. The hard work that is required for sports helps you get stronger and keeps you staying active. But afterwards, the exhaustion makes you sleep better so when you wake up, you have more energy, which makes you feel stronger, more attentive, and in an overall positive mood! Plus, if your more attentive, you'll get better grades and performance during school. But sports are not for everybody. You could sign up for a musical extracurricular activity instead! Like sports, music also helps you in many ways! You can become inclined and talented in music! You can also make new friends as you make cool, unique, and creative music! There are tons of options to if you don't like one specific instrument or type of music. However though, if you don't like sports or music, you can still participate in clubs! Clubs are a whole different level compared to sports and music, because there are almost too many options! There's writing, drama, art, reading, debate, sports, health, and so much more! Each club changes and improves you in different ways. In debate, you can learn how to become more persuasive someone better. In art, you can calm down and unwind as you create a masterpiece. Plus, if you can't find the right club for you, you can make your own! All of these amazing extracurricular activities wouldn't be here if our principal decided to not to make all of these activities just for us!

Because your doing these extracurricular activities, you learn all of these creative, innovative, and unique skills, traits, and passions. You can learn how to properly use, play, and take care of an instrument, or you can become extremely creative in the art club. You could become the next professional basketball player by joining the basketball team. Not only can you could find out your really good at something by doing one of these many extracurricular activities, but you can also become better at something. You could improve your sportsmanship by playing a soccer game against a really competitive team thats a little mean about winning. But you could also be faster at typing on the computer because you have been playing an extremely fast paced song on your violin. If you were in the reading club, you could improve how fast you read. There are many skills, traits, and passions you can improve or develop by dong these extracurricular activities.

By doing these activities, your actually helping our school as well as you. The football team could have a huge game at our school and as the crowed of your school cheers, you could be the one to get the winning touchdown. Your friends and family could be sitting with the rest of our school in awe as they silently watch you in amazement in their eyes as you do a perfect solo on your saxophone during an extremely important concert in fron of the entire school. You could be telling your class about some really cool facts you learned in one of your clubs when your class comes across that subject. In the long run, these activities that our fantastic principal made for us, really have an impact on you and our school.

Overall, from these activities being good for us and developing or improving your passions, skills, and traits, to benefiting you and our school, these extracurricular activities that our principal made for us, really affects us all. Thats why we need to have everyone pitch in and join one of our many activities. This is why it's a good thing that our principal is making sure that we are all participating.