Dear Principal,

It is outrageous that you think students should have at least a B average to participate in sports or other activities! This is wrong because kids need more exercise, they need something to feel proud about, and they want to make friends on teams or clubs.

To start off, kids need something to be proud of. They may not be smart or maybe they just don't like their teacher. If they are not that smart, they feel stupid in front of their parents and friends. Being on a sport's team or in a club would make them feel like they accomplished something. For instance, kids may be getting a C average but they are the best actor in the drama club or have the best arm on the football team. Getting bad grades shouldn't make them feel like they don't have a purpose in life but rather signify that their purpose in life is not to be a rocket scientist or a chemical engineer but to use their skills to entertain their family, friends or fans.

Next, kids these days need more exercise. Most of them sit around playing sports video games when they can be out playing the real thing! For some kids, the only exercise they get is in gym class or on sports. I'm sure parents would rather have their kid playing linebacker instead of pretending to be one on Brett Favre's team. Also, kids can meet random people playing video games and may want to meet them in the real life. With voice changer technology, people can make their voice sound lower or higher, matching a kids voice.

Last of all, kids want to make friends! Their not going to make any real friends watching Spongebob dance around under a rock, they are going to make friends that have the same interests at them, such as a forensics club. If kids sign up for forensics, they will meet other kids that like it too. They go to different schools in the area. They could make friends in all of these schools! They all like forensics and, who knows, maybe they have something else that they all like to do.

To conclude, students who have lower than a grade B average (which is many of them) would miss out on that "proud" feeling, they would have a hard time making friends, and they wouldn't be getting most of the exercise that should be getting.