Car accidents have become a growing problem around the world. Anything from drunk driving to texting and driving has caused people to injure and even take the lives of many people. The development of computer-driven cars have the purpose of using innovative technology to prevent these events from occuring while also allowing drivers to have more freedom behind the wheel. Everyone should switch to computer-driven cars once they are fully developed because they contain sensors that allow the car to carry out many of its own functions, are able to alert the driver if their assistance is needed, and have in-car systems that prevent accidents that would occur through texting and driving.

To begin, these computer-driven cars already have many featurres that allow the car to do the same thing as if a human was driving. The article on driverless cars states,¨ BMW announced the development of

¨Traffic Jam assistant.¨ The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph.¨(driverless cars are coming 7) allowing everyday drives to the gas station or the grocery store to be eliminated and the simple act of getting into the car as if it were a cab, to be carried out. Also,¨ They can steer, acelerate, and brake themselves.¨ (driverless cars are coming 7) shows that the cars are just as handy as if a human was driving them.

Next, other sensors alert the driver as needed. In case there is construction or another type of barrier that might confuse a driverless car, there are sensors to alert the human in the car that they are needed. The driverless cars will have installed,¨ in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays.¨(driverless cars are coming 8) allowing for a fun ¨Drive¨ to the destination while also having a safe one. To further support this idea,"Such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over.¨ (driverless cars are coming 8) reassures the idea that one can enjoy the ride while also knowing they are safe and can take over when necessary.

Lastly, driverless cars can prevent accidents caused by cell phone use while driving. Cell phone users are not aware of where the car is going if they are looking at their phone. When the article says,¨ something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone.¨ (driverless cars are coming 8) reffering to the heads-up system, it creates a feeling of saftey knowing one can still be interacting with technology while being aware of what is going on with the car. Also, ¨ In this way, the car-system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern.¨ ( driverless cars are coming 8) seals the deal that driverless cars are a innovative new way to prevent accidents through cell phone use.

The ability to carry out similar functions as if a human were driving, the addition of sensors that alert the driver when needed, and the ability to prevent more car accidents through cell phone use are what make driverless cars a necessity to the world. Though some have argued it would be hard to trust the technology, tests have proven otherwise. The technology and innovativness of the car are very promising. Ultimately, having a driverless cars is what everyone needs.   