Students would not benefit from taking classes at home. One could have a lack of communication or social skills. The student can not have easy access to things like school students can. One could also lose or have less friends. There would be no benefit from taking online classes because the student would not have easy access to things, have less friends, and have a lack of communication.

A way online class is not beneficial, is that the student not good with communicating. From the student being kept away with human contact, it could unleash a shy side to a student. Being shy can also get in the way of getting a job. One may not know how other people are, how they communicate, and how they react. Overall, the student may not know how to act or respond to the situation.

Distance learning could cause the student to not have a easier access to things like kids in public school. Say if you need a book for a subject that you are in, most public schools would give it to you for free. However, if you are home online, you would most likely have to buy an expensive book. Although you could just buy your own materials, public schools usually provide supplies for free.

Lastly, not being in public school could possibly effect one from having less friends. A limited amount of friends can cause you to stay barricaded in your house most of the time. It could also trigger depression, making you feel alone or like you have nobody. One may fade away from their friends because they do not see them often. One of the reasons of being in school is to make friends, so learning online defeats the whole purpose.

Learning at home is not as dependable as in learning in school. Being home schooled can cause unnecessary payments for materials and supplies, while most schools hand out supplies to kids for free. Distance learning could be causing one to stay in its own bubble, or not know how to improve their social skills. Getting educated on a computer at home, can make you lose friends and spend less time with them. These are my reasons why being in school is better.