Drivers Should Not Be Able to Use Phones While Driving

Approximately 25% of all motor related injuries and fatalities are caused by distracted drivers. Distracted driving includes any activity that requires you to not have your full attention on the road and your surroundings while driving. A big factor in distracted driving is the development of cellphones over the past few decades and the common use of them while driving. Driving while using your cellphone takes your attention and focus off of the road and during the time someone takes their eyes off the road to look at their phone anything could happen. This poses a large threat to themselves, other people that may be riding in the vehicle, and the other people driving on the road. This is why drivers should not be able to use phones while driving.

Distracted Driving been the source of countless motor vehicle related fatalities. According to the Department of Motor Vehicles, at least "9 people in the U.S. are killed each day as a result of crashes involving a distracted driver." Using a cellphone while driving coincides with the idea of distracted driving. Many teens and adults feel the need to be on their phones while driving but this poses a large threat to innocent people driving on the road. Distracted driving has been considered by many as an epidemic that is entirely preventable but hasn't yet been prevented. Though many states have passed a law criminalizing distracted driving, it still remains a large problem within the United States in itself.

Texting and driving is among the most fatal types of distracted driving as "when a driver reads or sends a text message, his or her eyes are off the road for five seconds, meaning that a person driving 55 mph would travel the length of a football field without looking at the road" (Kitch). During these 5 seconds, there is a high chance of getting into a fatal car or vehicle crash which is a threat to other drivers on the road. People who use their cellphones while driving pose themselves as a risk to anyone in the vehicle with them or anyone driving on the roads around them.

All in all, distracted driving, and specifically cellphone usage while driving, causes a great threat to many people. Further action should be taken in order to prevent more deaths and injuries resulting from it and should be heavily enforced. The threat cellphone usage poses to people should stop people from being able to use their phones while driving.   