Wouldn't it be better if you have the option to attend your classes from the commodity of your house? Although some say that distance learning would not benefit students, actually students should be benefited from distance learning to attend their classes from home because it can help students who have disabilities and it can also help students see school from a different perspective of learning.

Those who believe that distance learning would not benefit students have their reasons. They believe students could have trouble with social interaction in the future. They also think that it can motivate students to be dependable on artificial life. For example, my friend PROPER_NAME who rather attend his classes online and also rather spend his time playing video games and not with his family or friends.

Distance learning can benefit students who have disabilities. When I used to live in Honduras, I had a friend called Generic_Name. Generic_Name had a weird condition on her legs, she could not walk. It was very hard for Generic_Name to attend school. Her mother, called Generic_Name, had to push her wheelchair every morning so that Generic_Name could attend school. Our school was about 30 minutes away from home, by walking. During school time, Generic_Name had to push her wheelchair to get to her classes, restroom and recess. Even though, Generic_Name would get ready early in the morning, she would usually be late for school. Sometimes, Generic_Name would not get good sleep, so it was very hard for Generic_Name to pay attention in class. I think that it was not Generic_Name's fault for not attending school on time. I think that people with disabilities like Generic_Name, can benefit to attend classes online from home. It would save them time, so that they can get a good sleep to pay attention in class.

Distance learning can benefit students see school from a different perspective of learning. Last year, my cousin Generic_Name, refused to go to school. My cousin, had bad grades at all of his classes, at the beginning of first quarter. My cousin didn't like school at all. He would usually say that he would always be tired to attend school because he had to wake up early in the morning. My cousin, thought that he was really bad for school. I would usually hear complains of my cousin about the school's free lunch or about him thinking that he was not made for school. My cousin then talked to his counselor about this issue of him not being able to pass all of his classes. His counselor told him that he could attend all of his classes online, so he did. My cousin's grades are really good now, and he also thinks that it was and amazing experience, for having the opportunity to attend all of his classes. I think that my cousin was not bad at school, he was just not receiving the way of education he needed. I also think that people like my cousin, can be benefit by distance learning because they can experience their school year from a different way of learning.

In conclusion, distance learning can benefit people with disabilities, to help them feel that their necessities also count as students. Also it can benefit people who believe that they are not good for school, so that they can experience a different way to learn and feel useful. I think that distance learning can benefit students with this kind of problems, improve and be equal like the rest of the students, regardless their way of learning.