Dear Florida senator, this letter is to discuss my opinion about the voting system for how the new president of the United States of America should be elected or for how the current president should serve another term. The main topic for this letter, is wether or not we should keep the Electoral College or disregard it and go to popluar vote. Giving this topic into consideration, it should be best if we switch to popular vote. Candidates not focusing their attention on all the states and that the outcome could be a tie are the different apects on why we should abolish Electoral College and bring forth popular vote.

To begin with, candidates don't focus on trying to get all the states to vote on them in Electoral College. The explanation for this is because since its the "winner-take-all" system, the competors disregard the states where they know they're not going to win over the majority. They don't even show up to the states or try to win them over. "During the 2000 campain, seventeen states didn't see the candidiates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campain ad" quoted from "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong" by Bradford Plumer. Some might say that this is not a huge issue, but it is to the states that are being ignored. They want equality and a chance to be recognized by each of the rivals. It is clear to see that the candidates give no sign of importance to states that have slim chances of them voting for him/her.

Continuing on further, the Electoral College's outcome could end up in a tie. In a result of this mishap, the state delegates, from the House of Representatives, start to vote for the president. The vice-president is chosen by the The Senate. Each state has one vote to choose which side their rooting for. The silver lining in this decision is that, different states have different amount of population, so it's unfair for all the states to have the same amount of power in choosing the president. "Because each state casts only one vote, the single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters" taken from "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best best-laid defenses are wrong" by Bradford Plumer. People doubt that there will ever be a tie but they're were close ones in 1968 and 1976. There's no doubt that, if a tie happens in the Electoral College, everything would go down south.

To sum it all up, reasons why we should switch out of Electoral College is because candidates don't focus on every state and that the final outcome might end up to be a tie. The Electoral College should be abolished due to these reasons. Popular vote is the best for our country. It'll help the voting system by an abundant amount. Please take this into consideration senator and make the correct decision.            