Over winter break when school was out my science teacher assigned work to do online. All the students were required to do it by the beginning of the next class. Even though I had a full week to do it, I still waited until the day before to finish the assignment. I got distracted by my phone and plans with friends. When students enter a classroom setting they become more focused and distractions decrease. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home, reminding us that distractions are limited in a controlled environment.

Students would not benefit from at home classes because there are limited rules. At home students would not have a teacher helping them or reminding them to stay on task. Students would benefit from having an adult figure telling them assignments and when they are due. In an at home classroom setting there are no rules or teachers telling students to get off their phones. There is nothing stopping the student from changing to a different tab or playing games instead of doing the work. Students are already on their phones at school too much, so when the rules decrease at an at home setting the students would do whatever they want. If students were to be kept in a controlled environment like a classroom then they would keep the rules in mind and not break them. There would also be someone enforcing the rules onto the students unlike at home.

Students would not benefit from at home classes because it allows for more procrastination. In a classroom students have a due date for assignments. They also have a teacher enforcing the due dates and reminding them to do it. In an at home classroom setting, the due dates stay but the teacher enforcement does not stay. Students are more likely to wait to do their work when they do not have someone pushing them to do it, than if someone was telling them to do it. A teacher creates a controlled environment but in an at home classroom the control goes away. The procrastination would increase and the amount of work being done would decrease significantly. The students would easily procrastinate the work that needs to be done and cause more stress on themselves.

Students would not benefit from at home classes because there is a lack of motivation. Students would not be motivated in an at home learning setting because they have other things they could be doing. When students are in a school they are not allowed to just leave and do whatever they want, but at home they can simply close the computer screen and go about their day. This temptation would over come most students and they would not succeed. Some people believe that at home classes would be beneficial to students, but they are wrong because the amount of distractions at home are far more significant than the relaxing environment some people think that the at home school would create.

Distractions at home cause at home schooling to be not beneficial to students. Parents, students, and schools should do more research on the negative effects of at home schooling before enrolling. The at home schooling bandwagon has many negative effects that outweigh the positive. Students would not benefit from online classes and their learning would suffer due to the amount of distractions and problems that come with online schooling. 