In the 21st century, the world has become increasingly digitized. This has allowed people to communicate with greater ease and from further distances. An example of a part of daily life that uses more and more technology is the education system. Many classrooms are beginning to offer information via online. Despite the limitations of an online classroom, it will benefit students by offering them flexibility and by preventing them from falling behind.

Due to the nature of online learning, it will offer students more flexibility in their learning. If the student wants to learn the information face-to-face with the teacher and ask any questions they might have, they can do so. On the other hand, online education allows students to complete their school work from the comfort of their own home if they are unable to attend class for any reason. For example, in the event that a student becomes ill and has to stay home, it allows that student to be caught up on the work that they missed.

Another benefit of online education is the ability to help prevent students from falling behind in class. There are many scenarios in which a student can end up falling behind on their school work or in their understanding of a subject, even though the teacher must keep moving on with the class. For example, if a student must stay home for an extended period of time due to an illness, then they can remain caught up on what the class is learning through their online classroom. Additionally, if a student feels that they do not understand a concept that was taught and was unable to ask questions to the teacher about it, then they would be able to use the different resources offered by an online classroom to gain a better understanding.

On the contrary, the online classroom does have some limitations. Firstly, not every student may have access to internet at their home. Other students may have spotty connection at best or limited amount of screen time. However, in this scenario the potential to do good outweighs the restrictions. For students that have issues with online learning at their home can still meet with their teacher to discuss any problems they might have or workarounds to solve it.

In the age of technology, its integration into everyday life is inevitable. One aspect that is beginning to become digitized is the classroom. While critics may point out its restrictions, the online classroom will give students more accessibility from home and help them stay on top of their missed work. Besides, public education has remained largely unchanged since its inception. Wouldn't it be a waste to not use technology to its benefit?