Student-designed projects are great, they persuade students to be more unique and creative on their project. There is an ongoing debate over whether summer projects should be student-designed or teacher-designed. There are those who argue that teacher-designed projects are better, but this is not true. Although some may disagree, projects should be student-designed.

There are a variety of reasons why summer projects should be student-designed. Students are more creative than teachers. For example, I like to add more color and pictures to my project. When students work on project by their selves they tend to understand it better because there is no pressure on them. Furthermore, no one is telling the students what to read or write on their project. When a student designs there own project it looks easier to them, and it also builds their confidence up. Another reason summer projects should be student-designed is because they better the student skills. For example, when I go off too college the projects will be easier to me because Im already experienced,

also if i was to do a presentation I would know what certain points I want to say, and what parts I would like to start from.

There additional reasons why a student-designed summer project is more beneficial. Students can show the project to their friends and family, and that would help because if the student is wrong on some parts of the project they have people around that can correct them. However, when students show their project to their friends and family that can help better the student presentation and social skills. Due to the summer being a break from school, students have a lot of time to work on the project. For example, no one is rushing the student, therefore, the student can add extra work. The summer gives the students a lot of time to be more unique. Also, summer projects that are student-designed are better because the teacher may want the students to turn the project in earlier than expected. Another additional reason is that student-designed projects may be easier, because the student might not understand how the teacher designed it, or may not understand the instructions. For example, if summer already started and the student did not understand the teacher instructions, the student can ask the teacher to email the instructions to them.

Although some may disagree, projects should be student-designed. During the summer student-designed projects are best because they better student's skills, student have a lot of time to work on the project, and students can understand the project better. There are those who argue that teacher-designed projects are best, but this is not true. Ultimately, student-designed projects are better because they persuade students be more unique and creative.