Driverless cars may be coming in our future, but they most likely will not be commonly used. Driving a car run by a computer allows a number of problems to occur. Since 2009, driverless cars have been around. These cars are only considered driverless under certain conditions though. If the car is not reliable in all traffic conditions, people should not rely on them to get them where they need to go safely.

Society today relies on technology and computers for almost everything from talking to friends to sending military signals hundreds of miles. At times, even the most advanced technology glitches. Driving a car that is controlled by technology would pose the same problems. Would the car still drive if it started raining? What would happen if the rotating sensor on the roof glithched? A driver, assuming the car is driving, may not be attentive and see the signal given by the car for the human to take over. The car could crash causing even bigger problems than just faulty technology.

Crashes occur even when human drivers are in control of the car. It is inevitable that crashes are likely to happen in the autonomous cars as well. Paragraph 9 states that, "in most states it is illegal to even test computer-driven cars." If these driverless cars are better than having a human behind the wheel, most states would allow them to be tested. Even if they were tested and allowed to be driven new laws would have to be put into place. In the case of an accident, would drivers or manufacturers be at fault for the accident? Drivers might claim that they did not see the signs that the car gave them signifying that the human was supposed to take over. Manufacturers would argue saying that the driver was unattentive to their surroundings.

Drivers who rely on computer driven cars may loose the skills needed to drive a car over time. If they do not drive in favorable conditions, because the car is driving, how will the manufacturers expect them to be able to drive in hazardous conditions. Practice makes perfect; without practice, a driver will not be close to perfect. Switching to cars being driven by humans in times of unstable conditons could potentially cause more accidents.

Driverless cars might sound like a fantastic idea. When the different risks are taken into consideration, a human life should be more important than not having to drive. The reliability of the autonomous cars is not strong enough at this time to be considered safe. Humans should keep driving cars and computers should stick to sending text messages.