The aritcle " Driverless Cars Are Coming " talks about negative and positive asapects of driverless cars. I agree with the development of these cars because they help people out, they're smart cars, and people would be saving there money by not having to buy another car. All of these are good ideas to have driverless cars in the near future.

These new cars can be a big help to many people in genreal. If a person doesn't want to drive and is to lazy too, then that is what the cars are here for. Drivers can rest while the car is taking the wheel, but they would have to be in alert because there might be situatuons where there is work zones and would have to use our human skills to go around it. These cars can also warn drivers about certain things, such as pulling out of a driveway and making the driver look back and check if there are any cars.

These new and developed cars are also smart and can warn a driver with anything. Manufactures plan on using cameras to wtahc the driver have there eyes on the road and nowhere else. This would be a good idea because many people use there phone while driving. Either they are texting or talking to someone on the phone which is dangerous. This idea about using cameras to see if drivers are paying attention on the road would decrease the number of accidents and deaths. A good idea that they also came up with is to use flashing lights on the windshield to give the driver a heads up that it's there turn to take over the wheel which I feel is a good idea because if they're asleep then the flashing lights can wake them up instantly.

Another reason to get the driverless cars in the future is that a lot of people can't afford cars and they're stuck walking or riding there bike to school or to work. You won't have to buy a car anymore because of the new technology that they are coming up with. This will save people that are in need of a car a lot of money. This new technology would help out alot because of the different ideas that manufacutrers are coming up with.

I agree with the development of these cars because they help people out, they're smart cars, and people would be saving there money by not having to buy another car. These ideas would help and please a lot of people because it's so much help.           