I, personally think its always better to talk to more than one person, for advice. Going to more than one person for advice, is good but it just has to be someone you trust. You shouldn't just talk to anyone about your problems though.

Seeking advice from more than one person is always better because some people give better advice than others, it can change how you feel, and change your actions.

A reason its always better to go to more than one person for advice is because some give better advice than others. For example, your mother may give you better advice than your friends will because she knows you better than your friends do. Then again, your friends may give better advice than your mother will because you might be scared to get judged or to open up to your mother. A trusted adult may give you better advice than your parents will. Bad advice can influence and effect you in many ways. All the advice you get, may just depend on the person. Someone can give you bad advice, then the other person you talk to, may give you good advice.

All the advice just depends on the person because everyone was raised differently. Some believe and think differently than others.

The second reason you should go to more than one person for advice is because certain advice can change the way you feel. Some advice can also change the way you look at things. You will look at the bigger picture about sitautions. For example, if you feel a type of way about a conflict you had with someone then, you go to your friend about whatever the case may be, her advice can change the way you feel about the whole situation. You might think the whole conflict was childish after, you had that talk with your friend. That advice your friend gave you about that whole situation, may make you even want to aplogize to the person you had that conflict with.

Another reason you should go to more than one person for advice is because the advice can change your actions. Advice can change your actions just like how it can change your feelings. Some advice can make you want to do postivite and negative things. Advice can make you want to apologize, have a talk, sort things out, and many more things. Some words can make you change your actions. For example, you wanted to fight someone then you had a talk with your mom about that scenario. That long talk you had with your mom, can make you want to talk things out. It doesn't even have to be a long talk, a few wise words can make you want to change your actions.

The best thing to do is get advice from more than one person. Its best to get advice from more than one person because it can change your actions, some give better advice than others, and it can also change how you feel. Advice can make you look at the bigger picture. Advice can also teach you not everything needs a reaction. A few words and opinons can change your whole perspective about a situation.

You should always be smart about who you go to for advice. Don't just ask anyone for advice! You should only go to somebody you trsut for advice. Hearing the wrong advice from the wrong person, can make things go left.            