The ease of modern technology has caused society to implement it into every day life. This is especially relevent in schools and education. School districts have began providing personal devices to students in order to widen their learning experience. Students are now able to take their education home and gain knowledge outside traditional classrooms. Some schools even allow students to take online classes that they can complete in the comfort of their own home. However, students do not benefit from distance learning because it lacks social interaction, hands on field learning, and a serious workspace.

Students should not take online classes from their homes' because it does not provide the vital social interactions that the conventional school settting has. In a traditional school setting, students are incouraged to make friends and work in groups with a variety of different people. This teaches the students good communication and high tolerance which are necessary for the real world work force. Virtual education secludes the students into working privatly or in online groups, both options lacking beneficial face to face communication. If students do not have good relationship skills they will see their dimise in the adult world where personal skills are most necessary.

Another reason why students do not benefit from virtual classes, is that online classes can not provide hands on learning experiences. Hands on learning experiences and field work, such as physical science experiments, allow students to flex their innate curiosity and problem solving skills. Learning with physical trial and error methods allow students to learn through experience which is one of the most effective ways of learning. Online classes, however, do not allow students to experience this. They can only provide simulations for the student which can not even come close to producing the same benefits as the real thing. Traditional schools provide this learning with activities like chemistry experiments, animal disections, and mock trials. Thus another reason why distance learning does not provide as many benefits as traditional schools.

Lastly, online classes provide a faulty learning environment. Virtual classes are only possible through the internet and wifi, two things that are known to occationally have complications. If the wifi goes down or a student's device buffers, this could greatly impact the student's ability to learn and complete assignments. This makes the internet an inefficient workspaces for students to rely on. In addition, allowing students to stay at home while completeing school may be a massive distraction. Students might abuse the freedom of being in their own homes by being unproductive by snacking, sleeping, or doing activities around the house. Being in a classroom allows students to forget about their home lives and outside activites while allowing them to focus in a well designed workspace.

In conclusion online classes may provide some comforts, however are wholistically unbeneficial. Virtual classes fail to teach students imporant relationship and life skills which are vital to post education life. Distance learning does not provide hands on learning experiences which are extremely beneficial to students. Completeing an education online can hinder learning through technical complications and distractions. 