Have you ever thought about how it feels to learn from the luxury of your own home? Online learning is very beneficial, to both the student and instructor. It is safer for both the student and instructor than an actual school environment. Taking classes online could be one of the many cures for most teen's sleep deprivation and insomnia. This would also help with time management, which plays a key roll in the success of a student and teacher.

Learning form home through an online class allows students to feel comfortable while learning and in their environment.

Taking courses online provides safety for students and educators that could not be guaranteed in a school environment. Bullying is a problem that is very hard to get under control. People get bullied nationwide, and their is nothing we can do to end it completely. But if allow students take courses from their homes that could cut down on bullying and the violence that comes with it. Online courses protect a child's mental health, stability and insanity. Some students face the pressure of trying to fit in, which eventually leads to signs of depression. Schoolwork along with higher level classes can cause students to become overwhelmed and have breakdowns. Lately in the United States of America their have been a lot of school shootings. This installs fear in both students and their parents. Parents are scared to send heir children to school, and who blames them. Students go to school afraid that it may be their last day on this earth. School is suppose to be the safest place for parents to send their kids but now you never know what could happen.

Online courses could help cure sleep deprivation among teens. Students stay up ours at a time to work on projects, study for test/quizzes, and do homework. since they are in school for eight hours a day they do not have time to relax and take naps. Also their weekends are fully packed with schoolwork that needs to be done for the following week. they have the tendency to overwork themselves without even knowing it. If students keep going at this rate they would have long term effects in the future, such as insomnia. Having insomnia could hurt them in the long run especially in college. Some students fail to pay attention in class. Their minds are cluttered with the thoughts of other classes. They are so tired that it is very easy for them to lose track of what they are doing or what is happening around them. It's hard to focus when you've been up all night to make sure you have your homework done or you studied enough to pass your test. Online classes will allow teen to get enough sleep and relaxation. The body shuts down fast when it hasn't gotten enough sleep This could cause students to fall asleep in class non stop.

Taking courses online at home allow individuals to build a sense of time management skills. if a student plays sports or does and extracurricular activities, it is hard for them to finish homework when they are tired. They go from spending eight long hours at school to another two-three hours at their activity. Students will not procrastinate if they developed time management skills. this will allow them to juggle classwork and projects, all while they play sports or have a job. They will be able to turn in their work on time and get the grade they deserve. This would eliminate the chance of a student submitting sloppy and rushed work.

However, not all students will benefit from online classes. Students have the tendency to procrastinate and not do their work until the night before it is due. This causes them to fail and become upset when they get a bad grade. They believe that they have all the time in the world to finish their work. Sometimes the fail to sign on to the virtual classroom. They don't do any assignments and most teachers dont take late assignments or they take points off. Most kids will use the internet to cheat. They dont learn anything and when it is time for the finale exam in person they have no idea what they are doing.

Their are many ways students can benefit from online classes. They will be safe, it could cure teen sleep deprivation, and ensure time management skills. Students and educators will be strongly impacted by this. Learning from home through an online class allows students to feel comfortable while learning and in their environment.