Venus is one of the brighest points of light in the night sky and sometimes called "Evening Star". Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of Earth, It has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. In "The Challange of Exploring Venus," the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursit despite the danger it presents. Three reasons that supports author idea is Venus has dangerous geology and weather , the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere, and the surface temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit.

The fisrt reason is Venus present dangerous geology and weather. In Venus, the climate and weather are worst and danger which make nothing to survive. in a paragraph, it said " Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting vocanoes, powerful earthquake, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on it's surface." This show why it's danger for anything that land on Venus.

The second reason is venus has the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. In a paragraph, it said " The cloud conditions are far more extreme than anything human encounter on Earth; scuh as enviroment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals." this show how it is dangerous to humans and enviroments.

The third reason is the surface temperatures average over 800 degrees Fehrenheit. Also the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than our planet. In a paragraph, it said " Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system and solar power power would be plentiful, and radition would not excced Earth level." This support that no one can live on Venus because of the temperature.

So, In " The Challenge of Exploring Venus, " The author suggests that studying venus is worthy pursit despite the danger it presents because of this three reasons. Venus has dangerous geology and weather, the clouds of highly corosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere, and the surface temperatures average over 800 degree fehrenheit. Venus is referred to as Earth's "twin," It's dangerous for living organisms to live.