Driverless cars are a new thing in the world.

Some people think that the cars are the best thing in the world because you don't have to actually drive, but some other people think that they are a bad idea because they don't trust them.

Being in the driver seat of a driverless car can be stressful.

If the driver didn't trust the car to drive itself then the driver would be freaking out everytime the car applied the gas, breaks or even just turned the wheel.

This invention is very high tech but there are many things that are needed before they are out on the roads.

Driverless cars can be dangerous in many ways.

Since they are new, there may be some flaws.

The car could accidently apply the gas instead of the breaks and then there would be a crash, or the wheel could turn right instead of left and you would be going the wrong way. That would make the driver frustrated and then they would end up taking over the car and driving themselves anyway.

Or what if there is a crash, then who would be responsible for it.

Would it be the driver of the driverless car or would it be the manufacturer who designed the car in the first place.

The car could have a malfunction and the driver of the car would be blamed even though they were not even driving the car.

Right now the driverless cars are illegal in most states to even test them.

So if they are not tested properly, why would a driver want to risk his/her life when they could just drive themselves and they can guarentee that they know they are going the right way and they would know that the car would stop at a stop sign instead of speeding up.

These cars need to be worked on a few more years before they get released to the public to where they can buy them off a lot.

On the other hand, if the cars are developed properly, it should notify the driver when he/she needs to take over the car.

There are some situations where the driver may need to take over such as in construction or heavy traffic.

You may need to take over when driving through construction to ensure safety.

The car will let you know when you need to take over by vibrating the seat or flashing lights on the windshield.

There is also a safety feature that manufacturers are considering that uses cameras to watch that drivers are always focused on the road even if they are not driving.

While the driver watches the road, the car will watch the driver to make sure they are still paying attention and that can help improve safety with these cars.

In conclusion, I think that driverless cars are dangerous right now, but with more years of development, they may be the new thing of the future.

Once every state in the country allows the cars to be tested, then that will be the next step towards having the cars on the roads and available to the public.

But that may take a few years.

The manufacturers have to make sure the cars have no flaws that could cause an accident and be their fault.

By 2020, some car companies such as Nissan and Audi plan to have cars that can drive themselves.

Everyday car manufacturers are getting one day closer to creating driverless cars to the public.

But I think that the cars need to be tested properly before they even think about putting them on the roads.