Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I heard that you are considering changing school policy for students to have at least a B average to participate in sports. Though, most kids have a C average. I believe that this is a beneficial idea to do. This could cause kids to do better in school and try harder in class.

The idea of at least a B average is an extraordinary idea. This is extraordinary because kids would have to put in more effort. Some kids just slack off because they know that they can get a C average to stay in sports and not try to excel. They don't really try harder because that would require them to have to put in more effort then they may believe that they really need to. For the students that normally get C average would probably take more effort into trying harder and do their best because they will want to stay in sports.

This could also help benefit the students. This would benefit them because this will help the students to try harder and get better grades to stay in the sports. Getting better grades will help them get a better education and be more successful in life. Not only does this benefit the students, it also helps the school look better overall. Before the school was mostly just a C average school but if it becomes a B average school, more people might want to go to go there because it will have students that are doing more successful academically.

I think this idea of B average to be in sports could really be beneficiary. Though, there are some dire consequences. For example, if students have to have a B average and are struggling making a C average but are trying their hardest, the students are more likely to just quit the sport. They could always play that sport at home. This would cause the sports teams to have less people though this would be easier to help pay for equipment for the students still on the teams.

There are some dire consequences and some benefits for requiring students getting at least a B average to be in sports. Overall, I believe that this is an amazing opportunity for kids to try harder and do better. Being more successful will pay off quite well in life. They could get a better job and have a better, yet easier, life. Students could also realize that they have the ability to achieve higher then they believe.