Imagine you cannot give birth but you can adopt. Seeking multiple opinions can help make a better choice because not every time that your deciding what to do is better, when you decide on something you think about it over and over again so many times, and when you only ask one person they may sometimes not have some advice to give you. It is hard on deciding by yourself, and sometimes its not the best.

It is hard deciding on something, however asking to get multiple advice/opinions is hard too. Multiple pieces of advice are very helpful and can make you more sure of what you are going to do. First of all it depends on the situation you are having. Second, having second guesses on the last minute is very normal since you can't go with one you go to the other. When you really do not have anybody to ask advice to all you could do is maybe go online and do some research, but you could also do it if you have someone."

Better choices, better plans go to together like ham and cheese."

This could be one of many things you could have heard when you are asking for advice from other people that you do not talk to a lot or hang out with much.

Different people give very different advice sometimes, Never the less it actualizes between the people you hang out with or talk to the most. Sometimes those trusted persons will find a way to stop you or tell you to not do it or say etc. But you should go for it, the possibilities for it coming true or false is a 50/50 chance. However, keep in mind that people act different when there is something in it for them. So never ever negotiate what it takes to just give you advice since they are too insecure about letting you know what they feel about you. The best choice that you can have are your parents. Some may try to hurt you and some may try to help if they know the struggle you are going through then it will be no problem into helping you.

When you decide something it stays in your file mind until it pops up and says "alert late notification" years later ad after that you just do not know what to do and keep it in mind for days or even months, years, decades, etc. It is very strange for a human to do that but there are some cases when there are. It is difficult to human for them to just automatically say yes, when they are in a strained situation. It will not help to make a better choice if you keep thinking about it, it will just get worse. Maybe, when you have found your piece of advice you were looking for just act fast before it is too late. Because when people are trustworthy of the advice and/or opinion they gave you, it will tell when you look at them in the eyes.

It is better seeking multiple opinions because it will help you figure out what you need the most. Now you can do what you think is right with the advice of others combined and act. Also if that person you really trusted is off the chart just tell them you appreciated the advice and break the connection with them. Maybe some of the advice they give you might sound hideous but it is promised that it could have worked later on.

At least it is not hurtful like giving birth, although you cannot. 