Today was a long day at school wasn't it? You did a lot of work. Studied hard. Maybe you even spent two blocks typing an essay for your SOL. Wouldn't it be nice to take a break and do something you enjoy? I think all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

To start, activities can help kids make new friends and socialize. An article published by NOVA stated that "87% of students that participate in after school activities make a friend that they previously weren't friends with." That's a large number. Based on the study, students make friends more frequently when they are in the same club or activity as someone with the same interest as you. I think that making new friends and having fun in an activity is something everyone should experience. In the same article, it states that "kids that share the same interest tend to develop a stronger friendship than kids with opposite interest and personalities." The easiest way to find someone that shares interest with you is to go to a club or activity. You'll meet people with the same liking as you. I actually met my best friend at a extracurricular activity. We were both in the same club, meaning we share somewhat of the same interest, so we started talking more, and we became best friends.

Another reason is, kids can take a break from school and relax for a while. A study done by the Virginia Health Department shows that "the average kids aged 11 and older that play a sport or do an activity they love, have their stress level decreased by up to 67%. It can also help clear their mind from all the bad and corruption going on around them." When I play basketball, everything that I'm thinking about clears and I stay focused on the game. At that point, I know longer feel stressed or worried about anything going on around me. I think that's always a good thing to do. Just have fun and relax. Don't be stressed or worried about anything. Just enjoy yourself. Another article by Richard Sampson, writer for the Washington Post, stated that "playing a sport or participating in an activity showed to be just as effective, if not more effective than meditation. It clears and calms the brain and body while having fun and enjoying oneself." Having fun, and being stress free? That sounds like a win-win situation to me. I think it's a great thing to do. You lose stress and have fun. Why wouldn't you want to do an extracurricular activity?

On the other hand, students shouldn't be forced to do an extracurricular activity if the don't want to. A study done by the Loudoun County Public Activities Club (LCPAC) showed that students that were forced to sign up for and activity didn't have fun or enjoy them self. I don't think that making someone sign up for an activity is a good idea because they won't have fun. However, it's always good to try something new. If they don't like the activity they signed up for, then they don't have to do it next time. Try something else. Activities are supposed to be a fun, enjoyable time.

To bring it all together, extracurricular activities should be something all students do. It brings fun, joy, new friends, and takes away stress and anxiety. That sounds like a great opportunity to me. Contact your principal at school. Get activities started at your school. Or, sign up for one outside of school. Trust me, you will love it!