Over 60% of students who participate in extracurricular activities have a better chance of getting into college and getting a good job. My principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I agree with this decision because students would get more experience in school, they would become more productive, and parents would have more time to work.

One reason why I agree that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity, is because students would gain experience from it. If students participate in extracurricular activities they could gain experience from the the things they learned and the mistakes they made. For example, I am part of The Ambassadors Club, and this program has taught me how to manage my time, how to work with other people, and how to efficiently get work done, which I will need as I'm growing up. Students would get new experience if they participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

Another reason why I agree that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity, is because it will help the students become more productive. Most students at home have nothing to do, so they fill that time up by going on their phones, playing video games, or getting into trouble. One example would be myself because I am lazy, and I love to procrastinate. I would usually get my work done last minute, and I would always do the bare minimum. So, I decided to join a club at school, and I chose Drama Club. The club was very fun and exciting, and I learned a lot of new acting skills. Ever since I joined the Drama Club I have stopped procrastinating, and I have been more productive in school and at home. I believe that if students participate in at least one extracurricular activity they would be become more productive and would stay out of trouble.

My last reason why I agree that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity, is because it would give their parents more time to work. Many students have parents who work long hours, and their parents might have to hire a babysitter or might have to enroll their child into daycare, which both are very expensive. Parents might not have enough money to provide their children with a babysitter or day care, so they have to get off work early so they can take care of their child/children. For example, my sister, who goes to the same school as me, comes home at around 2:30 pm, but my parents don't come home until around 4:00 pm. So our parents had to hire a babysitter, but all of the babysitters were to expensive, so our parents had to get off of work early just to take care of her and to make sure that she is safe. After a month of leaving work early, my mom signed my sister up for Step Team, which my sister says is really fun. Now my parents don't have to leave work early because of the extra hour and a half that my sister is at Step Team. If students participate in at least one extracurricular activity their parents would be able to work more, and they would be able to earn more money to provide for their children.

All in all, parents would have more time to work, students would be more productive, and they would get more experience if students participate in at least one extracurricular activity. However, some people might think the new system is bad because students would want to relax or hang out with friends, but I believe that their are a lot more positive effects if students participate in an extracurricular activity. In conclusion, with this new system many parents will benefit from it, and many students will benefit from the new system as well.