In this article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" has differnet things that really is not really helpfull cause suposely it drives by its self. But I'm going to give you reason why it good and bad. Some are good thing which could help out the driver driving it, but others that is going to be a problem for that person.

The good thing is that it would use only half of the fuel that a normal car would. And that the car is computerdriven meaning that is a smart car that would would self drive. And that the car well have alot of sensers that will be telling what to be doing.

And the bad thing about it is that the Google cars aren't truly driveless they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways. Or dealing with complicated traffic issues such as navigation through roadwork or accidents. And the problem is that it uses cameras to watch that the driver remain fouce on the road so while the driver watches the road the car watches the driver. So mainly how well it be sure that nothing is going to happen to the driver driving in the road.

They can steer accelerate and brake themself but it still needs of human skill to navigation through work zones and round accidents so mainly that the preson still have to be alert. Still even if traffic laws change new laws will need to oder to cover liability in case of an accident. Cause if the technology fails and someone is injured whos fault will it be the drivers or the manufacturers. Lets say that it was auto driving its self but somthing happens then there was an accident mainly it was the person that made the car not the drive he/she could had been paying atenchen to the road but dont know how to control the car from crashing. So mainly its the techology that had gone wrong.

So my thing is that it could be ok but when comes to technology failer all the problem goes to the manufacturer cause something had gone wrong. And the driver could had been doing all he/she did to do to not get in the accendent but could not prevent it form happing it the veitcal was still in control. So mainly that the car thing could and could not work well cause things could go wrong in unsupected ways that people would not reilizse it but things could go wrong and go out but some gravecanal brake out that could wipe everthing out. So I might go kinda against them if something goes wrong. 