Have your ever been trying to make a big life decision and you don't know what to do? So you ask your friends and they help you with all of their ideas. When trying to make a big decision it is better to ask more then one person. asking more people is helpful because it helps you make better choices,it gives you people different ideas or opinions,and it gives you the best choice or decision.

Asking more people gives you better choices. while your making a big life choice you don't want people to give you bad ideas so when you ask multiple people there will be ideas that are good and can help you. My sister is trying to decide on what college she wants to go to while she was looking she would ask people what college do they think is best for her and someone said a college that she really liked and she found the right college. When it comes to a choice yo need the best feedback, so when your asking you ask more people because it is better feedback on the choice your going to make. I was trying to make a choice on what to do this weekend so I asked my family and they helped me come up with something fun to do this weekend. Making a good choice is hard without any help or feedback but when you work with others to make a choice it is much easier and very helpful. When you are born people start to think of names for you and its hard sometimes so they all come together and help your parents out to come up with the name you have today. Having help with your choices is better then by yourself because it makes for better decisions and choices.

Give you different ideas or opinions. Coming up with an idea can be difficult without other peoples help and ideas with different ideas it can help you in many different situations. I was doing a project and i needed some help because it was hard to do alone without other peoples opinions which I needed to do the project so when my brother helped me out I go to get his side or opinion on how my project should be done. Different peoples choices or opinions is very helpful in the society we have now because if we listen just to one person it will put an image in our heads and it wont help us down. When I was talking to my mom about what I thought about the society we are in I said somethings and my mom gave me her different opinion on what I said and it opened my eyes and gave me a new and different opinion. When it comes to ideas and opinions it helps to have more then one because having more then one can help you in many ways in your life. I went to a conference in Generic_City and I had this idea of what it was going to be like,but I was surprised by it because there were many different opinions and ideas. Different ideas and opinions is all your gonna see in life and learning how to use and see them is very helpful in your future.

Gives a new perspective. Perspective has to do a lot with getting ideas or opinions and when you get a different perspective on something it is very helpful and can open your eyes to something new and different. I was at an event with my family and we listed to different people speak and we got a lot of different opinions and different perspectives on thing and it was a very good learning experience. When trying to get a new perspective on something it takes more then one person it takes multiple people to get a good perspective on something important. I had to do an interview on one of my teachers and I asked her what she thinks about our president and she gave me a whole new perspective on how politics work and how I should look at it. Ideas dont just come from you it comes from the things you see or the people you talk to and what you have experienced in your day to day life in those experiences you have learned and have seen different perspective. When I went to Generic_City I saw a lot of different things like how diverse it is over there like how people express themselves and how there are so many different perspectives on the world we live in now,politics,and all sorts of things that are really eye opening. Learning about perspective is very important in your life right now and when you learn about it it will help you become successful.

Why is it better to have multiple opinions when it comes to making a choice? It means better choices,different ideas and opinions and it gives you and new and different perspective. When using these in your life you need to be able to hear anything and everything and learn and be succeed.