Online Learning: An Ineffective Teaching Method

With the emergence of modern technology in our everyday lives, it often seems logical that it should be integrated into our school systems.

Many schools allow children to take classes online through "distance learning" programs.

However, online learning is not nearly as effective as physical school at teaching children and giving them a solid understanding of the subject matter.

It allows students to fool around without restriction and encourages them not to attend school in the first place.

Furthermore, school should stay primarily uninvolved from the home life of a child.

Some think that it would be especially great for those who cannot physically attend school because of health reasons.

Those individuals should be focussing on recovering rather than their education.

Online learning is not nearly as effective at educating students.

At the school I attend, online courses are offered as a replacement for physical classroom courses.

From speaking to others that have taken online courses, they all view them as a nuisance that does not teach them anything comparable to taking an actual class at school.

All of the students who have taken them do not think they have really learned anything because of them.

This makes sense because of how easy it is to get distracted when on the computer.

Even students with good self control have difficulty sitting in on a virtual lecture when pressing the new tab button and opening YouTube would be simple.

For this reason, online classes will never be capable of matching the teaching capabilities of an actual learning environment, like school.

Aside form the evident issues of productivity and effectiveness of online education, home should be a place where school should stay primarily uninvolved.

Everyone looks forward to a returning home after a hard day of work or school.

If school primarily takes place at home, then students will associate their own safe place with hard work and frustration when it should be a place to decompress.

A separation between learning and relaxing locations is necessary for optimal learning conditions.

Many think that online schooling would be a good way to avoid kids having to attend school, especially for those who are not physically able to.

Online schooling may be useful for children who are to sick to attend school, however it does not provide any useful advantage to students who are capable of attending school normally.

Also, students who are not physically able to attend school for medical reasons should be focusing on recovering rather than schoolwork.

If online schooling is given as an option over normal education, it will allow more kids to slack off without the encouragement and motivation that a physical classroom provides.

It would also eliminate the beneficial seperation between school and home life.

Online learning is an ineffective teaching method.        