The author suggets that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. Venus may have once been the most Earth-like planet, NASA wants to know more about the surface, and it willl give us a reason for new technology innovations.

Astronomers believe that Venus may once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" article it states in paragraph 4, "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." Venus is known to have a rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters.

NASA came up with an idea for sending humans to Venus since all previous missions were unmanned. No spaceship has survived the landing for more than a few hours. NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus. In paragraph 5 it states, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray." When the scientists are floating about the fray thirty-plus miles about the surface, the temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. NASA says, "Solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels. Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." If NASA's idea succeeds we could send scientists up there to float above the fray.

Not only is NASA working on the idea of floating about the fray, NASA is testing some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide that stimulates the chaos of Venus's surface and has lasted for three weeks in such conditions. NASA is also testing mechanical computers that played an important role during World War ll. In paragraph 7 is states, "These deviced make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all." Modern computers are powerful flexible, and quick, but tend to be more deilcate when it come the the extreme physical conditons like Venus' surface.

Studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despte the dangers it presents. Studying Venus will give us more information about the once most Earth-like planet in our solar system, we will find out more about the extreme surface conditions, and will provide us with many technology innovations and advancements.     