There are many positive ideas to the driverless cars of the future. Not having to drive, uses less gas and oil, and less crashes. Even though these are all good points to make about the driverless car, autonomously driving cars will not bring the driverless function untill the technology is available. If these driverless abilities malfuntion, people will get hurt with no idea if it was a driver or the computer had an issue. Alse, There will always have to be a driver alert for these cars to make the right decisions if there were to be crashes or construction sites.

The self driving vehicles of the future have many sensors and radars. This technology is not cheap in the current years. Yes, there is better technology than the year of 2000, but it will not be cheap to convert or buy a vehicle with all the sensors and laser beam radars. Companies will have to invest loads of money into this technology for it to become affordable. Maybe the company wants to spend that money but others will most likely not want to invest lots of money into driverless cars.

if the driverless car is put into production, the switching period will take many years for it to catch onto. There will be a mix of driverless cars and driver depedant cars. Like before, some companies will take longer to produce driverless cars than others. With this mix in cars that can drive themselves and cannot, there will be issues of liability with these issues. For example, if there were to be a crash with a driverless car and a regular car, who would know who was at fault? The driverless car will blame the manufacture and cause many unneeded court cases.

The cars today that have driverless like capabilities will need driver support. It is highly unlikey in the next year or so that they make a magical car that can drive itself through a constructionzone or a pileup on the freeway. There will need to be an alert driver to guide the car through these caution zones. There will need to be a huge leap in technology for that to happen and to fit this technology to everyday people's cars. This will cause the manufacture large sums of money for the production of this tech.

Driverless cars will indeed become reality. This may happen in 10 years or 50. The only thing to worry about this becomeing reality is the testing and the transition. Testing will happen on closed or maybe open streets. Also, the mix betweeen driverless cars and driver cars will bring the biggest problems in terms of liability. Untill this technology becomes readily available for consumer cars for an understandable price, there will always be a driver in the car having to steer for tricky situations and road hazzards.   