For decades school has been taught by having to physically go to classrooms and learn there, but now there's another option, distance learning. Whether it be online schooling or video chatting with teachers, distance learning is growing to be more popular. It may be argued whether or not distance learning is a good thing, and the short answer to that is that it is. Distance learning benefits students to be able to be in their own houses while still attending class. It'd be less expensive, better for their mental health, and overall, less time consuming for students.

Traditionally, going to college or to a private school in years K-12 means having to live on campus, but with distance learning you can live at home, and save money. That already makes distance learning less expensive. Since students won't have to live on campus to attend classes at the institution of their choice they won't have to pay an extensive amount of money for a dorm. For example, students with out financial aid could be paying anywhere from twenty to fifty thousand dollars a year to attend the school that they want to go to, and for some, the tuition is even more expensive if the institution they attend is very far from where they live. Even if a majority of students have financial aid, it doesn't cover all the expenses that come with living on campus. If students know they can't live up to paying all the loans they have, distance learning will help them a lot. Students can still achieve their goals since money would not be the biggest drawback anymore. They'll be able to learn from teachers that work in the institution of their choice while saving money.

Now, as well as students saving money, students can better their mental health. Across the country, students physically having to go to school can be mentally draining . I myself and many of my friends experience big amounts of stress having to wake up at five thirty in the morning having fallen asleep at midnight. Some may argue by saying to go to sleep early, but many people work, and go to school while still having homework. Most of the time, students work out of necessity to make more money to be able to support themselves or their families, so they can't just quit their jobs. With distance learning, students can choose a more accommodating schedule to do school so they can get an adequate amount of sleep to work and do school and any assignments they may have. People who suffer with social anxiety or anxiety in general can also better their mental health with distance learning. Students won't have to be surrounded by dozens of people at a time and can have the comfort of being at home, while still learning and trying to better their anxiety. If students were to go to school without a good mental health, they would not do so well in school. From personal experience and friends experiences, if our mental health isn't good, we tend to do bad in school that day. In some cases, a students mental health can be so bad that they can't bring themselves to go to school everyday. Therefore, instead of a student falling behind, they can do distance learning while they bring themselves up again.

Furthermore, distance learning is less time consuming. For anyone who wants school to be less time consuming, distance learning is perfect and can benefit them. The student can choose the time and day they do school. Students can also pace themselves to finish school for the day faster instead of being in a classroom and having to wait for the bell to ring. If the student is done with all their work for the day, then they're done, there is no waiting. This also benefits people with a busy schedule since they also choose the time and day of their classes, as stated before. Instead of having to fit everything else according to school, they can fit in school according to anything else going on. For example, someone may work in the mornings and have to do school at night, or have it be the other way around. Whatever the case may be, the people get to choose when and how they'll do school. As well as choosing the day and time, students won't have to commute to school. They'll save time from being stuck in traffic since they'll be learning at home. Whether it be thirty minutes or many hours of time saved because of distance learning, it benefits students either way.

Having distance learning can change many students lives. It'll make many of their lives so much easier and way more manageable. Being able to save money and have a better mental health, and being able to save time everyday can solve many problems that prevent people from learning. No person should be held back from learning when a simple solution like distance learning exists. Having it offered worldwide would definitely benefit thousands.              