Do you want to do something you enjoy well then extracurricular activities are for you. I personally thing there a great experience and you have a fun time. You can meet new people and get away from the stresses of school. That is why I believe that we should all have to do extracurricular activities.

First extracurricular activities are great for meeting new people, and making new friends. Everybody there will share some of the same interests as you because they chose an activity that they enjoy and that you enjoy too . In one of my experiences I met one of my best friends doing running club. The friends I made there turn into being friends in school and in following years. If your fine with the friends you have then you can just do the same one as your friends. Some of the people you may have never met like the same things as you.

In addition you will enjoy the one your doing. When school started and I had extracurricular activities that day, I was so excited and it made school a lot less boring. You also have the opportunity to choose what you get to do. There are so many options to choose from, sports, arts and crafts and social groups. The one you choose should be based off of you and your interests so that you have the most fun. In my opinion I would enjoy all the sports extracurricular activities.

Furthermore you can just do an extracurricular activities to get away from your house. Some kids dont like leaving school, they dont feel safe in there homes, so they can use extracurricular activities to get away from there home. Also some extracurricular activities provide snacks and water, so if your poor and can't afford much you can at least have some food. The extracurricular activities are a great to talk to people you trust about your life and the problems your facing. If you are hurting you can talk to the leader of your group and she will help you through it.

This is why I believe that we should all have to do extracurricular activities. They are fun and educational. They can help you through the hard times and the easy times. Extracurricular activities are a key part of growing up and we need to embrace it more. Remember extracurricular activities are fun for all and all for fun.