In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author support of the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger of it has enough support for it. In paragragh 1 it stats that "Venus is actually a planet. In our solar system, Venus is the second planet from our sun." my opinion is that Venus could be danger to Earth or other planets.

The main reason why I think that this article has enough support is that in paragraph 2 it talks about how the Venus is often reffered to as Earth's "twin" and it talks about how that Venus is the closes planet to Earth it has the same density and size. Even though that Venus isn't the only neighbor to Earth because we still have Mars. Venus and Mars are the closes to Earth the only thing that is different is that they go at different speeds. In paragraph 2 it stats " These differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other time to Venus. Because of Venus is sometimes right around the corner-in space terms-humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud-draped world." this is talking about how we send things to planets to see if anything is going on there and if there is any life or anything but the spacecraft has never been able to land on Venus. They even say that a spacecraft haven't land there more than three decades.

In paragraph 3 and 4 it talks about why hasn't our planet sister is so inhospitable and why scientist haven't gone any further with the research like the different tempatures and the atmosphere of it. Paragraph 3 talks about the thick atmosphere of Venus is 97% carbon dioxide and it is 800 degres Fahrenheit and that it is 90 times greater than what we have experience on our own planet. The next paragraph it talks about how Venus was exactly like Earth for example Earth was covered in oceans and Venus was the same way. They say that Venus has fimiliar features like Earth it says in paragraph 4 that "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." which means that Venus is our nearest option for planetary visit.

Last main reason why I think the author suports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers is that in paragraph 5-6 it stats some more facts about NASA sending humans to Venus and that researchers are working on investigating the knowledge of Venus. In both of the paragraph it stats that they want "blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the rolling Venusian landscape." it stats that in both paragraph because they want to see if there is any light or insight on ground. NASA thinks that the conditions aren't easy but survivable for humans.

Overall, I think striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has it's value of showing. I honeslty think that these paragraph supports the idea of stufying Venus in multiple ways. The aurthor include a lot of facts and research about Venus that gives it enough support to why they should investigate Venus. It would be fastinate to see research about Venus because you can compare and contrast to why it;s similar to Earth and why haven't it been discovered yet?   