Sometimes a person gets lost. Problems seem like they have no solution, and they fall into the constant worry of not knowing what to do or how to solve it. Being stuck can be very stressful when an issue becomes too much for just one person. However, getting advice from others is a great way to reach a solution. Talking and having multiple viewpoints have it's benefits when someone is trying to make the best choice in a difficult situation.

Seeking multiple opinions can provide someone with more perspectives and other experiences to a problem, and give reassurance of the better choice.

Everyone will most likely have a their own view on a problem. When getting advice, having multiple opinions and insight of others' experiences can give someone more perspective of the issue and therefore lead to a better solution. There are other times when advice from one person doesn't seem to help. Getting other viewpoints can be beneficial at that point because other people could say something more useful. For example, an adult's point of view on a situation can vary from the point of view of teenagers. Both of these can open up many options. Similarly, how someone else handles a situation may influence how another might handle it. Being aware of what solutions people have to offer can make for quicker fixes to a problem. All of these perspectives and experiences help gather more information, leaving less room to make an error. Still, there are other positive impacts that come with more opinions in addition to having options and helpful advice

Support can really make all the difference. Having multiple opinions and advice will give someone reassurance of the decision they have made. Even if an issue is difficult to talk about, not sharing will only make it worse in the end. Feeling supported by more than one person makes a complicated situation more comfortable, and receiving guidance from both an adult and a friend decreases a lot of the built up stress on a person. Furthermore, the stress of having to deal with a problem alone will increase the chances of someone picking the worse option, and it can also cause more worry. Reassurance is always helpful when doubt cloud someone's mind. As a result, it will make decisions a lot easier.

When a person gets stuck, and it seems as though the problem has no solution, it's better to ask multiple people for advice. It can be scary, but more perspectives, support, and knowledge of other experiences, will help someone make a better choice. All problems have solutions, but getting more opinions to reach that solution, will make everything so much better. Even though problems could be fixed with just one person, why add to the stress?