In this essay I will be explaining reason from my own point of view and from the story on why I do not think that these kind of vehicles should be created. I will give and back up my reasons on why I disagree with the making of these cars and also state items that were adressed in the passge that I agree with on why these type of cars should not be manufactured.

I disagree that these type of vehicles should be created for many reasons. The main reason is safety. Sure the cars will be able to drive by them selfs at time but that doesn't mean that they will never make mistakes. On a rainy day say you have the car drive by itself for a bit and you just lean back and relax for an hour or two. At any point between the 1 to 2 hours that car could say malfunction and crash hurting you and any other person inside that care. Weither it is just a little fender bender with another car or you total both of the cars and critically injure someone. My secondary reason is explained in the passage we were given to write about. Technology in cars has been growing in cars for the past couple of years varly rapidly. But as the author of the passage states the technology may not always be reliable of efficient in situatuions. The author also states that they car will have the human driver take control if coming to a constructuin site or a school crossing. What if at this time the human driver fell asleep while letting the car drive itself and doesnt tkae conrtol of the car at the correct time and crashes or hurts somebody.

Another reason I disagree withthe making of these kinds of vehicles is also explained in the passage. In paragraph 7 the author states something that I agree with completely. The author states in this paragraph that say someone let their car start to drive by itself and gets into an accident with another car. WHo is to blame for the accident, the human driver or the manufacturer who built the automatci driving system in the car? If you ask me I would have to say both the human driver and the car manufacture's are to blame. The human driver is to blame because if he or she were to be paying attention to what was going on around them they would have been able to react and see the oncoming car and could have possibly been able to avoid collision with the other vehicle.

Tyring to make cars more technology efficient is going to become a big concernin the furtre I think. Now a days we have things like the in-car phone system which myself and the author of the passage find to be very helpful and adds a little bit better percentage to teh safety of drivers when they are not trying to text and talk on their cell phones while driving. Adding this like self driving and automated brakes to cars can cause more safety issuses because they might not always work every time you try to use them.

Thoughout this essay you will find reason form myself and the author that i agree with on why we think that cars should be less automated as possible and the reliablitiy of human drivers should be more promising than technology trying to do it for use.