In this article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" i feel like the author has more negative than positive impact. The driveless car concept is good but the world is not ready for it. You will still have to have your hands on the wheel at all times, you will have to take control of the carwhen near a construction area or around an accident, and if the car fails then there is a chance that the blame could be on you.

First of all, these new "smart" driveless cars will only give you the ability to not have to think about when to stop and go. You will still have to have your hands on the wheel the whole time and also be alert. Wouldn't you rather just drive? Maybe these cars should actually be driveless but only used by people without the ability to drive with their hands.

My second reason on why this should not be an actual product in the future is because the passage even says that the car is "Designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." That just proves that the car is not ready to be put on the road. If the driver has to take over when the road has changed or a deer crosses the road ,How long will it take to switch this control over? It only takes a second for a child to dash into the street and not pay attention to oncoming traffic.

My third and final reason being that "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" We always hear court cases about drunk drivers and it it always their fault because they choose to get in the vehichle and do what they did, but what if we dont have control? How will a police officer know that we did not have the wheel at the time of the accident? Anyone could lie and say that their car was in complete control when the accident occured and could sue the car company.

In conclusion, the car is not ready to take on the road. You will have to keep your hand on the wheel at all times and stay alert, you will have to take the wheel anytime you are near a change in the road due to construction or an accident, and if the car fails then you will not be able to prove if it was you or this new "smart" car.      