Phones and Driving

What would happen if you were allowed to use a phone while driving? In 2012, 3,328 people were killed in distraction related accidents, while 421,000 people were injured in the same accidents in America. Texting or talking to someone while driving is illegal for a reason. A text or call is not worth others wellbeing. Phones and other devices should not be used while operating any type of vehicle on the road because it will increase your chances of hurting someone or yourself.

To start, operating a vehicle while using a cellular device can increase your risk of crashing. While people focus on their phones, it's impossible to focus 100% of attention on the road. Due to that, more accidents happen. Insurance will increase if they find out someone has been driving while distracted on their phone. A result of a car crash usually results in someone being hurt. Sometimes people even die from these same car accidents!

Of course, killing someone on accident isn't ideal. Is someone's life or family really worth risking over a text or call? It doesn't take much for a car crash to happen, so if someone is distracted by a phone, it is much more likely to happen. In 2014, cell phone usage caused 24% of car accidents. It may not sound like much, but that is a large percentage of people that were involved in a car accident in 2014. There were 6,064,000 accidents in 2014, and 24% of that is 1,455,360. Using the same source, around 35,000 of those 1,455,360 were deaths. That is not the only thing you are risking, however.

In addition to putting others lives in danger, you are putting yourself at a great risk as well. Those same statistics are not exclusive to the others you affect. It affects you as well. A simple text or phone call could throw you off and quickly end your life. It's just as simple as glancing at a text message. Anything around you at that moment, can harm and potentially kill you.

To conclude, using a cell phone while operating a vehicle is illegal for a reason. When someone chooses to text and drive (or call and drive), they are putting a families life at risk, as well as themselves. Even if no one is hurt or dies, there is still the car accident they have to deal with. Cost and insurance will be a nightmare for them. In general, avoid looking at text or answering phone calls while driving. It only takes a split second for an accident to occur.          