Driverless cars, this idea is an idea straight out of sci-fi, or at leas it was. Driverless cars, as perfect as they sound, I don't side with them, when it comes to these cars i don't prefer them. This being said I say this because driverless cars go against our freedom, they restirct us by controling us. Cars like this really don't give us the full luxury it should, driverless cars are just another way to control the world. All these cars are is truly a box of metal and circuits that you are stuck in until, they decide to stop.

Now, as the author states " He believes such a car would fundamentally change the world." he is quoting Sergey Brin, but clearly is not dening his support for the car. He agrees that "a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public-transport taxi system." , but we all know it will lead to more then public transportation. With the advancement in cars this is another one that could ruin society, as it will make us more dependent on these new cars to get a to and from and charge a heafty price. Not only that ,but will also lead to these cars taking over modern day manual cars and making human use a little more obselite.

Fraud! These cars are also not completely unmanned as they would need a driver when road conditions follow. I am talking holes, accident, and how will this machine cope with police and other emergency government vehicles? The driverless car is a clever sham designed to make us believe that we wont have to do anything, that this machine will make us lazy and we will depend on it. If this car were to actually make it to release it couldnt handle the irrational moment humans have.

To conclude, this car is nothing but an idea staight of of sci-fi and with its existence coming into play, only ensures problems for the human race. We as humans shouldn't have to endure an era where machines are masked as mighty when all they are is the same gps you have had for years. This car is a navigating, regulating system all fancy in a silver lining but reality is that this car is penny pench move to get people to pay for a lie in diguise. As one we can make laws to stop this nonsense from ever spreading outside of sci-fi as it cant possibly function in todays society, for we are complex beings build semi-complex machines.           