Everyday at school, I see fliers and hear announcements about my school's many clubs that are widely prevalent in my middle school environment. I always wonder why I still haven't thought about joining any of them even if I don't have interest or time to do so. However, today my principal has enforced a rule on all of the students that they must be involved in at least one extracurricular activity at is available at my school. At first, I thought that this action was nonessential and did not want this to be a part of our school lives. Although, I realized that this change could benefit me and all of my other peers because extracurricular activities would actually help students engage in their personal interests, help students make new friends with similar interests, and most importantly help students explore a new interest by joining any of the clubs that my school provides.

One reason why I agree with my principal's decision is that the clubs that the school provides can help students engage in their interests, hobbies, and goals by having its activities relate to each student's personal interests. If the student is interested in basketball or any other sport, then he or she can tryout for each of the school's sport teams engage in the activity that interests him or her the most. A debate club could allow students to freely express their ideas and opinions in a environment and community that politely agrees or disagrees with their topic. A club that does or does not involve the school's curricular activities can even inspire a student's future career choice. Clubs are a great way for my fellow students to engage in what they like and possibly for influence a student's career goals.

Another reason why my principal's decision was a good idea is because students who get involved in the school's clubs can maybe make new friends within the club. This is because students are more likely to make friends with someone with similar interests to them. Clubs and other extracurricular activities allow communities of students to work together to achieve a certain goal. For example, a school hockey team's goal is to work together to conquer other teams from the same school or different schools within the general area the school is located at. Students can share their ideas with people who can understand their thinking because of the topic of the club that they are involved in. Students can even learn new things about their interest from others who know more about their interest than them.

An additional reason why my principal's action could benefit everyone is because the school's extracurricular activities allow students to find and explore a new interest. A student could form a new hobby if they have the courage to try any new activity that is out of their comfort zone. Trying new things is important to your self-image because it will help you explore who you are and what your main goal is for the future. I really like how these clubs encourage students to try new things because not trying shows that you are not willing to have thought in how they can change to be as successful as they can be in the future when they are in charge of making their own decisions in life. A new interest could help improve your mental health because changing and exploring who you are can make you feel great about your own personal efforts to be proud of who you are.

I would personally take in part of an extracurricular activity not just because my principal want me to, but because I believe that it would be worth it to pursue in my interests later on in my life. I need to decide what I want to do knowing that I won't have my parents to make all of my decisions for me. I may be joining many different clubs throughout the year no matter if they work out for me or not because all that matter is that I am trying new things. Clubs could benefit anyone in many different ways whether if it influence their future career or if it is just a personal hobby that they want to try out in. I am grateful that these clubs are able to encourage my fellow students and I to put effort into something they love or to bring up the courage to try something completely new.