Dear Mr. Senator,

I am fed up with the electoral college. The system allows for so much disaster to occur. It isn't strict at all and it allows a varity of things to happen that wouldn't end well. The people deserve to make the decisions. Because the electoral college systems has so many holes and problems with it.

One of the best arguments against the electoral college is what we call the disaster factor. One big example of the disaster factor is the 2000 year election. In this election Al Gore had more votes than George Bush, but still lost by 5 votes because of the electoral college. In 1960, segregationists in Louisiana almost succeeded in replacing the democratic electors who oppose John F. Kennedy. If they succeeded and the popular vote went to Kennedy, it would not have actually gone to Kennedy. ("The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong" Plumer)

Second off, one of the most worrying things is if there is a tie in the electoral vote. If that happens the election vote would be given to the House of Representatives, where the state delegations vote for the president. The vice president vote is given to the senate. Each state only casts one vote which insures that 55 million voters and 500,000 have the same power. Given the size of those numbers, and that people in those states may vote one party for president and one party for congress, the House's decision could hardly reflect on the peoples choice. We have come pretty close to this happening too, in 1976 a tie would have occurred if 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 voters in Hawaii had voted differently. ("The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong" Plumer)

There is a few reasons that opposing opioninated people use to justify wanting to keep the Electoral College around. One of them is that the president has to appeal to multiple regions. A candidate can not just be a favor of the south and get elected, he has to campaign and be desirable to all the regions. This is good because a president that was popular in just one region would not be successful, because everyone else in the other regions would feel like they do not regard their interests. Unfortuanitly this is solved by popular vote, since it is by individual not by state. Other votes in other states balance them out. ("In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president" Poser)

The Electoral College has many reasons for it and against it. But I strongly feel that we should get rid of it for the reasons shown above. From the "Disaster factor" to the threat of a electoral tie. Of course other people feel differerent and have different opinions but I feel like popular vote is for the best. Thank your for taking the time to listen to my opinions.

Thank you,

PROPER_NAME   