A lot of kids nowadays do extra curricular activities, but there not for everyone. Kids shouldnt have a extra curricular activity be mandatory. Because students are usually already really busy, they wont get as much rest for the next school day, and parents would have to fit another thing into their schedules. So here is why I believe they shouldnt have a extra activity be mandatory.

For a lot of students, right when they get home, you have homework to do, chores you have to take care of, dinner time and adding another thing onto that would give them barely anytime to do anything they want to. The time they have to do those things vary from person to person, but in the end they wont have much time just to be a kid. Some clubs will vary in time, so if club A takes less time then club B but they like club B better they will either have to do something they dont like, or have less time to do something they would rather be doing. Then because of the up and coming school day tomorrow, they will have to go to bed, even if they just finally finished their homework.

After all of your homework is said and done it will probably already be really late, and a lot of kids will stay up just so they could maybe play a game with their friends for a little bit. But buy then its already pretty late, and then the next morning they have to wake up early just to get to school on time. Having a mandatory activity could make students go to bed much later then they already are going to bed at. Then there grades could drop from them being so tired in class. Getting sleep in is already a problem for many teens, but having another mandatory activity, maybe adding at least an hour to the things they have to do will make them getting to bed that much later.

It may seem like all of this just impacts the kids schedule, but somebody's got to pick them up and sometimes even take them to their activity, and in most cases its their parents. For a lot of parents they have been working all throughout the day and now have to fit in picking up their child into everything else they have to do. Now in some house holds kids do help out quite a bit, but parents still have a lot to do, like preparing dinner, cleaning, sometimes helping with their child's homework, and much more. Sometimes parents dont even get to go home before picking up their kid from their activity or taking them there. So it impacts almost everyone involved.

In conclusion, schools shouldnt have kids be forced into extra curricular activities. They can stress kids out with already having lots to do outside of school, make them more tired with less sleep, and parents having to shove an activity to pick their kids up from into a probably already hectic schedule. Kids and Parents already have a ton to do and a lot they want to do, but if schools shove more things that we have to do, then the things we have to time to do on our want list, gets shorter and shorter with the time we have. So no, please dont force kids to do an extra curricular activity that they may not even want to do.