Dear,

Rick Scott

We dont need another voting crisis over the small states, the representitives voting how they want to vote to suit their needs. Our voting system needs to be perfected, so we dont have any more tie elections of complications. The Electoral College system is very easy to get unballenced and played arround with to get the outcome that they so desire. As a country we should abolish the Electoral College system and vote baised of off popular vote.

When the whole country votes for the president, in reality we are really voting for a groop of electors to do this job for us. In artical 2" Under the electoral college system,voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president." This is saying that the people really dont directly vote for the president and in that time anything can happen to the voting data. Another clame to help that piont is artical 2 "conciter that state legislaturs are technically responcible for picking electors, and those electors could always defy the will of the people." The excerpt from article 2 is saying again that anything can happen to the data and it can be easily tampered with. In article 3 " its the electors who elect the president, not the people. When you vote for a presidential canidate you are acually voting for a stats of electors." Again this still says that we are not dirrectly voting and the people want that.

The "winner takes all" voting method is not really effective because if a little less than half of claforna votes democrat and a little more than half vote republican, should all 55 votes go to the republican canidate or should that percent go to the canidate? In article 1 "Most states have a "winner-take all" system that awards all electors to the wining presidential canidate." This system is qutie unjustice and not equal to the rest of the states expesilly for the "swing" states.

This system of electorial college is not the most balenced of the systems that our nation can come up with. In article 2 " The election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe." This so called "amazing" system has manny defaults and those defaults will cause huge problems tor the rest of the nation. In article 3 " A tie in the nation wide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes -538- is an even number." So ties in the national voting for the president can have a tie and is not that efficent in the way that we find who wins.

There are some bright sides to this style of voting. In article 1" The founding fathers established it in the Constution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election." A compromise is good for our country and it was created a long time ago - might be older than dirt. Also in article 1" The electors are generally chosen by the canidates politicle party." So atleast the people in whom the people are trusting to put their votes in is by someone that the head of the politicle party trusts.

To conclude the electoral colege system needs to be retired and the country needs to vote off of popular voting. The people need to represent them selves and not by some random person who could mess with the voting data to get who they want to win the election. Each state has to give up all of its votes to one side of the 2 parties. When their is a tie on who should be Americas next president, tell me how is the government going to handle a mass catastrophe?             