Driving can be a huge hassle. Having to spend money on gas, making sure to not go over the speed limit, and being a safe driver at all times to avoid any accident. There are many advantages to limiting car usage. Such as helping out our economy and reducing pollution, having alternative ways to get places, and not spending money on a car. In not driving you would be the one to benefit from it.

Living in a world that constantly looked beautiful and being able to breath in clean air would be a wonderful thing. We could all make this happen by not driving so often or at all. Cars let out gases that ruin our air. Excessive driving with all the fumes coming out damages our air. Not driving can make a remendous difference. In "Paris bans driving due to smog" according to Duffer in paragraph 5 he described, "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog." After banning driving, France managed to make a stunning change.

Transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants. There are many alternative ways to get places. Such as riding a bus, walking, biking, and so much more. Public transportation is nothing to be afraid of. Doing so helps our community. In the passage "In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars" according to Rosenthal in paragraph 7 he suggests, "'All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change,' said David Goldberg, and official of transportation for America, a fast-growing coalition of hundreds of groups in the United States . . . who are promoting new communities that are less dependent on cars."

Spending money on a car takes big bucks. There are an abundant amount of other alternatives than spending money on a car that damages the ozone. There are other ways to put your money into good use than spending it on a car. The amount of people wanting to do this could lead to negative implications for the car industry. In "The End of Car Culture" according to the author in paragraph 6 she implies, "Companies like Ford and Mercedes are already rebranding themselves "mobility" companies with a broader product range beyond the personal vehicle."

In conclusion, there are many advantages of limiting car usage. Help not just your community, but the world. Every little thing matters, no matter how miniscule your action is. Not driving helps reduce greenhouse gas emissions, saves a big part of your money, and you have alternative options for transportation. Think of the ways you will be helping our world.    