Driverless cars may be safer than cars completely controlled by humans, but it would be boring and would put various people out of a job. Driverless cars made by Google have, according to the information in the passge, driven more than 500,000 miles without a crash. But they still aren't completely driverless, leaving us humans to take care of complicated navigation that would make more risk of crashes. Driverless cars would take the fun of driving away from everyone who enjoys it. As well as take away a certain freedom that driving cars gives from the people who want it.

First off, some people may be bad drivers, but that does not mean that we as people are incapable of driving safe enough to not injure ourselves or others on the road. Driverless cars would illeminate the risk of crashes by people, according to the passage. But what if the car were to have a glitch in the system and the 'driverless taxis' all of a sudden needed a driver but they don't even have a wheel for a human to take control of? More crashes and companies getting sued. The risk for a car accident is not very high in general, give or take a few factors based on a persons sleep or wether or not they are under the influence of a substance. Driverless cars are still at risk for crashes, just like human-controlled cars.

Many people, like myself, have fun driving around with friends and having the freedom to do that with a car that I can control. If I were put inside a driverless car with my friends, I wouldn't be able to see how beautiful the world was outside as I was driving. I would be too distracted by my friends and the lack of responsibility to be focused to noticed what a beautiful world we live in. Also, the freedom that having a drivers license gives is just an amazing feeling that should not be taken away just by some 'technological advances.'

On the aspect of jobs, delivery men/women would be unemployed because the world would not need them to drive supplies around the country for stores or construction because we would have could that can drive themselves as well as the resources to the desired destination without hassle or a human in the front seat, or even the vehichle as a whole.

Finally, driverless cars are not needed in our world. Deaths and accidents will still happen if we develop driverless cars due to malfunctions, creativity and a sense of freedom will be taken away from us as citizens, and various people would be out of a job because they will not be needed to deliver resources to any store or company any longer.