Over the past 4 decades cell phones have evolved extremely.

Nowadays people use their phones for just about any and everything. Things such as texting, calling, playing games, booking appointments, even checking latest posts on social media and much more. Cell phones started to become a problem when people were just looking down at their phones while crossing the street. Something that could be fixed. Now, people are choosing to use their phones while driving which has become an issue and is very dangerous. Which puts not only the driver in danger put others as well.

Each day people are dying or being injured from using their cellular devices while being behind the wheel. Each year 421,000 people in the United States are injured due to a driver being distracted by their device. It's more common for teens and young adults to text and drive (ages 18-24). 14% of fatal crashes are involved from texting and driving in this age division.

In 2017 the "Hands Free Law" had been issued. Which means drivers are allowed to use hand free devices only while being behind the wheel of a car and being completely free of a device. Although people may think the hands free law has prevented less accident it hasn't it only makes people have the urge to reach for their devices even more. 11 teenagers die every day due to texting and driving. Teenagers are 400% more likely to get into an accident from texting and driving. AT&T's Teen Driver Survey found that 97% of teenagers think it's dangerous, while 43% of them engage in the activity anyway.

In conclusion I strongly disagree with texting and driving because it puts more than one person in danger. I feel as if you need to use your device while behind the wheel of a moving vehicle be mindful and pull to the side. Weather it's for making a quick call or sending a quick message even typing in a location into the GPS pull over because anything could happen in the blink of an eye.                                                                    