In life people sometimes talk to multiple people when looking for advice. I believe that for many reasons we generally ask more than one person for advice, one person may be biased, not everyone can give correct advice, and they want someone to give advice that share there believes.

The first reason is that people can be biased. Biased people could be your friend, or a parent, and they don't mean to give really advice that doesn't work, but sometimes they just do. A counselor who isn't in your daily life all the time would be less biased and could be a fabulous second option if the first advice was too biased. It is just a good habit to stay away from biased people when looking for advice because nobody needs advise coming from somebody who may just be confused about what the question was. Or they could also purposely give you bad advice so you have to make sure to check that your advice is not biased so you don't take that advice the wrong way and so something stupid or that's not like you.

Another reason is that not everyone can give correct advice. If you ask someone who fought in world war two about stuff it would probably be the wrong type of advice since they were just in a war and are not in the mindset of our current generation. Someone who is way older than you and fought in a war might not be the choice for advice in these modern days. But a kinder gardener would not be good either, because they are too young and it wouldn't be the right advice because they would be in a younger generation mindset than us. So you sometimes have to talk to multiple people so you don't get advice that doesn't work for you.

The finial reason is that sometimes people need advice from people that share there believes. One example is if a Republican asks a Democratic for advice. Or if someone has a different religion than you and you still ask them for advice. You probably will get some advice that works, but depending on if your topic is more controversial on what you need advice about you can get advice that isn't right for you. So generally you should ask someone who you share believes with. If you just let the person give you advice and you follow that advice you got people might suspect something since it might not be the way you usually act.

In conclusion I believe that people talk to multiple people for advice because, people share different believes, one individual may be biased, and not everyone can give correct advice. During life people generally need advice and when they get advice they usually don't just ask one person for the advice they need.