Cellphones can be a distraction for some kids, yet they are very useful. In my opinion, cellphones should be allowed in school. They should be allowed, but should have limits as well. Cellphones are not just bad because they could be used for emergencies. If cellphones weren't allowed in school at all and there was accident there wouldn't be a way to call for help.

Also, If cellphones were allowed in school, kids wouldn't be hiding them and using them when they are not suppose to. Teachers could teach and the students will be paying attention to them without using their phones. Also, students would actually like to come to school knowing that they could use the free time to text or call on their phone.

Having a cellphone with you can be very helpful. If there was a terrible accident at school, and there was no way to get help, a phone would be the key. With the phone you can call the police or anyone else that could help you. If somehow you were loosing a lot of blood, someone else could all using their phone to inform the family. Cellphones might be bad, but get they could help save a life!

Another reason why cellphones should be allowed in school is because students will pay attention in class. The teacher will also not have to be wasting time taking phones away from the students. The students will also want to pay attention during the class knowing they could use their phones later. The teacher will be able to get through their whole lesson, knowing the students understand what they are teaching them. If cellphones weren't allowed in school, the kids would do anything to use their phone. There would also be a lot of kids getting their phones taken away.

Finally, students should be able to use there cellphones at school because they would be motivated to actually come. They would know they could use their cellphone during free time. They would want to pay attention in class and be there on time as well. They wouldn't want to waste time knowing they could use their phone later. Also, students would understand what the teacher was teaching and ask questions of needed.

As you can see, phones being allowed in school would benefit the students and the teachers as well. The students would not be using there phones in class knowing they could use them later, phones could be used for an emergency, and there would be learning and wanting to come to school. Once again, phones could even safe a life. That's why phones should be allowed in school. It could help everyone at school abd everyone could have a great time