Generic_Name

ONLINE CLASSES ARE BETTER THAN GOIING TO SCHOOL.

Talking online classes are way easier and better then attending/going to school. Some schools offer distance leaning as an option for student to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. If students get this opportunity to take their classes online, ''I'' think it will be a good idea and they will benefit from being able to attend classes from home, Because Many students can't be at for many reasons,they can be sick or injured. Two, online classes help to students to take class at anytime they want . Three, online classes save students more time and money.

Many students can't be at school for many reasons, for example the student can be sick or injured. So the student getting the opportunity for taking or getting his/her work done on online classes will make it easier for the student, instead of students going to school when they're sick or Injured. So a sick student can stay at home and get his/her work done so they wouldn't be to spread the sickness or the disease around the school. And it can prevent people from getting sick too.

Online classes are easier because, students can take the class at anytime they want and do what every they want do after the class. For example Students get a job and make some money to pay for school fees and bills and also they can support their family with the money. And they can take the class after work or before work on online. Also online classes makes it easier for students who have jobs and the same time going/attending school.

Moreover, online classes can save students some money and time. Because driving to school everyday is a waste of gas, money and time. Students can save that money for gas and do something else with, for example they can pay bills with that money or even they can support they're family with money. In some cases the student can have family ''(kids and wife)'' and online classes can help the student to spread more time with his/her family.

In conclusion,

schools offering distance leaning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. This opportunity will help students in so many ways. Students will get more time to get they're work done on time and also save money for them self. The students can do whatever they want to after taking the class on online ( spreading time with family and having fun).

THE END.......    