As our society progresses so does the development of new innovative technologies.

In this article the author presents information about the development of driverless cars.

The article states the possiblity of it being used as a new form of public transportation which would heavily affect the lives of many people.

I believe that their development offers a safer form of transportation and the technological development that comes with them is indespensible.

The driverless car's development can lead to safer roads.

Google has had cars drive independently more than half a million miles without a crash.

Although the driverless car is not completely driverless since it ensures that one is alert and at the wheel ready to take over if things go awry.

There are many ways a driverless car could determine if someone is attentively at the wheel.

In 2013, BMW announced the development of a car with special touch sensors to make sure the driver keeps hold of it.

The car could steer, accelerate, and brake itself but was designed to notify the driver when navigating became to difficult for it.

GM has also developed it's own notification system.

The driver's seats vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object.

These new safety deveopments help ensure a higher degree of safety on the road.

The development of driverless cars also fuels the development of new technologies.

Since scientists are focused on solving the problems that arise when developing this new technology they may invent something that may someday find a new purpose.

For example in the 1980s antilock brakes were created using speed sensors and within 10 years the original sensors were improved upon and used to detect and respond to the danger of uncontrollable skids or rollovers.

These new sensors respond by applying the brakes and reducing the power from the engine.

As the problems that are solved become more complex the greater the scientific achievement will be.

In this essay I discussed why I believe the driverless car is a positive development.

I feel this way because of the new safety aspects it posseses and the technological innovation that will surely come with it's creation.

The impact it could have on society could be irreplacible.   