Schools and learning are constantly evolving to improve education and cater to the needs of all students. Some of these changes include specialized programs, new learning environments, and new methods of learning. The skills needed for the modern job market are changing as well and often involve use of new technology. One of the new methods of learning which coincides with the use of technology is online classes. Online classes can offer students to learn when they cannot attend school, offer a diverse learning platform, and a variety of classes. These, along with many other factors, are why online classes offered to students at home are beneficial.

When students cannot attend school, they often stress about the learning time they will be missing and the workload they will be left with to makeup. For example, if a student is sick for a week, especially in middle or high school, they miss crucial learning time and face making up missed class, which is a burden. When students are sick they should not be worried about what they will have to do to makeup work, and can instead do their work from home to stay caught up. With online classes available to students, they can stay on top of their assignments even when they are not physically at school. When students go on vacations they face a similar issue; makeup work. If online classes were available to students, they could learn from wherever they are with only a laptop. The online classes could also serve as means of communication between the instructor and student when a student is absent. The ability for students to keep up with their schoolwork and communicate with their teacher exemplify why online classes are beneficial to students and their education.

Many jobs now require an extensive knowledge of technology, among other skills, and many people have a lot to learn regarding the world of technology. Online classes, along with in-school learning, can offer a diverse learning platform to students. When taking an online class, students would benefit from having to learn how to use new technology and familiarize themselves with new programs. Due to the new widespread use of technology and online classes for higher education, students would be able to prepare themselves for their futures at a young age. Many colleges offer online classes for busier individuals, and many companies use video conferencing to communicate with colleagues or students all over the world. Diverse learning can help students develop new skills in these fields as well as offering an alternative to the traditional classroom experience. Typically, a class consists of teacher instruction and lectures. Not all students learn the same way and can best expand their knowledge and express their talents in different ways. Students who do not always learn well in a classroom may be able to flourish in an online class with video instruction. The mix of learning opportunities can also help keep students engaged in their education by not having the same learning experience every day of school. If students completed classes through a mix of online classes and on campus classes, they might be more attentive to each since they wouldn't be doing the same activities every day. A diverse learning platform through online classes is beneficial because they can help educate students about technology, teach them new skills, offer an alternative to classroom learning, and keep them engaged in their studies.

Most schools have students taking up to eight classes each school year, but many students would like to challenge themselves with more classes or would like to take classes the school may not offer. All students have different interests and learning capabilities that can't always be offered by schools but can be given by online classes. For instance, if a student wanted to take a foreign language, such as Swahili, most schools do not offer this course but it could easily be taught to the student through an online class. Students who are considered to be gifted may want to take higher level classes that the school doesn't have and could take the class with a online program at home so they can fulfill their interests and challenge themselves to do a difficult task. Not only can online classes provide courses that the school doesn't have, but can also provide the classes schools do have but in a different platform. If a student already has their eight classes for the year filled, they could take additional classes at home with online classes. Students who want to graduate high school early, or are simply eager to learn something different, can greatly benefit from online classes at home.

The benefits of online classes to students are numerous, but are most beneficial in that they can teach students who are absent, offer a variety of ways to learn to students, and can give students class opportunities they may not have from traditional schooling. Education has to change with the world around it and one of the best ways to adapt to the changes is reflecting what is being changed. Technology is now a part of every day life, and much of life revolves around it. Online classes and video conferencing are part of this new technology and students should have the potential to become experts of modern technology. 