Sometimes you don't need a car to go some place, you have choices like take the bus, or use your bike, but sometimes you need a car to go some place far away. I will discuss about the advantages of limiting car usage. I feel that the cars are important but we can live without the because we have others sources to transportated and don't expent to much money.

First of all, commercial and public transportation are woven through a connection of network to save time, to conserve resources, lower emissions and to improve safety. Theres a lot of accidents that people commit because a car, sometimes they are tired and don't pay attention to the road, they get distracted by something, and sometimes theres no parking lad for a car. A car is a responsability. When you have a car you can get tense because, you have to expent you money filling the tank of gas, and repair something if is broken, but sometimes you don't have the money for do that and you take the bus or the subway because is less expensive. People have their cars impounded fot their reaction to the fine, cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. Pleople sometimes said that they can't live without a car, if you get to think, they're sometime wrong because there's many public transportations.

In Adittion, if people don't have a car it would be a impact to pleople because everybody would be on the streets, and everything would be full of people, but without a car we can get to safe more the atmosphere. Sometimes we have car-free days to save the environment of our world, it's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution and the turnout was large. The day without cars is part of an improvement campaing. parks and sports centers also have bloomed thoughout the city, pitted sidewalks have beed replaced bye broas, smooth sidewalks, arush-hour restrctions have dramatically cut traffic, and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. The united states, with its broad expanses and suburban ideals, had long been one of the world's prime car culture. With all these canges, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recessin may find less reasons to resume the habit.

In Conclusion, have a car it's a responsability that people have to have, we don't need a car sometimes, but sometimes we do. I feel that the cars are importants, its fine that we get to save the environment but without a car we don't get to go to place we want to go everytime we want.    