Dear

Principal,

Cell phones in schools has been a controversial policy since cell phones became widely used by today's youth. Cell phones should be allowed in school during breaks and free time for the following reasons: students would be able to call for help during an emergency, students would be less likely to use them in class, and because there is no logical reason in not allowing them.

Imagine this scenario: an unknown and man walks into a classroom holding a firearm and says that anybody who yells will be killed. Students with out cell phones available would be unable to call for help in anyway. If the students had cell pones they would be able to quickly text there parents or another trusted person about the situation and ask them to call the police. Cell phones would greatly help averting a possible tragedy like this.

If students were allowed to use cell phones during lunch or passing periods they would be much less likely to do so in class. This is because the majority of students who use phones during class are sending short messages reminding another person of something or are sending messages to their parents telling them to pick them up because they are sick. These messages are usually not very urgent so most students would be glad to wait a few minutes until class is over if it meant they had no risk of getting in trouble.

The most important reason for allowing cell phones in school while students are at lunch or passing period is because there is no logical reason not to allow it. Students would not be able to cheat on tests if they could not use them during class. Although they could ask a student who already took the test what the questions were like they could also just as easily ask them in person.

There is absolutely no benefit to banning cell phones outside of class.

In conclusion students should be allowed to use cell phones during breaks because it could help students reach police during a tragedy, they would be less likely to use phones during class, and there is no reason that students should not be allowed to.

Although this has been a controversial topic for years, this is easily the most logical rule regarding cell phones in school and should be used immediately.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME                        