People may live far away from school so having classes that can be done online may be much easier than driving every day. Students may find it easier to work online instead in person. While some classes have a lot of information to learn an online class can make it easier to access that information. Teachers may think that the students will not learn as much because they are left alone with the work however, most students will work at there own pace, study even harder, and enjoy it. School should have online programs for the benefit of the kids, parents, and teachers.

Firstly, some students will find it easier to work online than in person. All students have different ways of learning and some may do better while online because they find it easier to memorize and may not find it as boring as a teacher. Some students may be socially awkward or have a mental disorder that lowers there social capabilities so going online would be a lot better for them then forcing them to go to school. Students may have more fun learning online and be able to spend more time with there families instead of at school. And students may have a better understanding of technology then some adults so it will be easier for them to navigate an online class.

Secondly, some classes can contain a lot of information that a students need to learn however with an online class it is all accessible for the student. Students may have a worse long term memories than other students so if a class has a lot of information than a student can forget things just like that but, with online classes everything they learned is right there in front of them. Some of the students may just not have time to study or not have to time to focus on the class but, with online classes they can access that info at any time they want. While most students would love to take online classes teachers may not feel the same.

Thirdly, teachers may say that a student would not learn as well when they are left on there own to study and do there work, but that is just not true. Students can not only get more time with there family, there family can also help them study and keep them on track. The students would be able to move at there own pace and not be rushed by a teacher. Some teachers may leave out certain students because they dont have enough time during class to help everyone but, with online classes the teacher would be able to not only see what they are struggling in they could also message the student with help at any time. While some teachers may think that technology is a waste of time and students would not be able to learn with it they just havent looked at the possibilities.

I believe that schools should add a online class program to there classes. It will help student who are not about to get to school every day. Students that may have a mental disorder that lowers there social capabilities. Teachers man even say that it wont help kids learn however, kids would be able to learn on there own, move at there own pace, and be able to get help at any time. If you want to have your school give online programs to your kids them you should send letters to the superintendent as well as your local school department. 