Have you ever thought about what the world would be without cars? You're probably telling yourself how would I get from my house to the stores. Maybe you should try walking because cars tend to cause damage to our environment. We the people should try limiting driving because if we do we won't have pollution,we wouldn't have to deal with smog,and even better protect our environment. Greenhouse gas has reduced since automobiles were limited in the suburbs.

Limiting cars could have a great impact on reducing air pollution. Countries such as China are known as one of the most polluted countries due to th amount of gas it uses. A businessman Carlos Arturo said "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,"this identifies that people actually care about pollution. Pollution can also be bad for us humans because not only does it affect our breathing but it can also led to death due to the types of chemicals that we take in. Paris is a city who has dealt with smog and took care of the situation really quickly.

Smog is a major factor why people all around the world are either limiting driving or even banning cars with in the region. An example of that would be Paris who had were near a record day setting of pure smog. The effect of this led Paris to enforce a partial driving ban to clear air of the global city. Motorist were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer the consequences by getting fined 22-euros. This difference led to a congestion which went down to about 60 percent in the capital of France. Animals have suffered the most since cars started to evolve or became more useful.

The environment in which we live in has suffered consequences as well. Organizations such as the Environmental Protection Agency are stepping in to help out within the community. They started to propmote car reducing due to the 80 percent of approprations by law have gone to highways and the rest towards other transportations.

Now you see why we should start walking instead of driving because its good for our health but the main reason is that it limits driving. It also reuces pollution as well as smog, and keeps the environment clean. Are you willing to sacrifice your driving addiction for the sake of human kind and our animals.            