2-23-11

Dear TEACHER_NAME,

It has come to my attention that you are trying to decide whether you should or shouldn't require every student to complete some sort community service.

Well, I would like to sway your position to requiring us to do so. There are just so many benefits that come from doing this.

Not only are doing these things helpful for us learning to interact with people we don't know but we also are given the chance to give back, know we are doing something good, and learn how to work together to reach a common goal.

In our everyday lives people are always helping us in so many ways, it is only fair that we try and do the same for these people and others.

It would help us appreciate what other people do for us so much more, and it would allow us to give back to the people who are always helping us and the people who are no longer capable of helping themselves.

Participating in community service also helps us create a better community and meet new people who are also interested in helping others.

If we all have to do this, then our classmates would be able to learn about each other and bond more along with meeting new people in the community.

This is vital in a community, because if people do not know each other and can't work together then clear decisions can not be made and everything will begin to degrade.

Not only does it help up with this bonding in community, but it helps us make a happier and cleaner community, because you can fix many issues through community service.

By requiring community service, you also get many people out and doing something good rather than sitting at home watching television, or committing crimes and participating in other mischievous things.

To give our school a good reputation we want involved students who do not get in trouble and have helpful things to do rather than sit at home doing nothing.

It would also get many people out of the house when maybe they have issues at home.

they will be able to meet new people who they can hang out with and instead of sitting in a bad situation they can be helping others.

As far as continuing our education, many colleges now have community service requirements based on the number of hours of service you have completed.

So, to continue on to get a full education you must have these, even the smartest student. If so many colleges provide this requirement then don't you think it's pretty important.

A college would not make this decision unless it truly was important, and if you want to have smart well rounded students in an environment working together, you should require service hours.

We need leaders in out community and leaders need to be educated, so requiring service hours will help us int he future,

Please consider my idea of requiring the service hours, because i truly believe that it is very important and an integral part of our very lives.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME      