Do you ever get tired of having to wake up so early every single morning, so you wouldnt be late for class? Being able to attend your classes from home, by taking them online or participating in class but through vidoechat will give you that option of getting up and catching the bus so you will be on time for class or to staying comfortable in your bed and still being all caught up on all the school assignments. Students should be able to catch up on any work missed or missing from any of their classes without having to stay after school or come during a free period to make up that work. So being able to do it online would encourage them to stay caught up more, especailly if that means they dont have to leave their beds or stay after school hours to complete make up work.

Firstly having the sight of knowing you can easily catch up on anything that would of been missed in class since they were not able to make it then being able to make up those things online can lift so much weight off your shoulders. Worrying about waking up early so they wouldnt be late is unnecesary because they dont have to be at the school to finish or start the assignments needed they werent there to do with the rest of the class. For example if they were to miss the bus, and couldn't get a ride to school instead of just being absent and becoming very behind in the school work they woud be able to stay home and complete any missing assigments so by the time they were to get back to that class they would be all caught up and wouldnt have to worry abut finding another time including their free time to make those things up. This helps shows how much more convient using the technalogy to help us complete assignments can become very useful if students were allowed to attend classes online if there were a reason of being absent.

My second reason why scholars should be able to participate in classes from home, is they wouldnt have to stress about attendence or being marked absent or missing the lesson which wouldnt put them behind in their assignments because there would be access to everthing one would need to stay on task and caught up on the computer. For instance missing one math class always makes you feel like you have been gone for a week so you tend to fall behind and become very confused in the lessons but if there were a way they could complete or make up everything that was missed or be able to learn the lesson that wasnt learned because of their absence like the video chat or online assignments or even a replay of the lesson then they would be able to catch up to schedule and also have a better understandment of the lesson that was missed. Therefor having these online classes as an option can be very helpful and can make being a succesful scholar not easier but more efficant and requires less of your energy, helps takes away just a little bit of the extraness highschool tends to bring especially when it comes to grades and assignments.

My third reason is being able to stay home and attend to everything needed at the touch of a finger tip comes in handy when you really dislike or dont get along with the people you're required to be around in school whether it's the students or the teachers, because not only do they not have to see any of them but they dont have to interact or even make any type of contact with anyone because they will be at home and cathcing up or maybe even ahead in all assignments that the rest of the students might be in class struggling on. Like as an example if there were a group project and one couldnt cooperate in class with the group members that same student can stay home and complete whatever part of the group assignment that they couldnt seem to complete with the partner, because some people just might work better independently. This helps convey how much easier staying up to task and completing all school assignments could or can become if there was an option of being able to catch up from home without falling behind.

Some would say that since they are not required to show up and they know for a fact attendence isnt a problem and being behind in late work is also not an issue, this can also encourage more students to not want to actually attend school. Knowing that not being present isnt going to make a difference and or effect grades gives you just another reason to stay right in bed after the alarm goes off for you to get up. For instance having the note in the back of your head that it is not a requirment to attend or even be in the building kids are most likely going to take advantage and stay home even if they arent catching up becuase just having the knowledge that they can be caught up in no time makes classes less of a priority. This explains how easy having the online classes would make it for students to skip and or be lazy with their school deadlines. But most say that being able to make up everything that has been missed can also encourage the people and students to want to be in school more so they wont have to worry about catchig up at home on the online classes, it can cause them to want to finsih eveything in class so there would be no reason for make ups.

In conculsion from a students perspective being able to complete assignments like classwork, homework, and maybe even quizes or test can benefit more than enough people, and can become not just another but a more efficant way of highschools that requires less work and effort which results in so much more less stress and gives you energy to focus on other important things others might have going on in life like jobs, and sports, and family. Kids wouldnt have to wake up so ealry every moring, they wouldnt have to stress about attendence because it wouldnt be a requirment to be there and if they dislike the enviorment they wont even have to step foot on school property and will still graduate at the same time as their class. Which helps show how much more effcant and less stressful online classes can make our education.