During the school year, classroom instructions and lessons are prepared and taught by the teachers, so why wouldn't the summer assignments that keeps kids prepared for school, be made by teachers ? Summer assignments allow students the chance to stay ahead of their classwork and curriculum while they are away from school. These assignments help kids in many ways, whether it be to prepare for the SAT, ACT, or just a little head start for an advanced placement class. Teachers know the curriculum of their classes better than some principles, so it is only right that these assignments be prepared by the teachers themselves. Teachers need to be in charge with making their summer assignments because they may have specific ways they want their incoming students to learn, they have the most experience in the subject they teach, and students may be exposed to new styles of learning that could help them far beyond just school.

Teacher-made summer assignments are great for preparing kids for the next chapter of school. With that being said, student-designed assignments would not be such a bad alternative. Students only grasp knowledge and lectures when they find interest in them. What better way on finding out how summer assignments can interest students, then to just let the students come up with the layout of the assignments themselves. Nobody can relate to students more then themselves. Some students are hands on learners while others are more visual learners, students could come up with multiple assignment designs that meets the needs of physical and visual learners. Summer assignments that are made by teachers in one way may not help a physical learner but aid the visual learner, or vice versa and that would not be fair to either student.

At all schools, teachers have a required curriculum they must teach to their students in a certain time period. Allowing the teachers to make the projects would greatly reduce the time spent in the classroom on going backwards in their curriculum to catch students up, and allow them to move forward faster. Many colleges around the world look at the scores of students SAT's and ACT's. These two test have a certain amount of curriculum that is covered through all years of learning. Unfortunately, many teachers do not have enough time to cover all the material on the two tests. Summer assignments give kids that extra needed practice and knowledge to do well on the tests.

The SAT and ACT are not the only test students have to take while they are in school. Students also must take subject specific test and quizzezs for their individual teachers. Since, teachers are responsible for making their own test for the students, they may have a specific way they want their students to study or look over the material, summer projects are no different. Teachers are human, each one of them has a different method of teaching and testing. By allowing the teacher to design their summer project, it allows for kids to be ready for the methods their teacher uses to test and lecture. Not only could the methods of learning be new to the student, but they also could prefer their teacher's new ways more than what they used in the past.

Summer Projects should be teacher made because they cover materials that students will need to use in the classroom and also show's the student kinda how the teacher likes to teach and deliver the curriculum in the classroom. Teachers go to college for 4 years just so they can teach people. They are the most qualified in helping any person succeed academically. If you are a parent, tell me honestly, would you trust your own child in coming up with their own school assignments ?             