The majority of humans own and operate cell phones on a daily basis, this doesn't mean they should be used while driving. It is a proven fact that more accidents are caused by using cell phones. In 2017 Children's Hospital of Philadelphia says that "according to National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 3,166 people were killed in 2,935 distracion-affected crashes, accounting for 9 percent of all fatal crashes in the United States."

It only takes a few seconds to look at your phone and get distracted. Within those few seconds anything could happen. In the state of Georgia the law is its illegal for drivers to have a phone in their hand or use any part of their body to support a phone. This is known as a hands free law. This still doesn't stop people from using their phones. More than 16 million users on snapchat have admitted to using the app to take photos and videos while operating a vehicle. According to traffic safety experts, engaging in any activity that takes your eyes off the road and your hands off the wheel puts both you and other motorists at risk. Is a text or snap really worth your life and everyone around you. Nothing is more important than the safety of you and those around you. Distraction only takes a few seconds. It can wait!

We all have those moments where we need to know where we are going. This doesn't mean we need to hold our phones. Car mounts are an easy way to make it hands free and allows your phone to be eye level.

Nowadays most cars have bluetooth to where you don't have to pick up your phone you can just use your voice. There are also new apps that parents can have so teenagers can't use their phones while driving. Apple also has a setting on their phones to where when you get a text it will automatically send a text saying you are driving and will respond when the car is not in any motion.

The roads will and would be safer if drivers would get car mounts or even just not look at their phones. In the end lives would be saved and less accidents would be caused. Your life is important and so is everyone else around you. It can wait!             