Some schools offer distance learning as an option for student to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. This can be very beneficial for a lot of students, maybe even teachers as well. Sitting in a classroom all day can be very hard on students. Something like taking online classes can help students feel more comfortable and free, while it also may even be able to help them learn better with one on one contact.

School is started for kids at a very young age. As years go by, students are at school most days of the year for multiple hours at a time. It can be very draining for students to sit uncomfortably and do work in school all day. This is why taking online classes can be very helpful for a lot students. A big percentage of people are most comfortable when they are at home. Student being able to be comfortable while do their school work can help them out a lot. This also gives them more freedom as far as taking a few possible breaks, going at their own pace and also having a lot more access to personal help.

One on one time is very important with specific needs of students. If help is needed, it would be a lot easier to receive it because the teacher isn't trying to help other students at the same time. Personal contact between a student and a teacher can be very beneficial on both ends. A teacher can find out exactly what the student needs help with and it can also help students learn better. Students may also possibly get a better understanding on the whole topic that they are struggling with. Once the problem is resolved, the teacher can keep working with the student on the next topic.

Some may argue that students should not be able to take online classes or have private video conferences. With a few solid points, this argument is somewhat invalid. One example on this side is distractions. Young kids and teens tend to get distracted very easily by a variety of different things. This includes phones, tablets, television, pets or even other people. The list drags on. As distractions are also an issue in classrooms, students tend to get more distracted if they have more freedom and flexibility with their work. Procrastination is also a big issue. If students have more freedom with their work, they will possibly keep putting it off until the last minute. As this also happens in school, it is easier to procrastinate when you know that the assignment is not due for a little while.

In conclusion, schools should allow online classes and video conferencing for students. Something like taking online classes can help students feel more comfortable and free while it also may even be able to help them learn better with one on one contact. Disregarding a few issues that comes along with this such as procrastination and distractions, students should still be allowed to have access to the extra help and the one on one contact with teachers. In the long run, it will most likely help quite a large number of students in having a good understanding on their school work. 