Dear State Senator,

I am agreeing in favor of keeping the Electoral College. There is no need to change to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. That is because the House of Representatiives helps elect for us, it helps us to balance our votes, and avoid problems of election. The Electoraal college helps the people out alot with the voting situation and helps us to better undrstand and know our new president.

The broader significance of the electoral College is that the House of Representatives helps us vote for our new president. In source One paragraph three it says "Your state's entitled alloment of electors equal the number of members in its Congressional delegation: one for each number in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators...."That tells me that we the people are not alone in this process of voting who will be our next president. Also in the same source but paragraph five it states "The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party." This informs me that not only the House of Representavtives is involved in the elections.  Tthe govenment is important to the Electoal College because the votes of the government count most to the College.

It is evident that the Electoral College helps us to balance our votes. As stated in Source Three "The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution..." This lets me know that we -as the people- won't have to worry to much about the voting and selection of the president. Another peice of evidence stated in the same source and paragraph "So, other things being equal, a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does..." That states that not all people and states have to worry about who the president will be. The Electoral College hepls us out alot mostly to the big states in the United States.

Above all the Electoral College avoid problems of the elections. In source Three, paragraph Twenty-two it states "The Electoral College avoids problems of the elections in whcich no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast." This lets us know that the Electoral College is doing a good job on keeping the votes clean and simple to understand. Also stated in the same source and paragraph "There is no pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a moajoity of the votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential electionn process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which ivariably producess a clear winner..." That tells me that the Electoral College is keeping the votes on point.

There are some people out there who don't agree with the Electoral College and dont like the way the votes are being put in because sometimes the president that they chose wasn't elected. They are wrong to disagree with the Electoral College because the College keeps everything going in order and in a clear path to let us know who our president will be. As stated in Source Two paragraph Ten "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for the slate of electors, who in tur elect the president. This makes them disagree because they think that the Electoral College doesn't vote for their president, but they souldn't worry because they way they vote is by how many states helped the electors to vote for that presient being chosen as the president. Also In Source Two "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning,focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states." That makes some people diagree also, but the Electoral College doesn't count how many people in each big or small state voted for president. All the college does is help the governmtent elect for the president that they most support and elect for.

I agree that the Electoral College should be kept in favor because of all the help that it gives us and the government. Also the College helps us stay balanced on the votes so that nothing gets missplaced or missunderstood. Most of all it avoids problems during the election so that the people and the government are satisfied with their votes. The Eletroal College is a great way to keep things going at a clear election of the year. The Electoral College doesn't need any changes for me because even if they chose on the elections of the government the votes of the people still count to them as well. The votes of the peopel are important to the Electoral College just as much as the government's votes are.             