Limiting car usage is a great way for our pollution to decrease. With limiting cars we also will be able to walk place to place without being tempted to drive there.

Limiting car usage will clean up the pollution by a lot. There have been "efforts in the plast two decades to make cities denser." Some places have started to do that by limiting cars, and they have decreased the ammount of pollution where they live. Paris has "enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." They only did that because days have been so close to near record pollution. They had limited the days people can drive and only after five days the congestion was down sixty percent. If there is a decrease in pollution the air would be much cleaner to breathe for everything, plants, animals and most importantly us humans.

The other good side of limiting car usage is that we can use other ways to transport and enjoy the outdoors by doing that. We can ride bikes or even walk from point A to point B. New York has started a bike program and it is skyrocketing. People can ride them to work or anywhere they want to go. People say "the trend may accelerate. There has been a large drop in the percentage of young people getting there licenses. Young adults that are nineteen and twentyone have not bothered to get a license, even though they live in a place where it can come in hand most of the time. How they can get away with doing that is that they have summer jobs not to far so it is in walking distance. Some people have a car but choose other ways to travel from place to place. "Mr, Sivak's son lives in San Francisco and has a car but takes Bay Area Rapid Transit, when he can, even though that often takes longer than driving." There is other ways then taking a car.

Using other ways to transport is a good way to start cleaning up the areas yo live in. You can clean up the pollution dramaticaly. You can also just walk to where you want to go. If it's not in walking distance you can carpool, take a bus, or ride a bike.    