You should always talkk to more than one person if you want multiple opinions based on a topic. because it can give you more Results, Conformation, and Details. All three of these are things you can get from multiple opinions because if you ask ten people about one topic you will get more Results, Details, and conformation. So these three items to use can be very helpful in a situation.

Results are a key of multiple opinions because each person has a diffrent side to one story. Going for results from a murder you have to interview people who where there or could have seen anything. And the results you get out of all of them you add it up to see which one could have been the culprit. So results are very important when it comes to many things because it can solve a problem. Multiple opinions can give you results just because you get alot of information from doing so.

Details are a key of multiple opinions because details are specific information. The details can be like information that was left behind so multiple opinions have alot in common because some will tell a lie and some wont. So you use Details which are like items, emotions, etc to tell you what might have happened. A multiple opion gives you lots of things because your asking more than one person on a topic which doing this gives you details which you have to look for while talking to people. The amount of details you can get from one opinion is insane because you get more than ten or twenty to help the topic your are doing.

Conformation is the biggest key of multiple opinions because even though details and results tell you everything you need to confirm everything before you make a descision. The conformation has to always be right because if you make the wrong descision it will cost you. Because you can ruin someones life or opportunitys based on your one wrong decision. So you want to make sure that you are one hundred percent sure on your decision before you do anything else. once you have made your decision there is no going back because you cant change what you did.

Getting multiple opinions is always a good way to start something off. Because the results tell you what happened, details tell how it happened and what caused it, and conformation means you are one hundered percent sure you know the cause, and what happened. So sticking to multiple choice is good but always be careful use these three to get what you want out of a story or what you want to use it for. but you have to use them carefully because you dont know what might happen next.