Getting the kids to do things in school like different activities and things could help them so much and also have fun with school.

Can you imagine going to school and being able to do other things besides learn? Going to school and getting to play sports during school can help with so many things in life. Going to school and playing sports like basketball, football and soccer and etc, playing those sports during school hours could be fun for the students. For the ones that love to play sports could have so much fun. Playing the sports you like can be fun but also can make you better at the things you do, it is like giving you practice outside of practicing with your team. Kids now in days need to at least do something active everyday. So therefore kids should at least be active of doing something for at least 60 minutes. So it is great to have kids participate in sports in school.

Kids working around schools with technology is also being active in a way. Yearbook is an example of being active and also doing activities. Doing a activity that involves technology can make sure kids can learn things with the things that they are working with in school. Most students prefer using technology anyways so it should also be fun. Technology has games and writing and reading and etc. Those things can help kids have fun but also learn things at the same time. Kids do need to read and write but they can also try to have fun with it if teachers added activities to it. Another thing that can help the students in school is to have at least at 3 min break but also use there technology at the time. These are examples on why students should have technology also as a activity during school.

School could in vise you to do better with things in life, or become the things that you would like to be some day. Helping around at school, could help the teachers out or help the kids become something the want to become. Working with teachers and other students is a great way of participating in school. When you are participating you are also learning new things. Participating is a good way for students to be active.

Kids should participate in things more in school. Participating in sports is a great idea during school. However, technology is an activity that student's could work on. It is also a better way to have students learn. Also the school could always have students help out with teachers and things. This is why i think it is better to have student to participate in school with sports and different activities. 