After reviewing the article, "Driverless Cars Are Coming", I have come to the conclusion that I am against these "driverless" cars. They are hazardous, expensive, and unfinished.

First of all, these driverless cars are still a work in progress, they are not prepared to go onto a real road. I am not the the only one one who believes so. There are many states where even test driving a computer controlled vehicle is illegal. The only exceptions are California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia. I meantion this later as well, but these cars still need a human driver. If this driver is unalert, then this could cause severe accidents. Also, these are computer drived, any slight malfunction could cause a disaster.

Secondly, the cost for cars like these might be too expensive for the average citizen. It might even be too expensive for the states. There were already previous attempts at a vehicle like this, yet they needed specific roads to function properly. So instead of smart cars, there would be smart roads. These could roads woulf be too expensive, since the U.S would have to change roads everywhere.

Finally, these cars are unfinished. They are only semi-autonomous, meaning they still need a human driver. The companies creating these "autonomous" vehicles are promoting the wrong idea. They still expect to have a human driver in the car that is alert and ready to take over when needed. It's truely not a "driverless" car. It is stated in the article that the driver would get bored waiting for his/her turn to take the wheel. some may not even be alert, causing an accident.

However, Dr. Werner Huber, BMV project manager driver, suggests that they just have to find a new way to interpret the driving fun. Companies suggest that insert certain in-car entertainment display, so when the driver needs to take over, it will turn of. Others are suggesting to install a seat that vibrates when the human driver needs to take control.

In conclusion, I do not believe that we should legalize autonomous vehicles. They are hazardous, most states will not even allow the test driving of these vehicles. They are are expensive, some may need specific roads that our country can't afford. Finally they are unfinished, companies are promoting the wrong idea, they are not fully autonomous; they are semi-autnomous. This means each vehicle still needs an alert human driver.