The thought of having driverless in some individuals eyes could be pretty cool. Althought while driverless cars may be cool to some, they are also very hazardous.

The average good driver vs the machine would be a much better driver.

One reason out of many as to why a human driver would be better than a machine driving, is because machines are not failproof and all machines do overheat, and sometimes worse, explode.

One example is, say you are driving along the highway and you spot a car coming head on for you, the average good driver would be able to avoid an accident vs the machine, because machines are flawed, and do not yet show their full potential.

Although machines are not failproof they can help in some ways.

They could serve as taxis like the story said, to bring you home from a late night partying.

I would like to see driverless cars in the right hands, such as the military we could send a driverless car out to see if there are any explosives or mines before we have to send our own troops through the minefield, which woudl therefor cause driverless cars to save many, many lives.

On the other hand this could also be used against us in the same way.

The Police should also get driverless cars, just incase theyre having a highspeed chase and they need to shoot somebodys tires, you wouldnt be able to do it as easy with a manual automobile vs a driverless because you would have to focus on steering and aiming, etc.

All in all, i find driverless cars to be a fantastic invention that will better us in the future as our knowledge about technology grows.

The possibilities are endless for driverless automobiles, because it goes from cars, to trains, even as far as airplanes and helecopters.

They would also help for people who have sleep dissorders and fall asleep constnantly without knowing.

Driverless cars i feel should be more advanced throughout the years and will be a new technology that could stop many many wrecks and save many lives in the end.

But for now i say we leave it to the humans to do the driving, for we have more experiance, and again a machine is just a machine and it is not failproof.

Although automatic breaking is nice, we should keep the steering as our job.