Cars are a very big part of our lives, we rely on the to get us from point A to point B. But what if we had no need for cars anymore? What if all we needed was a good source of public transportation. Cities aroud the world are doing just that, private motor transportation has a lot of cons. Smog in big global cities is building up more and more enviormental issues are becomeing big problems due to the rutine use of cars. Traffic jams and overcrowding of roads is also another big problem. There are many ways us as humans are trying to cut down on our use of private motor transportation that benefit us in so many ways.

When everyone in a big city such as Parris for example uses their own cars to go from place to place they put harmful gasses into the atmosphere. After a while of everyone driving in a big city like paris the gases and smog build up and polute the air. Parris is one of the cities trying to dramaticly cut down the use of cars and provide easy to use and affordable public transportation. Public transportation cuts down the amount of people on the road and positively impacts the enviorment and the air aroud the city.

Traffic jams and overcrowding of road ways prevents the use of cars to acheive its full potential. For every person that uses public transportation that is on less car on the roads if everyone in a city such as Bogota, Colombia where to stop all useage of privte motor vheciles the amount of traffic jams and overcrowding would decrease dramaticly. People in Bogota, Colombia are doing that very such thing every year the city bans all non public transportion vheicles and requires all residents to find their own way to comute to where they need to go this has been going on for three straight years now "It's a good opportunity to tke away stress and lower air pollution" says businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza.

We as humans are always on the move but some of the ways we get from place to place may not be beniffical to us overtime. The good thing about this is that goverments in cities and countrys around the world are finding bennifical ways to comute other than driving your own vheicle. Since 2005 the amout of people on the road in the U.S has droped significantly and continues to drop every year. Public transportation and better laid out city plans are helping this drop in the usage of cars.

Cars get us from place to place but it would be nice if one day we wouldnt have to worry about the usage of cars i our world. With all of the banifits of not continuisly driving the world would be such a better place. One day this dream for many will become the way we all learn to live. Non reliant on private transportation.    