Per the use of technology, the world has been evolving like never before. With the use of interfaces such as Skype, Facebook, and WhatsApp, the modern world is capable of communicating ideas with each other from across the globe. Another field that technology is starting to affect is the education system. Day by day, schools start to become more technologically advanced, switching chalkboards for the intelligent Promethean, and ditching notebooks for savvy and versatile laptops. Technology even allows students to take classes that would normally be taught in the classroom, online. People who are not familiar with this technology may think that online classes are not good for society, but they are wrong. Students benefit from online classes because they allow students to learn with extenuating circumstances, they allow students to have more classes as well as flexibility, and online students still get the same accomplishments as other students in the regular system.

Though they don't necessarily get the everyday experience, online students still acquire the same accomplishments while not experiencing too many differences from the regular school system. If online students were to take the mandatory classes required to graduate such as math, science, english and history, then there would be no reason for them not to graduate with the same high school diploma as everybody else. If students really wanted to, they could also take classes that interest them or apply to a more specialized career, such as the automotive or medical fields. Online students still learn the same curriculum as everybody else, with the four basic subjects. Obviously, online students are not allowed to take Advanced Placement and other college level classes online, but it is possible to graduate without taking any college level classes. Having the same diploma and credits as everyone else means that online students have the same eligibility for college or other higher level education courses as students in the regular school system. People may say that online students don't get the same experiences, but that's wrong. Online students interact with their teacher and fellow online students in exchanging ideas via live class on microphone. This exchanging of ideas and live interactions are relatively similar to those of an everyday classroom in the school system.

Online classes give more everyday flexibility to students as well, and are capable of fitting into the schedule of any kind of person. Since there is no set schedule for online classes, online students are able to choose any class they want at any time they want. This is important for students taking these classes, as their lives no longer revolve around the school schedule, but rather their online classes fit their needs. Online classes can even be helpful for students that are in the regular school system that don't have enough classes open to fit in a necessary subject in order to graduate. For example, many students take Physical Education over the summer or online as it does not seem necessary to them or they have other classes to replace it with that are more important to them. Finally, if a student were to be incredibly behind on their journey to graduating, they could take online classes so that they could catch up with their peers. This would allow the student to graduate with their friends, and complete a high school education.

Finally, online classes allow students to continue to educate themselves, even with extenuating circumstances. Online classes cost a lot less money. Since all you need for online classes are a laptop and a good mindset, without the expenses of school supplies, textbooks, and possibly fees needed to pay for an extracurricular of some sort, online classes are a viable option, especially for low income families. Speaking of low income families, if a student has to work a job in order to support his own family, online classes are able to fit right into their schedule so that they can educate themselves and support their family at the same time. If a student is suffering from a medical condition, then online classes would be a solid alternative for them. Through online classes, they would be able to learn from the comfort of their home.

Online classes benefit students because they allow for students to learn in situations beyond their control, allow for students to take more classes, and still gain the same experience, accomplishments, and education as students in the regular school system. Everybody in the world deserves a chance at learning, and technology has the power to provide education to those that think they are not able to learn. If everyone was able to learn through whatever way, it would make the world a much better place. Graduation rates would become higher, and education would become accessible to everyone. Websites such as Khan Academy, College Board, and Quizlet provide interactive learning websites for those that need that extra push towards education. Technology continues to improve the world, and it our job as the current generation to preserve the power and influence of technology for the future generations that will experience it.