Some schools of the United States are looking forward to the day that students will attend classes from home by way of online. Dispite this exciment it can be not beneficial for some students in the way of learning. Making students to attend classes online happens will change many students lives. Although some say that offering online classes by the school would be more beneficial, actually it won't be beneficial for students who wants to attend online classes offered by the school because it will require more work for students and students will have less interaction with people face to face.

Those who believe schools should offer online classes have reasons. They believe that students will have flexible schudeles during the day. It will help students to relieve strees and to work if they have a part-time job. They also think that students will become more responsable attending classes from home. Doing their work in their own will develop a self- decipline.

One of the main reasons why schools of the United States shouldn't offered students to attend classes online from their is because it requires more work from the students. For example, my friend Generic_Name. He is attending one class online from his home. He says that he doesn't have too much time to practice a hobby or do something else because he needs to do a lot of assignments for his online class. Sometimes he has to do two homeworks each day just for one class. Also his class online requires to write a lot, such as essays or read books. Essays and reading books counts as a big percent of his grade. And it doesn't include the warm-ups and classworks during the class. Requiring this ammount of work schools shouln't offered these classes online because too much work is assigned just for one class. If students want to take other classes they won't have time to do it. Like my friend Generic_Name his life has become very busy since he stated taking this online class offered by his school.

In fact, students become very wird because they have less interaction with people face to face. For instance, my counsin Generic_Name she used to be a girl that really liked to interact with people. One day her school offered her some online classes to take. She said yes. Well in a short period of time her parents starting to notice that she was becoming a very shy and wird person when time was passing and continuing taking clases online. Later, her parents found out that her online clases made her become a wird child because of the less interaction she had with people. Schools should privide students a diferent method to help students to attend their classes becuase online classes keep students from the real world and their interaction with people. Avoiding classes online will reduce the percent of students to become wird and shy and to have a better relationship with people.

In conclusion, many schools of the United States should stop offering students online classes becuase it requires a lot of work for the students. These classes just make students's life busier than what they expected. Also, students are afraid to interact with other people face to face because they spend most of time in their computers. The real world need students who like to interact with people not shy students. Students don't see benefits of attending online classes, instead it just make their life difficult in many ways.