Dear Principal,

I as a student, think you should follow Policy 1. You should choose policy one because it is a reasonable option. If you choose Policy 1, there will be no cheating because the cell phones will be allowed during lunches and free time. Students will thank you for giving them more freedom with their cell phone.

Students won't feel like they have to sneak around with their cell phones anymore. If the cell phones are turned off during class periods that would be a great idea because it would be less of a distraction to the cell phone user and their classmates around them. I think you should trust us fellow students with this generous privilege. We deserve this opportunity.

If us students are misusing this privilege, just simply take it away from us. If its just one person misusing the policy, take it away from that one student that is being disrespectful to this privilege. We shouldn't all suffer from one students actions. Its just not fair.

Policy 1 is the best choice. It is the best choice you could pick because the students that you are giving this opportunity will highly appreciate it. That is a true fact. There might be other students that don't have cell phones that don't want you to choose Policy 1 because they think it is distracting. But, how can it be distracting to them if the students that are using the cell phones are not using their cell phones during class periods? If the student doesn't want to be distracted by another students cell phone then they can simply just avoid the cell phone user.

Students need to bring their cell phones to school anyway. What if they need a ride home because they missed the bus? What if they are in some type of emergency and they need someone's help and they have no cell phone to contact anybody that they need? So if you can see, us students need our cell phones everyday. Giving us a privilege to use them at lunch and free time is a fantastic opportunity for you to know if you can trust us or not.

If you choose Policy 2, most students will be upset. They need their freedom. But if you do decide to choose Policy 2 most students including me will respect your choice.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME