1

When people ask for advice, many times they will talk to more then one person to help their decision. This can be helpful in many ways. Getting different opinions can help you make better decisions because hearing others opinions is always useful, they cause you to think differently which can make thing easier.

2

Whether you agree or disagree with an opinion it can still be useful. Different thoughts can narrow down your choice. Depending on what you think about an opinion, can make you feel stronger or less confident about a choice. Opinions are not wrong, they are just a different way of looking at things. You may disagree, but they are not incorrect so they can still be very useful. Getting more thoughts on a subject is always helpful. It causes you to think about the similarities and differences of your thoughts and can help you improve you decision. It all depends on how you use an opinion and take it in.

3

Getting multiple opinions can cause you to think differently. Getting different thoughts on a subject can make you change what you were originally thinking. Sometimes you like the other person's idea and decide to go with that one instead of what you thought. Hearing an opinion you had not thought of can open up your mind. It adds a new, and possibly better, option. It can help you to see a topic from others points of view. Seeing things from a different perspective can also help you find out how others will be affected. Thinking differently can expand your options and help you make a choice.

4

Many people think getting other thoughts is not helpful. Multiple opinions just make you over think your decision. However that is not true because it helps make your choice a lot easier by finding out what others have to say. Finding out what other people have to say is only helpful if you let it influence your choice. It depends if you take in the advice and use it to your advantage. It's makes it easier because you're not making the decision completely on you own. You have people giving you advice to help you make the best choice. Getting more opinions makes you decision easier by not having to make it all on your own.

5

Getting different opinions from others can help you make better decisions. No matter how you feel about and opinion it is still useful and can help make your decision less complicated. Thinking differently about a topic can change the whole way you see it. Making better decisions comes easily if you use different opinions then your own.