Dear Principal,

I understand that you are considering changing the school policy so that students may not participate in sports or other activities unless they have at least a grade B average. I also am aware that many students, including myself, have a C grade average. If you asked me "What is the one thing that I love doing the most?" I would say sports, sports, and more sports. Since I was very little I have been participating in all of the sports i could find the time for. Since I was little my parents have also taught me that school work comes before sports.

I do know where you are coming from when you say you would like all the students to have a grade B average. Having a grade B average is a great way to enforce discipline and to ensure that students are in fact doing their homework and studying. Please believe me when

I say that I am trying my very hardest in every subject to do the best

I can possibly do. I do my homework every night and I study for hours every day for the upcoming tests. It is not that i slack off or am lazy, it is simply that I am not understanding.

I believe that there are three types of people at our school. The people who try and understand. The people who try and do not understand. And last and in this case least, the people who do not try and therefore do not understand. I am the second type of person at this school. I am one who may try my hardest and simply nothing will click. No light bulbs. Nothing.

I would like to ask you if it would be in your power and will to organize an after school study group that could be run by the teachers in the school. This study group could be held for an hour after school. The teachers who attend could help the students individually in the areas that are mostly needed. This study group would be optional for the kids who want to learn. I personally have been trying to get a tutor, but these days tutors charge too much for too short of time. I know that this may be a lot to ask of you and the rest of the teachers, but I have no doubt in my mind that this study group may help the students with averages lower than a B and might just save the sports teams at our school.

From the deepest of my heart I would like you to take this into consideration. The study hall could serve as a place for kids to have the option of being on the sports teams, and the kids who choose not to attend probably in the first place should not have tried out for sports and are not serious and focused in that aspect of life.

Thank you for giving us the chance to state our opinion, and most of all for listening.

Sincerely,

Student