Cars are not always convienent. I've been asked to inform citizens about the advantages of limiting car usage. The main advantages of limiting car usage are decrese of pollution, less stress, and promotion of alternative transportaion.

First of all, one main advantage of limiting car usage is decrease of pollution. In the article 'Paris bans driving due to smog' by Robert Duffer he says "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." The pollution had gotten out of control, and had to be decreased. Duffer also states "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five days of intensifying smog . . ." As a result of the ban, pollution decreased. Limiting car usage can decrease pollution.

In addition, another main advantage of limiting car usage is less stress. In the passage 'Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota' by Andrew Selsky, Carlos Arturo said "It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress . . ." Also in the article 'In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars' by Elisabeth Rosenthal, a media trainer and mother of two says "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," Limiting car usage can cause less stress.

Lastly, another main advantage of limiting car usage is the oppurtunity to promote alternative transportation. Selsky continues and says "The goal is to promote alternative transportation . . ." The author goes on to say " The turnout was large, despite gray clouds that dumped occasional rain showers on Bogota" Their attempt for promotion of alternative transportation was a success, even with violators that faced a $25 fine. Limiting car usage can help the promotion of alternative transportation.

In conclusion, I was asked to inform citizens about the advantages of limiting car usages. The main advantages of limiting car usage are decrease of pollution, less stress, and promortion of alternative transportation. Limiting car usage is very beneficial.    