There are many advantages of limiting car use. The advantages are less pollution, less stress, and benenifical implications for carbon emissions and the environment. These advantages are good for the earth and they benifit us as a people.

The first advantage is less pollution. If the cars were limited then, there would not be fumes polluting our air. Cars run on gas which produces smoke from the mufler. Then when you drive around, the fumes and smoke comes out of the mufler and goes into the air. Therefore, it pollutes the air. With cars being limited, then we would have a better earth. To be specific, our nature would be better. But there are more advantages then just less pollution.

The second advantage is less stress. You see, in the first article Heidrun Walter says," When I had a car I was always tense. I'm so much happier this way." She was was happy because she sold his car and moved into a car free community. It says also in the first  article that," As a result, 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here". It says that," Vauban completed in 2006,  is an example of a growing trend in Europe, the United States and elsewhere to separate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement called " smart planning."

The third advantage is beneficial implicattions for carbon emissions and the environment. In the fourth passage, Michael Sivak says," What most intrigues me is that rates of car ownership per household started to come down two to three years before downturn. I think that means more fundamental is going on." The article says, " if the pattern persists-and many sociologists believe it will-it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emission."

The many advantages of limiting car usage: less pollution, less stress, and benenificial implications for carbon emissions and the environment. Thoughs things are the benifits of limiting car usage. it says in the article that," With all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habbit."    