When making a decision, sometimes you need to get some advice, but you might not see why that's helpful. Advice is when you take suggestions or ideas from someone about a certain decision you have to make. Whether it's from a friend or family member, advice can help in many ways. The main benefits you get from getting advice are that you see another perspective, you experience varying opinions on the subject, and you see other solutions.

Getting another perspective can be helpful when making a decision because you get to see the issue or decision through someone else's eyes. Opening your mind to new ideas and opinions can help you become a more accepting and kind person, just from this one experience. You might have one opinion your whole life, but if you experience the situation from someone else's point of view, you can see that you might have been wrong. Additionally, even if you don't change your mind because of another person's points or opinions, you still are able to accept their ideas without it bothering you that you disagree. From doing this one small thing, you can figure out how to solve your problem, and you can develop as a person, which is always a good idea, regardless of the circumstance.

You should always seek help from multiple people because it can be even more helpful than getting just one person's opinion. If you get advice from three friends, they will probably all have different answers. However, after hearing those answers, you can debate the different pros and cons of each, and, eventually, you can come to a final conclusion. Whether your solution is one of theirs or some kind of combination, you were helped by asking for multiple opinions. Also, hearing various opinions can open you up to more perspectives, which benefits you in the ways previously stated.

Seeing those other people's opinions can also lead you to see other solutions to your problem. No one has to be wrong or have the wrong opinion, so when you get the opportunity to think about other solutions, it can benefit you and maybe others. For example, if you need a new frying pan, you might think you should just go buy one from the store, but your friend could have another idea. Let's say they have two frying pans, but they only need one. If you ask for their advice, they would suggest that you should have one of theirs as they don't need or want it. Because of this, you would save money and find a solution to your problem, while also helping a friend in cleaning up their kitchen. That solution benefits both of you, showing just how helpful advice can be.

In conclusion, getting advice is always a good idea as it opens you up to new perspectives, differing opinions, and more solutions. New perspectives can open up your mind to help you not only solve your problem, but to be a better person. Also, seeing more solutions can benefit you and possibly others. And finally, getting differing opinions can help you see all sides of the argument, so you can make the right decision. From thinking about these three points, you can see that there are no downsides to asking for advice, especially from multiple people.