Have you ever asked more than one person for a solution to your problem? Were there millions of thoughts swimming through your mind about how you could solve the problem you were in, or how you got yourself into that position in the first place? It's normal, everyone has been in those types of situation before. It's a common thing for someone to ask more than one person for advice. Usually, because the person they are asking is more wiser and knowledgeable than them, or they are trying to find the best answer, or even to know the mistake they are about to make. Let me break it down for you.

First, a person might ask more than one person for advice because they want the best answer. People like to find the easy way out of things and to not think too had about something, because they can get overwhelmed. For example, a middle schooler named "Generic_Name," was just told a big secret from her friend "Generic_Name." Generic_Name wanted to hurt himself, and he had only told Generic_Name about it. He had also told her that she can't tell anyone about the secret. Generic_Name doesn't want Generic_Name to hurt himself, and she wants to tell someone. But, Chis told her to not do that. Generic_Name got hit in the face by thousands of emotions and got really worried about her friend. When Generic_Name came home from school, she told her brother about the situation, her brother said," if Generic_Name wants to hurt himself, then let him do it." Generic_Name didn't think that was a good answer. So, she went to her mother who said, "maybe you should tell his parents about it." Generic_Name didn't like that answer a whole lot either. Finally, she went to her father who said, " you need to help Generic_Name out by telling him all the good things about life and help him be happy, maybe change his mind." Out of all the answers Generic_Name got, she choose her dad's answer, because it was the best out of all of them. A person will ask others for the best answer or advise, because they think their answer is a bad one and can turn into them making a mistake.

Next, a reason why others will want to get advise from other people, is because they don't like the answer that they came up with in their head, they want to know what others think about their solution, or if they are making a bad choice. For example, a 5th grader named "Generic_Name" wants to cheat on a test that he didn't study for. He thinks its a great plan, but he wants to know what his parents will think about it. At dinner, he tells his parents about his plan on cheating on the test. His dad said, " you shouldn't do that, or you will get in a lot of trouble. Plus, you won't get a good grade. Also, you will have to take the test again." His mother nodded in agreement. The 5th grader was glad he didn't cheat off the test, because he would have made a big mistake. He is relived to have people who are wiser then him proofread his answers to his problems. Lots of people like talking about their problems to people who are more wiser and experienced then them.

Finally, someone might asked others for advice to help solve their problem, because the people they are asking might be more knowledgeable, or have better common sense then them. Most people say that your brain doesn't fully developed until your in your 20's, so asking others who are more experienced than you is a good thing. Let me give you a thought, you want to get this action figure that is super rare, and theres only 2 of that specific one you want left in the world! All the owner needs is your credit card number, house and ZIP code address, and a copy of your birth certificate. You have this weird feeling about the situation, so you call your uncle about it, who is a mastermind on these types of action figures. You call your uncle and tell him about the figure and that theres only two left in the world, but the owner of the action figure needs all this personal data from you in order to have it shipped. Your uncle says that you shouldn't go for the deal because its a scam. He also says, that no company is going to need that much information from you to buy something. After your done with the call, you felt overjoyed that you had talked to your uncle about the whole thing, because you could of gotten into a lot of trouble.

Overall, it is a good that a person likes to seek advice from others about a problem they are in, it can save them from getting in to trouble or getting in the middle of something wild. Talking to someone who is wiser than you is a fantastic option, so is looking for the best answer out of the ones you got. Even knowing the mistakes you might of made is a good thing. These options can also help you build independent skills, then you won't have to interview people for their thoughts on things. It's okay to ask people for advice, there is no reason to feel guilty. Soon, people might be asking you for advice.