Many schools require some students to complete summer projects to assume they continue with their learning during break. If something is meant for a student should not it be designed for a student? The projects are meant for students so they can continue with their learning then it should be student-designed because it would be based off the students, it would improve their skills to manage their own knowledge, and it would make them more intrigued if it was student-designed. For example, having a projects based off doing a research on someone you are interested on can motivate you do actually do the work and finish the projects. the projects teachers give out should change every year because education changes and need to be more motivated.

The reason why it should be based off the students is because it will make them feel more responsible and able to see it off their own perspective than other people. It was stated before that education changes every year so the projects teachers give out should be more interesting projects as in an investigator can be an example. Something that will get the students out of their comfort zones. Students would not chose something boring which would be reading a book, old scientist, and research things about the past, no offense. In education students should now be able to seek the types of projects they will be willing to learning about and yes, those project do include education but about the future or something that they want to learn more about. For example, some students would want to investigate more about cars, politics, education, money, computers, etc. It should be up to students to decide what more they what to learn about.

Learning how to manage their own knowledge and to improve some skills. If it were to be student-designed it would help students to learn more and actually motivate them about what they will learn in the future. Every student wants to change something in the world and can do it but not by forcing students what they do not want to learn, it would not help us in the future. Our skills should come from something we want to do. We should use what we are good at and pursue the type of carrer we want and if it were up to students to chose the carrer we want in the future it would be only fair we also get to chose the type of projects we want to do in our school.

The reason why it should be student designed and not teacher designed is because if it were to be teacher designed it would make the students not interested and make them lose their own focus in some type of way. Teacher are there to make students learn but not to control them by choosing what types of projects students will do over the summer. After all it is their summer vacation so, they should be able to see what type of project they want to do and willing to give up their time on. In Dual Enrollment and Advance Placement actually require to do a summer packet or summer project but it was up to the students to chose that course and were also informed that they would have a summer packet. But if some schools do require students who do not take those type of classes and just gives them a summer project it would be fair for students to chose their own project to do.

Indeed some school do try to give out projects but it should be up to the students what they would actually learn about and make them interest them more on that type of projects. Those projects are meant for students so they would not forget about school then it should be up to students to decide those projects over the summer. Students are willing to learn but only if they have an interest for it. As stated as before we can not force education over the summer so that is why it is meant to be student-designed projects.