In life people will come across many dilemmas, and seek help for their troubles.

Asking someone that they trust for advise is never a bad idea, but they have to be careful.

Sometimes, someone that he or she trusts will be biased, and not give the best advice.

Therefore, they need to ask different people.

If he or she asks many others for their opinion, they will have many options to take. Asking multiple people not only presents different points of view, but it will also help them explore more outcomes, and fully understand the situation.

Throughout the world, people go through many different things. As a matter of fact, more than 7.5 billion people live on this earth, and they all have their own problems. This is why people have their own point of view. If someone who has an issue with school went to ask a teacher for help, and asked a student the same question, he or she will get two different answers based on the individuals point of view. On one hand, a teacher might say something more sensible and optimistic. On the other hand, a student might say something more emotionally charged without giving a rational explanation. Each person they ask will present a different point of view, and along with that, a different outcome to the situation.

Different points of view will present many solutions.

This lets a person explore said solutions, and choose the best possible one. Having many options to take is a very important tool to have, and will help resolve the issue. Many problems can only be resolved when looking at them from a different angle, and the option to choose an outcome is the best way to do so. if someone is stuck on a math problem, they will never figure it out unless they take a break and look at the problem differently. This analogy can be translated as, if somone doesn't look at thier problems from a different standpoint, then they will never figure it out. Choosing the best outcome to any dilemma is the end goal, but it is almost impossible to do so, without full comprehension of the situation.

No matter how many people an individual asks, or how many outcomes they may find. The only true way to solve a problem is to fully understand it, and you do this by asking for advice. All of the points of views and the different outcomes all lead up to a full understanding of the problem. If someone doesn't understand the problem then how do they go about solving it? They ask for advice, and this is why doing so is important. It all ends up being one circle leading to a final solution to the problem.

All in all, asking for advice is the most important thing to do. It will help an individual with all of their problems if done correctly. Not only does it give you different points of views, and many outcomes to choose from, but it also leads to a full comprehension of the dilemma, and a solution to the problem.                      