Why would someone ask multiple people for advice? Well I'm here to tell you! Many people want more than one input or opinion on something, they don't really want to make a decision right away, or the second a conflict comes up. Wouldn't you want the best advice you can get? Well I know I would!

Whenever I ask someone for advice it's normally for school or homework, maybe even after school activities. I will always ask multiple people so I know that I'm making the right choice, or doing the best thing. You never want to do the wrong thing or make a wrong choice because it could lead you the wrong direction. When asking for advice it could be for multiple reasons honestly. I always go to one of my friends, or even my little sister, you can go to anyone that you trust, or someone you know that gives really good advice.

A lot of people always seem to need help in math, sometimes we just don't understand it, which is okay! Whenever I seem to be struggling in math (or any other subject) I always go to my dad for help since I know he use to be a math teacher! I also go to my friends in my math class to see if they aren't doing well either, my really good friend Generic_Name; (she is super smart)always help me, she gives me really good advice on taking notes and she explains things to me when I have a difficult time understanding, which is why I always go to her!

When you are ever having a bad day, or you have just not been feeling it and you need to talk it out with someone you can always talk to a trusted adult or your school consular; and of course your friends! I always go to multiple people for advice, and you should to! I like talking my problems out and I love hearing different peoples opinions on any situation. When you only hear one persons opinion you only listen to them, and you don't have different people telling you what you should do, but if you go to more than one or two people you have a better chance on making the right decision. You never want to feel like you didn't do something right, we all hate that feeling. Don't be scared to talk to people and don't be embarrassed with any problem you are having to deal with! You have so many people that you can go to for advice or help, make the right choices and do what you think is best for yourself! As my dad always says "use your gut instinct."