You can not always believe everything you hear because the story can always change. Some people make exaggerations while others are simply mistaken by their findings. This scenario occured on May 24, 2001 when there was a strange dent on Mars. This event was advertized in a Hollywood film, books, magazines, radio talk shows, and haunted grocery store checkout lines for twenty-five years. Why did the news about this event linger around for this long?

When the dent in Mars was spotted, NASA investigated to determine what could have created such a mark. In paragraph three, it states that the mark resembled a human face that contained the following features, eyes, nose, and a mouth. It also states that the authors of NASA discussed that this finding would be a great way to lure the public into wanting to know more about Mars. If NASA could get the public interested enough, then the station would recieve an abundant amout of attention. This could make the station wealthy so that their budget would thrive and they could avoid any financial issues.

NASA gathered information by capturing photos of the face-like inprint on Mars. In paragraph seven, the article states that on April 5, 1998 the Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, and their team captured a picture ten times more accurate photo than the Vikings. Keep in mind that the sharp photos were taken in 1998; and that the Viking photo from 2001, in the top section of the article, is less detailed than the one taken in 1998. Technology, such as cameras, continues to improve the quality of pictures, not decrease the quality.

NASA not only does their research based on facts and history, but they also base it off of land forms. In paragraph twelve, it states that the picture taken actually shows a landfrom that is common around the American West. If NASA stopped drawing the public in by giving this information, then others would lose interest and NASA would then struggle to thrive and suceed. They could loose money, supporters, and others who make their station function. Why would a company want to put themselves in danger, especially NASA where many bright individuals that can help the future?

The article provides statements and facts in paragragh three, five, seven, and twelve to abolish the theory that there was ever a dent in Mars that could be an aliens face. Also, provided for you at the top of this article you can examine the photos that have been taken. Do not forget that you can not always believe everything that you hear or see, there is always the possibility of an error. This information proves to the public that there was no face on Mars. 