When someone thinks of school, they think of a building they come to every weekday for 8 hours a day to do rigorous learning with a break in the summer. Nowadays, some schools are offering distance learning which is a program designed to allow students to stay in the comfort of their own homes and attend school via video conferencing on their computers. This way, students are not required to come to a school building and can stay home and relax, while still getting their education. Students would be able to benefit from distance learning because they are given more space for growth, attendance is no longer an issue and it gives less stress and more breaks to the students.

Students would be able to benefit from distance learning because they are given more space for growth. As students, we are pressured to make sure we memorize the material for these classes we are required to take to graduate. It constricts people to only what the school wants us them to know and makes it harder for students to explore themselves and grow and learn things they wish to learn. With distance learning, students can still make time to do the things they enjoy and give them space to learn. For me, I want to go into a field that requires art experience. I try to practice different art mediums in my free time to get more experience to help me in college, but sometimes school can get in the way. With distance learning, students such as myself could still get their education but still help themselves grow for careers they wish to go into after high school. Another thing that comes with not having to attend a school building is that attendance is no longer an issue.

Students would be able to benefit from distance learning because attendance can no longer be as big of an issue. At schools, students sometimes get sick, have family emergencies, take vacations, skip school, etc. With distance learning, it eliminates a lot of that. You can be wherever you are (as long as you have connection to the internet) and still be able to get your learning in for the day. This would eliminate make up work, tests, projects, etc. Everything could be done on the go and nobody would have to worry about missing anything. Students and teachers alike would no longer have the stress of worrying about if somebody's missing or somebody was not able to do their work for whatever the reason may be. Another thing that student's work not have to worry about is the stress and lack of breaks that come with school.

Students would be able to benefit from distance learning because it gives students less stress and more breaks throughout the day. At school, students tend to get stressed from the workload they are given and seem to only have one break, and that's during lunch. For an 8 hour schedule, students should be given more breaks and distance learning can give students that break. With distance learning, students can get up out of their desks, use the bathroom whenever they want, get something to eat, relax a bit, etc. They are no longer constricted to their desk as they would be at a school. Personally, I often feel as if I can't leave the classroom at school during certain lessons so I don't take break. With other people feeling the same way, they wouldn't have to feel that way because they would be in the comfort of their own homes. Some could debate that students would take advantage of this freedom and while that may be true at certain points, you can't expect every student to.

In conclusion, they is a lot to benefit from with this new program schools are trying to implant into their normal system. With this new program, we could modernize the way education is today instead of having the same system we've had for 100+ years. Students everywhere could become smarter individuals without the stress of an early morning classroom 5 days a week. It could be the start of a new generation and change the way we think when we think of school and change the world for the better. We can start to make smarter individuals for a smarter, better world. 