With more and more schools offering home schooling, students are losing some of the very most valuable things they will need to learn for the rest of their lives. Some schools are now offering long distance learning as an option for students; These schools do this threw online classes and video conferencing. Students would overall not benefit from doing long distance learning because students would be more distracted and they would not learn how to work well with others.

Those is favor of this would argue that some students feel more comfortable at home and therefore would preform better. As an example the would say students with social anxiety will lean more effectively, because they are in setting in which they prefer. This matters because this gives students with problems that they can not control another option.

While an option for homeschooling can help certain students, that does not mean that there are not many things the schools can do to help those specific students. For example, Schools could talk to their staff on how is the best way to teach students with certain setbacks. The first reason that long distance learning will overall be worse is because the majority students will be distracted at home. An example of this is anyone with ADHD, if an impulsive person has trouble focusing in a setting that is frankly boring like school they probably would not focus will at home. Although the majority of students do not have ADHD, the majority Students would still be distracted because they will lose a sense of when it is time to work and when it is time to play. An example of this is any student that has problems just doing homework because they do not understand that it is time to work even though they are home. It is hard for students to choose work over the things they like, so why have students make that choice 5 times a week. This matters because being constantly distracted can hurt a students work ethic and a diminished work ethic will not get you anywhere in life. Also when students are distracted they will not preform as well when the test rolls by.

The next reason is to why long distance learning is overall less effective is because students would not learn how to work well with others. An example of this when a student works online they are not doing assignments with groups for the most part their work is individually done. School does a much better job at this, an example would be the Science fair the Science fair forces students to work together, think of ideas, and gather materials. All this matters because in the real world people are forced to work together in their jobs. working in groups can teach students how to be liked by others and be pleasant to work with. If you do not work well with others in today's world it is hard to sustain a job or keep clients.

Long distance schooling should still be available for specific students because it can benefit certain individuals really well but for the majority of students they should stick to old fashion school. While there are many benefits to long distance schooling, the old schools way of teaching is the most effective for teaching students the proper life skills they need to be in today's labor force. In the best of both worlds we can unlock every students full potential.                                                                                         