Dear TEACHER_NAME,

When the phone industry began in the late 80's only a small percent of people used them. Now when you look at 2011 almost everyone in the U.S. has one. Cell phones are a great use of technology. Most phones today get WiFi any where. So cell phones are helpful just incase if your are lost or in trouble. They can also be large distraction. Texting someone is much harder then calling someone. It is now a law to not use your phone for texting while driving. Texting can be useful but most of them time it's just for fun.

Teachers mostly think that cell phones are pointless and useless. They're not. we use them for may things. Such as, in high school or college and your car breaks down, you have your phone to call an get help. As I stated before they can be helpful. So i believe that policy one would best fit our school.

Why do I think policy one is the best fit? I think it is because cell phones can also save us when were in trouble or in an a emergency. What if a teacher steps out of the class room for a minute and a student faints? Yes i know there is a phone on the teachers desk but what happens if it's not working because it has to be hooked up to a cord in the wall. Well, if we weren't allowed to have our cell phones we couldn't call for help, but if we did have our cell phones we could easily dial 911.

Policy one would also be good because students should have some free time on there hands to socialize. In high school most people go out for lunch or eat in the gym or outside. If you have your phone you could easily contact your friends to see where you want to meet up. We do get why teachers and principals don't want us to use phones. So we don't get distracted. I think by high school most kids will be mature enough to understand that phones should not be a distraction during class.

The reason I think policy two is not a good policy is because phones are useful. They are used for emergencies, socializing in a good way and many, many more reasons. Policy two does make sense to teachers because it wont, "distract students from their work". Like I said before, by high school most students are mature enough to focus on their work instead of their phone, but still we should get some free time with it. Teachers and principals also think that we can use our phones to get answers on home work and class work, but to tell you the truth we don't to that. All of those online answer websites are scams and we are smart enough not to use them. Phones are useful and they can help us a lot so I believe that policy one will be best for our school and high school.

Thank you,

STUDENT_NAME