Driverless cars will be a bad idea in many ways. They could maunfuciton and create a crash or maybe even death. The car can also watch you, People prefer to have some privacy instead of being monitored 24hrs a day. You have too be on alert everytime you get in the driverless cars. Its like driving people buy it too not drive. Driverless cars are not yet ready to function and Im guessing they will never be.

Diverless cars will casue to much problems. You never know when something can go wrong. The article states that the car notifys the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, the driver could be sleeping and not hear it and maybe cause a crash. If the car is diverless then the car needs no human skill to function it in tough situations. The car can also cause traffic jams if the car breaks it will automatically shut off since its broken. The car can only handle 25 mph so that means no freeways or public roads. also if your in a hurry how are you going to get there in time.

The car will be to expensive, If the brakes dont work your going to have to reapir them right away. If the sterring decides not work properly will the car is operating things can go down hill. A bmw part can cuase up to a million dollars imagine repairng the driverless car proberly like 20 million. They say the want to make driverless cars a taxi how much will it cost to get a ride and who will be responsible if the car crashes will your in it.

Imagine buying a driverless car and you dont even drive it and get in an accident and you are responsible for the damage. From my point of view it has to be the companies since the owner is not tecnically driving. I would be pretty mad if i had to pay for the damage,the car is driving itself and the companies program it to do that. Imagine how much the car will cost and the insurace,alot of money.

Driverless cars is not a good idea in our world becuase its not safe. The car can only go 25 mph and you need to stay alerted 24/7, I rather drive than let a car drive for me. People will feel safer if a human operates it than a machine. Driverless cars can cause accidents,traffic jams and even death. The driverless car doesnt know how to hands tough situations like roadblocks, tough traffic if you get pulled over will the vehical even pull over. If the car crashed I am pretty sure the company will have nothing to do with it since you bought it. The car can get in an acciedent and you didnt even drive but you still have to pay, I would be mad. Our society is not ready for this yet and hopefully they dont waste there money on something that can lead to bad things.