Distance learning, which is school from your home, is an option some students have today. I believe students will not benefit from being able to attend classes from home. When you're some place comfortable, you tend to put things aside for "later". Personal issues and family issues may be an impact to your learning. Not all students are fortunate enough to be available to internet access or access to technology as in computers or laptops. Procrastination, distractions, and no access to internet are reasons to why distance learning is not beneficial.

Distance learning brings alot of procastination. Procastination is something that every human being will do. We tend to put things aside, and sometimes never finish. When we get comfortable, we forget. Students who work, procastinate the most. For example, I usually work until 11pm, so when I am backed up on a lot of homework, in all honesty, I choose to stay home. I end up sleeping in, never finishing the work I told myself I'd do. Clearly, When you're put to be at home to learn, you continuously tell yourself that you will eventually do it, you end up either turning it in late, rushing the assignments that lead to bad grades, or not turning in anything at all. When you're physically at school, you recieve support and encouragement from teachers, which in most cases eliminates procrastination. Procrastination will impact your learning when doing online classes.

Distractions is a huge problem students will face when trying to complete online classes. Everyday isn't a good day. Sometimes you have personal issues and emotional feelings that will distract you from finishing your assignments. On the other hand, when you're at school you tend to hold off on personal issues until you get home. Some students who do online courses have different times of completing daily assignments and some choose evenings to work mornings. Therefore, in the evenings, students will face family distractions. Evenings is the time families start arriving from work or school. For example, my sister used to do online classes to be able to graduate on time, she would go to work early in the mornings, and complete online tasks in the evenings. We have a lot of younger siblings who make alot of noise, which was a huge distraction to her. She would put aside the work until 8pm to be able to complete her assignments in peace. The result in leaving her assignments until late, caused her exhaustion in trying to keep up with her job and school work. Online classes is not benficial for those with families, which is majority of the people.

Interent access and availability of technology is something not every student is fortunate enough to have. In order to complete, they would have to use a type of transportation to go to a public library, in which, not all students have. Nowadays, you would expect everybody to have some sort of technology because of the type of society we live in. Last year, around spring time, I met a very sweet kid who was bullied for not having a phone or a tv in his house. He proceeded with a story of abuse from his father and how his father denied him anything with technology. He lived five houses down the street and I offered him to come sit in my house if he needed to complete any assignments. He then told me his father didn't let him out the house. Clearly, not every single person is available to internet and technology. Sometimes you might have a laptop and some wifi, but when times get rough and your family can't pay for wifi anymore, you won't be able to complete your assignments, causing you to fail. It's a risk you should not take. On the other hand, if you're at school you're not denied the use of school wifi or technology.

To sum up, school from home, also called distance learning, is a choice students have in some schools. Distance learning will not benefit students who attend classes at home. Students will face daily challenges in order to finish online classes. There is less good benefts than bad benefits when it comes to distance learning. Students will most likely get too comfortable and put aside work, making them procrastinate, deal with personal and emotional issues causing distractions, lastly, the challenges of having available internet access and an available electric device.