Schools should let their students design what summer project they want to do. Summer projects should be designed by students because they can show how creative they are and it should be on what they want it to be based off.

To begin, students should have the ability to show their creativity. For example, it was heading towards the end of my freshman year, and my teacher informed us that we were going to have a project over the summer. She then stated that it must be full with creativity in your own way. I decided I wanted to make a project that defines my life. I want it to have meaning, sense of humor, and of course creativity. It was then Saturday May 18,1991 I woke up from rest and with no hesitation I started my project. My life was a roller coaster just heading all the way up to success but only to go down with nothing else left. It wasn't a wish where everything I desired would come to existence. It was just another day with demons that couldn't be faced, with tears full of depression, hope no where to be found, and just the sound of loneliness. I was a little boy, named Generic_Name, who had only himself to look up to. My parents were both killed by gunshots to the chest left on the sidewalk to just bleed out cries. I was left with my uncle at the age of 14 now in college at 22. I still to this day which I could go back in time just to let my parents know how much I love them. This proves, that all stories can be unique in the saddest ways.

Next, students should have the power to create a summer project they desire. For instance, my friend, Generic_Name, did a whole project on her favorite subject science. She created numerous experiments in the summer involving animals and chemicals. I remember seeing her in my house designing a robot in my living room who could be charged up by chemicals. Generic_Name was always a scientist with a ginormous brain that had all the answers. This shows, you can use what you love and turn it into a piece of art.

Some people think teachers should be the ones to design student projects. However, they are wrong because students deserve to have freedom of choice. In Kindergarten, we use to do projects of our choice and compete with another classmate to see who had the best project. I made a 3D paper plane that flew for a total of 45 seconds. My classmate, Generic_Name, made a rose using napkins. Next, my class had to vote between me and Generic_Name and I won by 3 votes.

In conclusion, summer projects should be made by students because they can show creativity and have the ability to choose what they desire. If you are ever in this situation always remember to go with what you know.