Extracurricular activities can be fun, but not particularly when students are being forced to participate. Making students participate in something more than school can be very stressful. A lot of students enjoy playing sports or being in a yearbook club, but when everyone is forced to participate in something it loses that fun element. Some reasons why making students participate in extracurricular activities are, they could be doing other sports, they could have homework to do, or they can't fit it in their busy schedule.

Students may be filling their time with playing sports, and not have enough time to get participate in another activity.

A lot of students play sports, for their school or a rec team, and having more to pile onto their schedule is stressful. Sports are hard enough as it is, and to add to that also still having to participate in an extra activity can mess up your flow. Having to balance not only one extra thing outside of school, but two, can be very stressful. Too much stress can cause you to possibly mess up on your team, and get kicked off that team.

Stressing doesn't help you, it does the exact opposite. Stressing about that after school activity you have to participate in doesn't help you when you get home and have to do homework. Homework is already hard enough not being able to focus, but with this new activity you have to do, it'll be harder. Having harder homework due to stress can cause you to get bad grades, and could lead to you failing that class. Most likely when you get home from practice, or another activity, you're tired and don't feel like sitting down and doing homework. But not doing your homework, can cause you to fail that class, which possibly means you get kicked off the sports team, and having to do better in school.

Some children don't do any extra activities because their schedule is busy and they can't fit it in. Some students don't have any activity that interests them, and others just like to stay focused on schoolwork. The students who already do something extra, might not be able to do anything else. Nowadays kids want to have good grades, so they can go to their dream school. Already doing something and then having to do another activity on top of homework, won't help you get into your dream school.

In conclusion, I think that for the students sake, there shouldn't be a rule implying that you have to do any extracurricular activities, if they want the students grades to be high. Having to deal with the stress levels is going to cause the students overall grades to be low. Either having to already deal with sports, homework, or not having enough time in your day to do anything else, I think that the students should have a choice if they want to do anything else. I think letting the students have a choice would be wise because then if they mess up their grades it's not the schools fault. 