Texting/Drive

Should you text and drive, no you shouldn't. Texting and driving is a bad thing it can cause accidents and people might die including yourself. Over 2.5 million people in the U.S. are involved in road accidents each year. Of these, 1.6 million have a cell phone involved in them. That's the majority of all road accidents in the United States. Over half the road accidents in the States have cell phones involved, and if this doesn't make you realize just how potent it is, what will. Texting and driving should not be allowed because a lot of innocent people each year die because someone wants to be on there phone.

In most states, texting while driving is considered a primary-enforcement violation, which means officers can issue citations any time they observe drivers texting and driving. Others have secondary enforcement, meaning officers can issue citations only if they've stopped drivers for some other offense. People can be charged for texting and driving such as Monetary fines these can range from as low as $20 up to $500 depending on the state. You also have Criminal charges, in some states texting while driving can result in criminal misdemeanor charges Class B or C. Class B misdemeanors are punished between 90-180 days in county jail. Class C misdemeanors receive the least amount of time, usually 30 days or less.

Cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving. Over 2.5 million people in the U.S. are involved in road accidents each year. There are more accidents in texting and driving than all the road accidents in the U.S. each year, that's a major problem.

I believe the penalty should stay the same time in jail and the fines that you'll receive. Monetary fines these can range from as low as $20 up to $500 depending on the state. Time in jail, between 90-180 days in county jail. But the major part of it is if you kill another individual person in the process, which I think you should be given major charges. Fines should be over $500 up to the $10,000 range. And time in jail should be 20 years maybe more depending on how many people you killed.

The conclusion to this is that Texting and driving is a major problem and we need to find ways to stop it. It's only going to get worse, because of the new technology that will be coming in the future. Even though people have habits for checking their phone they should just turn it off and focus on the road. That in all should stop the accidents in a hole, but sometimes people have import things they need to do I understand, but try to find ways to stop. You might be even saving your own life.

2            