My grandpa once said to me that school is a way to broaden one's horizon; it's not just a way to learn and get through the school years. Throughout one's schooling one is exposed to many different topics, this effects what they choose as a career and or the path they take later on in life. Certain topics sparks one's interest when in school, this may lead to one becoming more involved. The students know what interest them and what doesn't; therefor,

the students should be able to choose their summer projects. When the students chooses their summer projects they are able to choose a topic they are actually interested in, they are able to choose a new topic that they have never heard of so that they may actually learn something new, and the teachers themselves are able to learn new things with all the different subjects the student choose for their summer projects.

When a student is able to choose a subject they are actually interested in they are able to be more creative and hands on. This creativity gives the students the opportunity to put a little bit of themselves making the project more relate able. As the project becomes more relate able the student is able to give more examples about the topic and how it relates to themselves ,and or the real world. Along with this the students are able to put in more effort to his or her project because the interest they have in the topic; fo rexample, If a student who loves history were to do this project she'd more than likely pick a topic that has to do with history like the cold war and gladly do the summer project, but if she were given a topic by the teacher that had to do with science she would not have as much interest in the topic and would be less motivated to complete the summer project. If a teacher were to assign a topic to the students it is likely that the students would either not complete the summer project or complete it to the bare minimum. This is because the students do not have any interest in that topic; therefor, they would not put in as much time and effort into the summer project. It is much easier for the student to complete an assignment that they enjoy learning about because they do not mind spending more time on the topic and or learning more about the topic. Some students may choose a subject they have never learned about, this could beneficial to the student.

If students were given the opportunity to choose their own topic they may choose a topic they know nothing about; for example, A girl who lives Idaho would normally not do a project on the beach because there is no beach around her, but because she was given the opportunity to choose her own topic ,so she decided to research a topic that she new little to nothing about. A student might do this because the topic sparks their interest. When a topic sparks a student interest they are more likely to complete the summer project and get a better grade because the time and effort they put into the summer project. The purpose of the summer projects was for the student to continue learning during the summer ,choosing a topic that one know nothing about does just that. As the student does research on the topic they come into contact with many facts that they did not know therefor they are learning. Along with this the student may become more and more interested with the topic, which leads to more time and effort being put into the project. The student completing the project would also have many topics to choose from. This gives the student a big opportunity to become open minded and research a topic that they have never really considered.

Many beneficial things can come from the student having the freedom to choose their own topic for their summer projects. When students are given just the smallest bit of freedom on their assignments they can accomplish many things. The summer project is an example of this, the students can bring out their creativity and show the greatness they can produce when given this opportunity. Students should choose the topic for their summer assignment because they would be able to do it on something that actually interest them, the students would be able to choose a new subject that they know nothing about so that they may actually learn something new, and the teachers may learn a thing or two from the various topics that the students choose for their summer projects. This is a very big opportunity for the students, perhaps they will provide a great summer project if the opportunity were given to them.