Many people have cars its there way of transportation however there are places where there is no need for a car, and not having a car has its advantages.

In source 1: in German suburb, life goes on without cars says that "vauban streets are completly car free." the reason for this is that there streets are filled with bicycles and the wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. In the United States the Enviromental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communities. the reasoning of this is because there is less space for parking. The United States are promoting new communities that are less dependant on cars. there saying private owned cars by the burgeoning middle class are chocking cities. :80 percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only 20 percent to other transport.

Source 2: Paris bans driving due to smogs says that driving is poluting the air because of the feums and littering. The people who did not follow the order of leaving there cars at home "suffer a 22 euro fine because there banning the cars to clean up their citie streets from all the pollition. Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of france from banning the cars. the pollution on diesel fuel was bad and there ar 67 percont of diesel vehicles in france.

Source 3: car free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota. Transportation for them was they biked,skated or took buses to work during a car free day leaving the streets of his capitol city eerily devoid of traffic jams this has been the third year that cars have been banned for that day. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. when you did not do as they said and violated it would be a 25 dollar fine. when it rained it still didnt stop the people of bogota from participating in what they where trying to acomplish " its a good opportuninty to take away stress and lower air pollution" said businessman carlos. from banning cars and stuff for proventing smog parks and sports centers also have bloomed thoughout the cities. reducing car use has hepled with pollution and has brought many opportuinuties aroud your comunity.

Source 4: the end of car culture president Obama ambitious goals are to curb thr United states greenhouse gas amissions was unveiled last week. over the years that go by many Americans have been buying fewer cars ,driving less and getting fewer license. with less car use there are being a culture shift. the less use of cars provent car crashes people dieing and smog and more public areas beacuse there is more space.

Reducing use of cars has alot to offer and its is good for the community. it really comes down to how your feel about the situation accuring.    