Drive or Driverless

Driverless cars are just what the name states, cars without a need to have a driver present. This could be a big part of our futures but whether it will help our future drivers or hurt them is the main importance. Personallly I do not think that driverless cars are going to do more harm than good to our furture drivers.

Today to get your drivers lisence you have to hold a permit for one-hundred eighty days and have to pass a writen test followed by a driving portion of the test with an instructor. These conditions you have to follow to be able to drive a normal car are intense because you are being put onto a road that could potientionally harm another humans life or your own life. The precautions you have to take are endless while driving and the risk you are putting yourself in is immense.

Having driverless cars where you still have to be in control part of the time just causes an even bigger distraction especially for younger, newer drivers. You could be talking and suddenly have to stop manually and not have enough time to make it there, because you were distracted by something else.

Another reason that driverless cars have a negative effect on the future is the economy. To make a normal car cost a lot of money but to make a driverless car would cost twice that or more because of the type of technology you would need to use to make them run proporley.

Having normal cars puts your life into harms way and teens are bad enough when it comes to staying focused, being attentive,and staying cautious with normal cars. By putting teens behind the wheel of cars that uses a computer, or a controling device to run it, is teaching them nothing but pure laziness, not to focus your one hundred percent attention, and to stay alert when it comes to driving.

Driving is a very serious matter that people already abuse laws and regulations for. To give people another excuse to why the accident happened or to why they wrecked into a pole should not come from our local car dealerships and manufacturers. We together as a community need to stop the driving problems directly and not give people more advanced technology, just so they have another excuse as to why an accident occured.   