Advantages of limiting car usuage? Is that even possible? Yes, there are many advantages of limiting your car usage, one of them being the money you'll be saving, another being less pollution. A lot of people don't care that they're wasting money on their cars or polluting the world, But what if we all gave up our cars and went eco friendly? Could you imagine how much money you'd save.

As said by Heidrun Walter in source one, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Loosing their cars isn't a big deal to them, it relives them of stress and money. To park in a large garage was $40,000 along with buying your house. Then there's gas prices and maintence, cars can be expensive. Paris had pollution and to clear the air, they enforced a partial driving ban. Drivers with even-numbered license plates were fined or told to leave their cars at home. It was only $31 in our currency, but it was 22-euros. Then the next day, being a Tuesday, the same ban to even-numnered license plates applied to the odd-numbered license plates. According to "Reuters" in source two, "Almost 4,000 drivers were fined. This ban on the odd-numbered license plates didn't go through due to the smog clearing enough.

I know it sounds crazy, giving up your car, that's your freedom, your transportation to get from point A to point B. In Bogota, they have a car-free day. Only busses and taxis are allowed to be driving. It sounds completely out of the ordinary for us Americans to even think of not having our cars. Souce three says "The goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog." Anyone who violates or doesn't coroperate is fined $25. As said in the article, the turn out for their car-free day was large. Maybe we should try it sometime.

Source four says that recent studdies suggest that Americans are buying less cars, they're getting fewer licenses as the years go by. Researchers wonder, "has America passed peak driving?" Why is that? The United States has been the car culture. As said in the article, "it is the birthplace of Model T; the home of Detriot; the place where Wilson Pickett immortalized "mustang sally" which is also a cool song. How is it that we are buying less cars and not getting our licenses? My theroy, car crashes. Unrealted to pollution or money, but I think everyone has that fear in their head about car crashes killing them or taking the life of their teenager, so they stop driving. In reference to me, my mother won't allow me to drive untill I am 18 years old, the legal age to drive is 16. You can get your permit when you're 15 years old, only being allowed to drive with a driver over the age of 21. What's stopping everyone?

Driving is every where. How do you get to work? you drive. Grocerey store? The mall? you drive. There is more options though, you don't have to drive. You can brike, or walk or ride the bus. It saves you money. Pollution is a world wide thing, so is driving but with everyone working together and these "car-free days" we could end pollution. Giving up your car is the first step.    