why should i take your advice when you won't take mine. When people ask for advice some time's it better, they ask more than one person as suppose to one person. my question is why is it better to have more than one advice from other as suppose to one person. My first advice is asking advice from people isn't bad because you can ask the people close to you they. second you can whether or not you want there help because it's your choice. My last advice is that you can ask as many people as you want. when asking for an advice make sure you get both side of the argument,

When asking for an advice from people you want to ask you'r self know it's not bad but as long as you ,can you trust them or not. Be careful making that decision because some people could be jelouse of you. They might have wanted to have the same role in the play that you got. Your stuck on whether to join the play or stay with you family and help them out. they might take advantage of you'r distress ,and offer you advice that could stress you out more. They might say that if you go join the play how will your family feel. How would it feel of they left you think about that .they could also say how will they get by if your not around what will you do ,and start to make you have negative thoughts about your self ,and more they would have put more pressure on they decision your about to make . But as to when you ask some one you trust ,and you know that even if they wanted the same role as you they would give you they best advice. They could tell you that if you go you can make more money and help out more as to if you were here they would spend more money on you because they town doesn't have high paying jobs. they might tell you not to go and say that if you went and didn't make it big and came back home will you be able to help them ,or what if you went to a dangerous place and you got harmed your family would be in more dept because ,they will have to pay for your hospital bills. with there advice you could be able to make you'r decision

My second advice is whether you want there help or not. The reason why am saying this is because if you want there help but you think you can make the decision your self when it can impact you. What i am about to tell you is from my experience, when i was picking my courses for middle school course I was debating whether I should ask my family for help. I decided not to and it cost me because when i was picking my classes i picked all A.A.P's thinking I knew what I could do . on the first day of class the teacher gave us a quiz on pythageron theorem ,and I thought that it was easy ,but i kept answering trying to solve the question i couldn't solve it I was freaked I didn't know what to do so i guessed and turned it in. When I got the test back i got 75% instead of dropping out the class, I kept on staying in the class after a while of failing my family told me to drop out ,but i didn't and i failed the class.

My third advice is ask as many people as you want, as my grand farther used to say ask as may people you need to ask before it final. what am trying to say is that is you are unsure of your self or other's you can ask as many people as you need and figure out what you want to do. When i was in 5th grade, and wanted advice i would ask five people, but i was all ways unsure. So i would ask more people for their views ,and idea's because i asked them i was more sure of what i wanted to do. So what ever you do maybe ask for help many people have different views just make sure when you ask people you know you asked as many people as you want when asking for an advice make sure you get both side of the argument, because just cause you like on side because you have all of your favorite people on it doesn't mean you have to look there way. when asking people for their advice you have to make sure you can reason with them ,and the and see things from their prospective. always look both ways because you can always miss some thing because when i was a 3 grade I would always let my ball roll down hill in our back yard.

one day it rolled onto the road i ran to get it ,and if I hadn't looked left and right I would have die because a car was coming a top speed.

in conclusion what am trying to say is by this is when asking for advice you should talk to more than one person,after all 2 heads are better than one because al am saying is asking advice from people isn't bad because you can ask the people close to you they. you can chose whether or not you want there help because it's your choice. And third is that you can ask as many people as you want. and last you can always have more than one view because you never know when you might need to take this advice to hearth 