Cell Phone Policy

Cell phones have been an issue in the schools. Policy one is the best suited for middle school students because if cell phones are forbidden complete the student will more likely want to break the rule. Giving the student liberty with limits is a good way to discipline the students into better people. Policy two is risking too much chaos within the school

Policy two is not the best choice for teenagers. Teenagers are in a stage where they want to know how far they can go before someone will put a definite stop. If the school decides to solve the cell phone problem by not allowing cell phones then they have ensured that the students will continue to bring cell phones; however, now more will bring phones just to test how much they can get away with doing.

Policy one is the best solution because the school is giving the students what they want but with certain limits. Teenagers would respond to this policy better because they know that they can bring the phones so they won't try to test the rules as much. The school should consider using the first policy because it would provide the students with the sense of liberty but with limits. This is something the school should consider teaching because the students need to know what a real life computerisation situation is like because in life everything doesn't always go your way and students should know that before they get accustomed to everything going their way.

Policy one will mold the student's way of thinking so they can begin to understand that everything has it's pros and cons. The first policy teaches the students that there are times that one must give up to obtain. In this case the students are giving up their phone usage during class but are receiving the right to used their phones in their free time within school hours. The cons in this situation was the troubles the students got into when they were caught breaking the rules. Nevertheless, the pros are worth not using the phones because they can used the phones now and not get i