Online Schooling

Technology as a whole has developed drastically over the last decade. Technology is such an amazing and useful part of things we do every day. One of the most life changing technological advancements that have been made, is online schooling or at home schooling. There are many positive things about online schooling and how it has helped shape our society today. At home schooling is a great option for many students because they can learn at their own pace, go to schools further away, and be sick less often.

The first reason that students should be given at home class opportunities is because they could learn at their own pace. Many students struggle with the fast pace school environment. For example, students are required to get to class on time, turn their work in on time, and even write down notes while keeping up with their teachers. On the other hand, some students think that the curriculum is too slow paced. Likewise, some students feel as though they are given too much time for assignments, too much time to get to class, or even too much time to take notes. Overall, students have different rates of learning, and the school curriculum doesn't always take that into consideration. Based on this evidence, it is logical to assume that at home schooling can allow students to learn at their own pace.

The second reason that students should be given at home class opportunities is because they could be given the chance to go to schools further away. Many students aren't able to go to a preferred school because they are too far away. Giving students an opportunities to take classes at home and online could allow them to enroll in classes at schools that they would rather go to. Also, a student might want to take a specific class that the nearest school might not offer. Furthermore, some students may already know what they want to do for a career and if so, they might need to take a specific class before starting that career. If the school they are attending does not have that class, the student could be held back from their fullest potential. It is obvious that at home schooling could allow students to attend and take classes at schools that are further away.

The final reason that students should be given at home class opportunities is because they would be sick less often. With less human contact, students wouldn't be sick as often and wouldn't come in contact with as many harmful illnesses. Also, even if the student were to get sick, he or she would still be able to attend school with out infecting their peers or teachers. This would, in return, allow students to continue their education while being sick without the fear of getting anyone else sick. This could also help to stop the spread of harmful diseases like chicken pox, measles, and other easily transmittable illnesses. Naturally, allowing students to take online classes can help them to be sick less often.

Many people say that students who don't have access to internet would be at a disadvantage. However, those students would still be able to attend a regular, tangible school or they could use guide books for each class. Having online classes would just be easier to attend for those who do have internet access at home. Since students would be able to work at their own pace, go to school further away, and be sick less often, at home schooling would be a great option for many students. Our youth would be very well educated if more schools started offering classes at home. Our society and future generations would be better developed as well. So please, speak to your school board members and propose the idea of at home classes at you local schools and make your community a better place. 