Have you ever been trying to pay attention in class but your friends or someone in your class is being a major distraction? Or have you been following the teachers orders but your teacher is moving at a faster pace than you can learn? Some students have these problems in public schools so I'm going to be explaining the reasons why students learning at their own pace without any distractions at home will benefit more than students learning in a public school.

One reason I believe students will benefit more from doing work at home is because they won't get distracted from other students who mess around a lot during class. Students messing around could cause other students to get distracted and not focus on their work or what the teacher is trying to lecture. If they were getting educated online at home, they wouldn't get distracted by anyone because they're alone. Being alone at home in a one on one conversation between the teacher and the student wouldn't cause any distractions for the student.

Another reason I believe students would benefit by being taught online rather than in a public school is because teachers teach at a class pace and there are some students out there that can't learn at a class pace so they fall behind and have to catch up on work later. If the student were getting taught at home, they can go at any pace they want and won't fall behind. Not falling behind will be really beneficial to students because some get really stressed out when they have a lot of work to do.

My final reason on why students being taught at home would benefit them more than students being taught at public schools is that they will get a good understanding of the curriculum. In public schools, you could possibly get a teacher that you dont like or one that can't teach well. This could cause you to not understand what the teacher is lecturing. If the student was taking the class online, they would get a teacher that they would like or they would just learn the material themselves by reading.

Taking school online at home does have down sides such as not getting much public speaking skills which could cause some people to be anti-social but thats easy to overcome. Not getting distracted, learning at your own pace, and getting a teacher that you like are some of many of the reasons why I believe that students being taught online would benefit more than students being taught in a public school. 