Sports is a good thing for the body. It starts with running or using force. It could be baseball or soccer and I agree we all need a class to get us into shape like a gym. Maybe we can get a track to be able to run and race around with each other. We do need a gym so we can do stuff like kick ball or maybe soccer if nobody gets hurt mostly basketball would be fun.

This part is about basketball and why we would need these other classes for it. Baseball is a fun sport but sometimes people can get hurt badly like get hit in the leg or something. Baseball is good to help with the arms and the legs like running and swinging the bat or even throwing the ball. Well if you are the person sitting at home base trying to catch the ball well you aren't gonna get a lot out of that since you are just sitting there. Running is a good thing plus when you are out on the out field you can run and catch the ball like run very fast plus you get muscles in your legs.

This part is about soccer and why we would need classes for it. Soccer is good thing for the feet and the legs it helps develop strength in the legs and foot here's why. When kicking the ball to another person that helps get your feet stronger by kicking it hard to a goal that helps it from breaking easily. When using your legs to run or help you kick you are making a better leg muscle so it wouldn't get cramped easily or something will break it easily. When running in soccer you get muscle in your feet and your legs plus your arms when you run you have to move your arms.

This is for football and why we would need it. Football will hurt you badly but still good for your muscles. Football helps by getting arm leg shoulder and chest mucles. By hitting someone it takes a tough guy to ram into someone like tackle them sure you will get hurt but you will get stronger by the time you are strong you can take down everyone. You also get shoulder strengh by ramming people making your shoulders stronger so they won't break. It will also keep you from a big guy but that will help on the field also to ram people.

Sports is a good thing for the body. It starts with running or using force. It could be baseball or soccer and I agree we all need a class to get us into shape like a gym. Maybe we can get a track to be able to run and race around with each other. We do need a gym so we can do stuff like kick ball or maybe soccer if nobody gets hurt mostly basketball would be fun. I'm writing about it we need a class for it and i agree with it.