I think that forcing all students to participate in an extracurricular activity would cause stress in many different ways. Students already have a lot of school work to do and making them do this would be difficult. I disagree with this decision because, students may have school work to do, may be a care provider for the family, or might have a job to do. This could also result in a lack of effort in certain things at school and at home.

If students have a lot of school work to do they could become stressed from not being able to get the work done. Students also might need to study and would not have time to do that, therefore, causing them to get a bad grade on it. This could also result in a bad grade on their report card, maybe even causing them to fail the class. If the students fail the class they will have to retake the class the next year, and if the students were already struggling with the class they would have to do it all over again causing stress in that way to. To much stress causes anxiety which can be harmful to the students self confidence, could make them sad or depressed, and many other problems.

Students might be a main provider for their family, taking care of family members, and paying for stuff the family needs. They might also be paying the bills or buying food and clothes for their family members. If students can't provide for their family they could become homeless or become sick. Might become in debt from not having someone work and make money for the family.

Students might also have a job to do and would not be able to work because they would not have time to work after school. They might also have a job so they can provide for their family or themselves. They might need the job to save up for college and schooling. If the students don't have the time to go to work they might get fired and they would not be making money to provide for family or themselves.

So in my opinion, I don't think this would be beneficial in any way to the students. This would be very stressful for the students and could also cause anxiety, even making the student become depressed if it is to stressful for them. I disagree with this decision because, students may have school work to do, may be a main care provider for their family, and might have a job to do so they can pay for the stuff that they need to live a descent life and not be stressed. That is why I disagree with this decision.