Drivers should not be able to use their phones while driving. In Georgia a hands free law was passed to prevent drivers from doing other things while driving. When drives are distracted they can put their life in danger as well as other people in the car or other people on the road. Drivers should take that into consideration when they are on the roads driving. Drivers should be 100% focused on the road and not concerned about other things such as phones.

Most people can not focus while driving so it is very serious that drivers keep their eyes on the road. Texting and driving is like driving with your eyes clothes one little text can put your life in so much danger. Cars are made with bluetooth so that it lowers the chance of distracted drivers. Drivers should pay attention when they are driving such as drinking and driving. Kids are in the car with drivers when they don't know anything that goes on with drivers.

When you get caught on your by a police officer you can be fined and lose your license. When you lose your license you would have to go through a long process of getting them back. You can also get points taken off your license risking the chance of you doing things as far as traveling and police will be strict on you. You can save many lives just by paying attention to the road because others sometimes don't pay attention.

This texting and driving can be very serious and dangerous. Your family would be sad if something bad happened to you causing you to not make it home all because of a text. With bluetooth cars you can talk to the car a drive its called hands free. You can text people back on the steering wheels its options for that so that it lowers the risk of you taking your eyes off the road. Making it home feels like a big accomplishment to some people.

High Schoolers and younger kids should be required to take a class that teaches them more about the severity of texting and driving. Teens get cars and can't stay off their phones. They are more likely to be the ones to get in an accident. Teens could download a app while driving to preventing them from being on their phones while driving this app helps teens earn discounts on popular things that they want to purchase. Texting while driving should never be allowed!                                 