Could you Imagine if you never had to meet that one teacher that you hated, or that one student that would pick on you? Well, now some schools are starting to offer learning online so you could've stayed home and never had to see that certain someone. There are so many benfits for both the students and the school. I believe that students should be able to attend class from home because they can learn on their own time, it would teach responsibility and credibility very well, and it would also prevent anyone having problems with other students, teachers, etc!

Everybody knows that students, especially the high school students, dread waking up early in the morning to go to school. Not only do they have to be at school early, but for a good seven hours, and if they are involved in any extracurricular activities that's at least another two hours. Trust me, I know from experience, getting home at seven or eight o'clock everyday was such a hassle because I would miss out on family dinner, have no availability to work, and on top of that I would have to study after I got washed up and made dinner. Long school days really do drain your brain and I feel that's why so many of us are always so tired. Just Imagine if students could wake up at whatever time they wanted, complete their classes for that certain day, and then video chat each teacher individually. This is very realistic because it does not seem as much of a hassle to the students as it is to the teachers so basically student get the benefit of getting to stay home, while teachers still have the same school day as the payroll would be a constant.

You can't tell me that having a student do their requirements on their own time will not set them up to be a very responsible and on task adult when they make the transition to the real world. Look at this, students would have the option to go to school or take the class online, if they choose to attend online they must complete the assignments by the time school gets out or else they would not have access to the online learning for a week. So basically, if students are just not wanting to go to school or just pushing off that work it will teach them that they have to get it done either way. It's a win win either way I believe because if student do not complete work then they have to go to school and talk with their teachers, and if they complete their assignments, they still video chat with their teachers and check in so that they would know they are good and not to worry about that certain student. Either way they are checking in with their teachers and getting stuff done!

We all know everyone has that certain teacher that they always have a problem with, or that certain student that would always pick on you for no good reason. Well, this online school option would eliminate any conflicts, past or ongoing, that they have going on in their school. It would just give students that have been bullied or other that safe assurance they can be at their own home with who they want. All of us know that it would better off to having students with conflicts stay home and help the actual problems going on inside the school that nobody would ever think to take care of, and what is better than that!

I believe that students should be able to attend class from home because they can learn on their own time, it would teach responsibility and credibility very well, and it would also prevent anyone having problems with other students, teachers, etc! It would just be so beneficial for any of the kids no matter what they are going through and I think we should take action now! After all, all of the staff does this "for the kids", right?