When people ask for advice

, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Have you ever wounder why that is the case?, if you are a person who does not take advice from another individual , then you could use this skill, taking advice from another person can help you make better life choices, it will make you understand things more clearly and faster, and learn from them. Multiple opinions really is a foundation to a job like a mayor of a city, it is vital to take advice from the community in order to address problems and concerns. If it was just a city with no voice in the community then the city would fall into a bad place which no one wants to be in and the key advice is to receive it.

In the world we live in, we make a lot of important choices in life, some are big and some are small, but they effect our future and success. Next, advice from others can make you more wiser when you make your own choices, if

Abraham

Lincoln never saw how African Americans were treated for there skin color he would have never signed the documents for slavery to be band. if he never got advice he mostly likely would have never Andres the problems with having that toxic racism. If it wasnt for him, it would still be here today thanks to out 16th President, which boils down to good thinking and advice. At some point in our lives I know we got advice from someone we look up too,also what ever the advice they gave you, is an add on to bigger things, for example if a parent or guardian gives you some advice to never quit on things or problems that are hard and difficult for you, with just that you will Carey that for the rest of your life. Which eventually make you more wiser and resistant to challenges and in life. You will have a mindset that will help you be more successful and a hard worker. When you are at that point you will know what is right and wrong, from advice from your remodel, father, and mother. Multiple opinions is like trying different types of food from different chefs and if you just try it, you will see something you might like, if you never try something you will never see a different possibility taking advice is just like that. Only instead its intellects make the right choice to help you.

In Conclusion, advice is there to help you, opinions are there to guide you to something that gives you smarts to making the right choices in the world we live in live, sure not all opinions hear might not be in your favor. But just hear them out and be the best you that you want to be shaped in, advice will make yo wiser and more aware of scenarios. 