In today's world driving a car is a daily thing. People drive cars everyday either to get to work or run arrnes and do many other things. Cars should be put to limited usage becuase cars are a leading factor in air pollution. Also limited car usage is helpful because it can help you stay healthy and in shape.

Cars should be put to limited usage because cars are a leading factor in air pollution.

Like it says in source 1 "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe . . . and up to 50 percent in some car-intense areas in the United States." Cars release gases into the air which cause pollution. The pollution is bad for the enviroment and for civilians health. Like this one time in Paris the pollution form cars got so bad it created a smog over the city. After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced driving ban to clear the area of the global city. Citezens of Paris were fined if they were seen driving during the ban, only some cars were abke to be driving on specific days. Just after a few days of this ban the smog cleared enough for a vehicles were able allowed to drive.  To reduce this we must do what a few cities around the world do. Some small cities around the world are reducing car usage by creating more accesible public transportation methods, with less parking space. Also the stores are placed on a walk way, on a main street rather than in malls which are far away.

Also, cars should be put to limited usage because it can help you stay healthy and in shape. If you dont use cars you be forced to walk or to ride a bike. Doing this will be physical activity and help you stay in shape. You wont have to sit in a car and just press a pedal to move. That will get you lazy and fat. If you ride a bike instead or walk you are moving and naking your body work, keeping yourself from being fat and staying healthy.

In conclusion, car usage should be limited becuase cars are a leading factor in air pollution and also limited car usage is helpful because it can help you stay healthy and in shape.      