Driverless cars are an amazing thing. Technology has improved quite a lot due to the fact that we can know make these. Even though they seem cool there are actually many downsides to driverless cars. Driverless cars should not be used on the roads. Driverless cars may seem cool to everyone now but nowing the downsides will change people's minds.

One of the first issues with driverless cars is the issue with driving in traffic. When one is in difficult traffic the car can not drive itself. It would need to human to take full control. If the point of driverless cars is to not have to pay attention and let the car do all of the work then the cars should be fully equipped to drive itself in traffic.

The biggest issue with these driverless cars is the legal issues. If one gets into a crash because the technology of the car freaks out then whose fault is it? If someone else in another car is injured who takes the blame: the human or the company who made the car? Many laws would have to be changed in order to put these cars out on the roads. Liability laws are set in place for humans driving cars because that is the way the world works; humans drive cars, cars do not drive humans.

Lastly how "self-driving" are drivereless cars. There are not any cars out right now that are one hundered percent driverless. The driverless cars right now can accelerate, steer, and brake but, they notify the human in the car when there are sites up ahead that involve human interaction. This would be things such as work zones, accidents, etc... Due to these issues the human driver would always have to be on alert. These cars are not equipped to handle the roads yet.

All in all, these cars may seem like a cool idea but they have many downsides. This world is not ready to put out driverless cars on the roads until we know they can fully drive themselves without any human interaction and liability laws are changed. The risks with these cars are not one that the world is ready to take.                              