In my opinion i do agree with saying student's should have to attend with a extracurricular activity because people these days are lazy, kids are hanging out with the wrong kinds of people, like doing drugs,alcohol,etc, and why this should be at every school.

You principal said all student's should have to attend a extracurricular activity. Student's are not going to want to do this. People are not going to have time or maybe afford money if that extracurricular activity asked for. I think when you get to middle school almost every student don't like being there, or maybe don't like school at all. After school is over for the day, you really don't know what that student's does for the rest of that day. Kids today don't like getting out or when they do they do bad things.

When they say you have to do a extracurricular activity that does not mean you have to do a class if could mean try out for the basketball team, try out for the football team or maybe soccer team. Sometimes it's not that bad as it seems. I think we should have it because kids do drugs now there gonna do it sooner or later but i don't see anything being done to stop that so i think if you add a activity to there life it could get them distracted off drugs and alcohol and not think about it. Another reason i think that it would be good is that kids don't get out much as they use to, now we have phones, Xbox , PlayStation, all of the cool things now and you have couple of the kids go out and hang at the park and walk but not like it use to.

When you have student's doing extracurricular activity your going to need a after school bus because some people don't have a car or any transportation and you don't want that to stop you from having fun. I think something would be great to is to have activity that don't cost us money now not everything is free but maybe try to make it work because some people don't have money to send there kids with and that's OK.

Therefore when school says you have to attend at least one extracurricular activity there not going say you have to be there every time or you can't skip and that OK because not everyone can do everything the world offers you and some people are not going to be able to do these things but i think that sad because sometimes when you kid come home and ask can we go to this place and you have to say no that heartbreaking sometimes and i think we should give the opportunity to allow everyone to have fun.