I groaned as I got up from bed, groggily rubbing my eyelids as I remembered today was Monday, signaling the start of another exhausting school week. Attending schools so that students can become educated is outdated compared to the option of students being able to learn from home online, especially in a technological world. Although some may believe otherwise, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because many online classes allow for flexibility, ensure the safety of students, and encourage individuality in learners.

First of all, students would have greater flexibility in their schedules through online classes, which will then help students improve in academics and talents. For example, my friend Generic_Name has been home schooled ever since she started grade school, her parents utilizing online classes to educate her. The only difference between her and a school student was that Generic_Name went through her classes at a comfortable pace, without having to sit idly through pointless lectures that were not actually beneficial to her learning, leaving more time during the rest of the day to focus on her love for singing. As a matter of fact, Generic_Name's academic success did not decrease at all due to her taking online classes, shown by her scholarship from the University of California. Some may say that students who take online classes from home will not improve academically due to the absence of the physical presence of a teacher. While this view is understandable, it is incorrect because students who attend online classes do just as well as students who learn at school. An example that represents this is the online education course known as Khan Academy, famous for its in depth lessons for various aspects of learning. In particular, my friend Generic_Name took advantage of the online SAT classes the course had to offer, which led to him achieving a great score of 1470 on the August SAT. Similarly, my friend Generic_Name, who had attended classes all summer long at a school, earned the same score even though supposedly, he was supposed to do better since he was learning from an actual teacher. The flexibility online classes offer impact the students only in a positive manner.

Secondly, attending classes from home would eliminate any potential school related risks to students and benefit their health, which will advocate for a safe environment. For example, during my licensing ceremony, the driving police officer explained to the entire room about how the most dangerous intersection in one of the largest counties in the world, the crossing between Generic_City, happened to be directly across from a high school. As a student of Generic_School, I personally witness this experience every single day and know that mixing drowsy teen drivers with heavy traffic across an intersection is a dangerous combination. By allowing students to attend classes from home, the risk of accident related injuries, and even deaths, to students on their way to school would almost be completely eliminated, which is crucial to the protection of teenagers and children. Some may argue that online classes from home have no real health benefits. While this view may be understandable, it is incorrect because students that attend classes from home have many greater benefits to their health through the improvement of sleep, shown by many scientific studies stating that teenagers require at least 8 to 9 hours of sleep a night, but less than half of the population get this amount. As a swimmer with practices every morning but long assignments every night, dark circles under my eyes and sleeping during class has become a daily routine. By allowing students to attend classes from home, teenagers are able to follow their sleep patterns of sleeping later and not having to wake up as early in the morning, leaving them much more alert and satisfied. Eliminating the health risks posed to students by schools allows them to focus solely on their academics.

In addition, classes from home allows students to cultivate their own individuality through the removal of peer pressure, leading to better ideas from students that will improve the world. For example, Oprah Winfrey, one of the country's most renown television personalities, faced bullying and criticism for expressing her individuality as a child. Discontinuing her school career, Winfrey was freed from her shackles of peer pressure and later started the popular television series known as The Winfrey Show, where she could proclaim her unique philosophies that she had been cultivating ever since she was younger. Winfrey was determined to make the world a better place by encouraging younger adults to control their independent lifestyles and live a life of encouragement. Some may say that classes from home decreases the ability of students to be able to cooperate among each other. While this is understandable, it is incorrect because students who are confident in their unique selves are able to cooperate better with other people. For example, Albert Einstein, a famous scientist and mathematician, was expelled from grade school due to his extreme curiosity. Afterwards, he cultivated his own knowledge and later on cooperated well with a team of scientists during WWII to develop the atomic bomb. Attending class from home allows students to discover themselves and create a diverse environment.

A society in which students are able to attend classes from home would benefit greatly due to positive impacts. Especially in a world where rising global problems are becoming more imminent, such as the risk of COVID-19 and an increasing threat of global warming, students that are confident in their own abilities, cooperative with others, and knowledgeable are becoming more crucial. We must advocate for an environment in which students can comfortably learn by promoting an online class education system where students can attend classes from home.