Students, during breaks over long periods of time, can cause ineffectiveness in their ability to remember the subjects they have learned during the school year. Therefore the idea to require students to complete a summer project to assure they continue to learn over the break is a great solution to improve this growing problem. The proposal is divided between if the projects should be student or teacher based. The projects during the summer break should be student based projects because they will learn to become more creative, they will achieve a new level in responsibility, and they will give students the ability to maintain the knowledge given to them better.

Student based projects during the break over summer would be more beneficial then teacher based projects because it gives student the opportunity to become more creative. For example, if there was a student who had to come up with an idea for the summer project and had no starting off point of where to begin, this will inspire that student to become creative and think of a project to do over the break. The ability for a student to be creative will help them in the future to create solutions for difficult problems. Teacher based projects will only limit their creative thinking to what their teacher come up with. Also, the creativity in one student can inspire another to do very creative things as well. Perhaps, that student could inspire another student also to be creative. By doing that it will create a chain reaction leading to new creative thinkers for the future. Creativity is more beneficial in student based projects then teacher based ones.

Responsibility will improve those who used student based project opposed to teacher based projects over the break. The increased habit for students to be responsible will improve their maturity for their future. Students will sooner be prepared for a new level of responsibility in college. This will also prepare them for future job positions as well. Further more, the students with this new level of responsibility will have a better tendency to turn in their work on time due to the student based projects other than the teacher based projects. Student who do not turn in papers on time will likely improve on this habit. Responsible students will be even more so once they have done their project over the break. Students who use the student based projects will make them more responsible than others who use the teacher based project.

Finally, the ability to maintain the knowledge will improve if they use the project based by students not by teachers. Students who make their own projects will memorize them better because the student made the project themselves instead of a teacher. They spend more time coming up with the project; by doing this, the student will obtain the information given to them better. Students spend this time researching projects that interest them which will make the project more memorable to that student opposed to a project given to them by a teacher. The ability to maintain the knowledge will also improve when students do this over a long period of time. Students are given a long period of time because this project is going on during summer break. Some students will spend a lot of time researching the subject of the project which will help maintain their knowledge better then short term projects. Student based projects will improve the ability to maintain the knowledge better than teacher based projects.

In conclusion, the projects during the summer break should be student based projects because they will learn to become more creative, they will achieve a new level in responsibility, and they will give students the ability to maintain the knowledge given to them better. The better students are with maintain knowledge over long periods of time the better their lives will be in the future. The future will be changed by those students they should be taught how to lead the future responsibly. 