Students in our country find school to be an unstable learning environment. High schools around the country typically start early in the morning. Every student does not do well waking up and starting their day at 8 o'clock. Online school and video conferencing serve as alternatives to waking up early and going to school every weekday. Students would benefit from online schooling or video conferencing because they can learn at their own pace, wake up at a suitable time, and have a stable learning environment.

First of all, students can work at their own pace. Every student does not benefit from the pace their school curriculum. Working from home would allow the student to work and study at their own pace. This allows the student to not feel rushed or overwhelmed. The work will still be the same as if they were in school learning among a class.

Next, students would be able to wake up at a suitable time rather than an earlier hour. Not every student is ready to learn at 8 o'clock in the morning. Being home schooled allows the student to wake up at a more suitable time rather than early in the morning. Every student does not benefit from an early start to their day. They might have a drowsy feeling or feel sick. Homeschooling erases the early wake up times for students.

Lastly, students may have a more stable learning environment. Every student does not learn well in a classroom with twenty to thirty students. It may make the student afraid to ask a question or uncomfortable. Classroom distractions such as other classmates, announcements, or disruptions may cause the student to feel uncomfortable. Working from home allows the student to work in an environment that is more suitable than a classroom.

In conclusion, student would benefit from attending classes from home. Students would benefit from online schooling or video conferencing because they ca learn at their own pace,wake up at a suitable time, and have a more stable learning environment. Students may argue that homeschooling would not benefit them but, not every student learns the same.