Don't you ever have a situation where you need great advice? But the advice you got from your friend wasn't very good. Many people go through many horrible situations but don't know what to do. They ask people for advice but it isnt very good so, they ask multiple of their friends or family for many different opinions to see which is best. So yes seeking multiple opinions or advice is a great idea because, you can get many point of views, multiple ideas of what good or bad things can happen, get a bunch of support from new friends or old friends.

One reason, is asking people for multiple point of views so you can hear their side of their stories . When you ask for advice you obviously want one that has a good outcome. Well many people go through the same thing but solve it in many different ways, which can have a good or bad outcome. So when you ask your friends or family they can have many ideas of what you should do. They can help you on what or what not to do since it might or might not be your first experience with your situation.

One other reason, is you can get many opinions, ideas, or advice from wise people. If you ask a lot of people for advice they will give you multiple ideas. If you get a lot advice you can test them all out and see which one has the best outcome. For example, there was this one girl who was getting bullied and she didn't ask anybody for help and the first thing that came to her mind was to fight the person who was bulling her. She was the one who ended up getting in trouble when she could've asked her friends for help. But she learned to ask people for advice so she could choose the best option.

Finally, when you ask someone for advice they might not know what to do so they send you to ask someone who might not be your friend but has gone through the same thing. That can lead you to making new friendships since they might be curious on whats going on. They might even know the specifics of your situation which can lead to them giving you better advice since they might want the best got you. Asking someone for advice good advice can help you find out who are your true friends depending on what they say since they can give you good or bad advice. You'll find out who the trustworthy one are and they can be the ones to help you make a better choice on your situation.

In conclusion, getting lots of advice is best since out of all of them you can choose the best one and have a good outcome based on what people told you. They can help you get through the difficult times and might even give you comfort and hope on your situation. It can give you ideas of what right or wrong or what you know what can or not happen. But overall getting a lot of advice from many people can also show they care so you know if anything bad happens there will be people by your side. So yes seeking multiples opinions can help you make a better choice.