Student emotions can sometimes be hard to read. Students experience many different emotions everday throughout school. Some students may be happy and excited about school while others are bored and drowsy. New technology has been developed called the Facial Action Coding System. This system enables computers to indentify human emotions. This technology would be very benefiticial to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom.

With this new tech teachers would have the ability to read there students emotional expressions when they are giving a lesson. If the students emotional responses are boredom and drowsiness. Then the teacher will know they should change what they are doing so the students become more alert and interested."A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. If a student is becoming lost or dosent understand the material the computer will recognize that and the teacher will be able to stop and help that student.

The use of this tech will allow teaching in the classroom to become more efficent and if a student is struggling teachers will be able to recognize that quicker. This system will not only help with teaching but can also help emotionally. If a student is sad and going through some difficult things the computer can recognize this by the students facial expressions. The teacher then can talk to the sutdent and maybe cheer them up.

This technology can also help with school safety. Recently there have been alot of school shootings and threats. If a student has a look on their face that shows anger,sadness,intent,or rage. The computer will recognize this and the teacher may be able to prevent anything bad from happening to that student or other people in general.

In conclusion the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable in many different ways. It can make teaching more efficent. It can help teachers identify students who are lost or confused. It can recognize when a student is sad,mad,or angry therefore allowing the teacher the opportunity to speak with that student and see if they are ok.