Everyone's needed advice for something multiple times in your life. Some people keep there problem to them self, or ask one person to help give them advice. Although they may only 'trust' that one person, or they may 'trust' no one, seeking advice from multiple people is way more beneficial. If you just keep to yourself or get one source of help, it's never going to really help. How do you think the most famous people in the U.S. got over their problems? They seeked help from multiple peers! Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because they have more perspective, they have different ways to overcome the problem, and the person asking for advice gains more support with multiple people.

Some people think keeping there problems to themselves will solve the problem eventually. The truth is, it doesn't. You might think you're the only one in the world who is having problems, but people never realize everyone else is human too. Everyone's been in tough situations, most of the time they're even in the same exact problem. Having more perspective on your situation helps people make a better choice because people solve things differently, so asking one person how they made their choice might not help with your problem, so by asking multiple people you get multiple views on how they solved a problem in your situation.

As I said in the last paragraph, someones advice may not work for a certain situation. Most people think because they're bestfriends, or they're really good friends automatically makes their advice the best. Just because you trust that one person to help you doesn't mean they always have the answer. You need to get multiple opinions from multiple people. Asking multiple people for advice gives you different ways to overcome a problem, this helps you make a better choice because by opening up to multiple people, you get there past experiences and how they solved it, and by getting multiple ways to overcome the problem they can think more about their problem and use someones advice that worked out for that certain problem, or they could even put multiple advice together to solve their problem based on other peoples outcomes.

Of course by asking multiple people for advice gives you different views and different solutions, but by asking multiple people, you get there support. Put it this way. Lets say you're playing a video game and you're facing the final boss. You're not going to beat the boss by yourself. You need troops, or some sort of supporting attack and defense to defeat this boss. Thats exactly how it is when you ask multiple people for advice! You get more feedback, you get more resources, you get more support to overcome your problem! Asking multiple people for advice gives you more support, and this helps people make a better choice because they have more backup to their problem, and with more backup you have more power to overcome you're problem, just like the video game analogy explained.

So, does seeking advice from multiple people help you make a better choice? Yes, it helps you make a better choice because you have more perspective of your problem, asking multiple people gives you different ways to overcome your problem, and you have more support with your problem. Although by asking multiple people there are different reasons it helps you overcome a problem, but getting more perspective stands out more than getting different ways to overcome your problem and having more support. Having more perspective on how other people dealt with their situation really gives you a brief explanation of what will happen if you do what they tell you. It makes you feel stronger, just like the video game. If you try to beat the boss one way, it might not work, but having someone else's way on defeating the boss, that way might work for you. There is a saying "the more the better", and that is a perfect quote for when you need advice. Next time you're down in the dumps, or you're having difficulty with something, ask multiple people, I want you to see the effectiveness on having more perspective, more options, and more support.