Is studying venus a worthy pursuit ? Venus is a worthy stuying pursuit because it has many challenges but it may have been earth like. In the beginning it talks about the plant being hard to examine up close and venus havingthe hottest surface. the middle talks about Venus once being a Earth like planet and the idea from NASA and machines that will let scientists float above the venus landscape. The end talks about silicone carbide being tested over Venus's surface.

Venus is a challenging place to examine because it is really close to the sun which makes it hard to examine. According to paragraph 1 it says " While Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vanatage point of Earth, it has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely." Venus is a hard planet to examine because of how close it is to the sun. None of the spacecraft's have survived the landing to Venus so no spaceships have went to Venus since. According to paragraph 2 it says " Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades. Numerous factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us." A spaceship has not went down on Venus because ofthe fails with the space creaft's.

Venus is way hotter than the temperatures is 90 times greater than what we experience on Earth . According to paragraph 3 it says "Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though Mercury is closer to the sun." Even though Mercury is closer to the sun Venus is so hot because of all the erupting valcanoes, earth strikes, and lightning strikes that may land on Venus's surface. Astronomers believe that Venus was once similar to Earth because of its features. Paragraph 4 says "today venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valley's mountains, and craters." The Astronomers think since Venus looks similar to Earth because of the rocky, mountains, and valley's type of features.

Some people may think studying Venus isn't a worthy persuit because of how dangerous it could be for astronomers to examine it. People also may think coming up with devices to make scientists float over the surface is putting them in a position of getting hurt due to all the fails that have happened.

In conclusion studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because it will make people more curious about the planet and it will also allow scientists to learn more about the planet and get a better insight up close of the planet rather than far away. With their examiniation the electronics they make will help them figure out howbthe planet was before.