I think that extracurricular activities shouldn't be forced upon students. Many students may find the extracurricular activities to be stressful, like public speaking or playing a sport. The activities can also be very time consuming, students already have lots of homework and adding a extracurricular activity could cause their grades to drop because not finishing homework or outside of school projects because they wouldn't have time for everything. The name extracurricular activity has the word extra in it, meaning that it should be a choice, not a requirement for students to do.

The extracurricular activities could add stress, not every students can handle the stress from their activity. Some activities, like public speaking and sports. Students can find the activities stressful because if they might mess up and embarrass their self. If they stutter in their speech or strike-out in a baseball game, they could be embarrassed greatly because they were forced into they activity rather if they choose to participate.

The extracurricular activities can be be very time consuming, students don't need one more thing they have to do. Students already have homework and projects, they activity could add more stress on top of the stress from homework and projects. The students might not finish their homework and projects resulting in there grade dropping because of they activity

Lastly, extracurricular activities should stay extra, it's in the name. Forcing students to do an extracurricular activity wouldn't them make extra anymore, more like a required activity that everyone has to do, which can be stressful and time consuming for the student. Extracurricular activity should remain as an extra activity for the students that can handle it.

The activities being potentially stressful, very time consuming and the activity no longer being an extra activity are reasons why I think students shouldn't be required for each and every student to do. If a student that think they could benefit from participating in the extracurricular activity should do an extracurricular activity but every student should have to especially the students that would be negatively impacted by being forced to do the activity.