Electoral College is where we pick our state elector to choose our president. We as citizen get to help choose our state's electors when we vote. It's a benefit to keep our Electoral College in the government system.

After all, Electoral College do have their negatives. In the source "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid denfenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer claims that "voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors." We are not voting for our own president, but choosing an electors for our own state to go on and help us vote for our United States of America's president,but with an Electoral College every state get two Senators and one House of Representatives. Which divide everything equally. Our votes are counted by our population of people. So, the Electoral College shouldn't be change.

Mainly, Electoral College help us vote for our president. In the source "What is the Electoral College" by the Office of the Federal Register assert that the winner of the president is "election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens." The more popular votes our states is given the higher chance that president is going to be elected. "Majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president" out of 538 votes for a presidnet to win. With an Electoral College each president have to get at least 270 elector votes from all the 50 states for them to be president.

Lastly, Electoral College have no run-off elections. In the source "In defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" by Richard A. Posner mentioned that with no run-offs there wouldn't be any "complicate the presidential election process." There will never be a tie votes between an election. For example, between Nixon and Clinton both got 43 percent popular votes which is a tie and hard to pick, but with an elector vote their votes are 301:370 which is a big difference.

In summary, Electoral College is a useful system in the government that should be kept in place. It has been used over the years and it would be a pain to change everything now.    