A common phrase teachers enjoy using is "Ask three before me". This phrase is the same way with receiving advice. Asking others before the final decision is an important choice to make. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices, so there are more options when asking for opinions, advice will be different from one person to another, and learning plays a big role for making better choices.

First off, there are more options when seeking opinions. For example; more people, more choices. If there is a situation of being unsure of what option to take, there are many peers to go to for advice, opening more options.

as well as more options, there is also no absolute wrong or right answer. People automatically believe that there is only one right choice to make, but in most cases that is not true because of the many paths people can choose to go along. Seeing others' views can also help when making better choices. When asking for advice, others will most likely have a different picture in mind than others. To sum it up, more choices will be available when asking others for opinions.

Secondly, advice will vary from one person to another. The type of advice will be different depending on the person. Going to the right peer for advice is extremely important, rather than going to a bunch of random people for opinions. Another important factor of advice is that it is for consideration. Advice is not a requirement. At the end of the day, it is still the persons decision to make, whether or not they'll make the right choice or not. Most importantly, advice can help in daily lives. using others advice will not only help in the moment, but also in the future. Overall, advice will vary, depending on the person.

Lastly, learning is a big part of receiving opinions from others when seeking advice. Hearing what others have to say is important for learning good choices. Sometimes, it is hard to learn from the past without someones advice or opinion. as well as that, people are most definitely capable of learning from their previous mistakes. After receiving opinions and thoughts from others, people can learn what they did differently in the past, and correct it. the last big part of the learning section is that we can take others' opinions and learn a life lesson from them. having other opinions is important when realizing past mistakes. In the end, learning will always be a big role in making a better choice.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions will help people make better choices. There are more options to choose from, advice to take, and lessons to learn from. In the future, we should always ask others for their opinion on the choices we make, depending on the situation. receiving advice is extremely important for making better choices than before. We can learn from our mistakes from the past by hearing what others have to say. We should always speak to more than one person for advice.        