Venus also called Evening Star is the second planet on the Solar System and is more similar to earth than any other planet. the scientist believe that at some point of time Venus might have been covered in oceans just like Earth and might have supported life forms that was able to live in venus. it is also the closest in terms of size and density.

Venus has hot surface on the ground that make it impossible for the life orm to exist in venus. Venus surface is so hot that it can even melt down a sub marine that is designed to be in a harsh environment undernearth the ocean. thats the reason that no human has ever touched the Venus surface before. Scientist have tried many times to research the Venus surface but all they can do is to reasearch from Earth because every atempt to land on Venus has been unmanned and for reasons since on spacecraft has survived the landing for more than few hours. that is the reason why no spaceship has touced down on Venus surface for more than three decades. Venus is covered by 97 percent of Carbondioxide blankets. there is also Sulfuric acid that cover the Venus atmosphere. Venus surface is 800 degrees fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times more that on Earth. Thats is way too hot and dangerous for a human to live in. They also have similar features as Earth like volcanoes erruption, powerfull Earthquakes and frequent lightning. it also have Valley, Mountain and craters. Nasa came with a idea for a vehicle that can go upto 30 mph and is like a fighter jet that never touches the ground. Taking pictures of Venus from a ship that is orbiting or hovering safely above the planet is providing limited insight on ground condition because light cannot penetrate the thick atmosphere that covers the planet. Scientist are working on inventing mechanical computers like the ones they used in World War 2. Nasa is also working on equipment that they can use on Venus. they are testing those equipment or materials on harsh enivironment similar to on Venus but the longest they have survived is 3 weeks.

Dangerous and challenging it is Scientist believe it is worth it because we can gain knowledge about the planet. Venus has harsh environment but if we can figure out a way to travel between planet it will open many opportunities and space travel will be posible and humans might be able to live not only on Venus but on other planets too. 