Many students participate in extracurricular activities. Many students that participate in extracurricular activities enjoy them. Recently, our principle decided that every student has to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Personally, I agree with this decision because extracurricular activities are a good way to develop a skill or talent, make new friends, and it gives kids something to do.

The first reason that I agree with the principal's decision is that extracurricular activities are a good way to develop a skill or talent that you have. The talents that you learn during an extracurricular activity can help you later on in life. For example, if you work on making the yearbook, the skills that you acquired can help you make your own book in the future. One time my friend Generic_Name joined the debate team; The skills he got from the debate team helped him win class president later on.

The second reason I agree with the principal's decision is because joining extracurricular activities are a good way to make friends. It's good because you already have a common interest whether it be sports, music, etc. Me and my friend Generic_Name were once complete strangers. But after we had band together we were best friends.

The final reason that I agree with the principal's decision is that extracurricular activities give students something to do. Extracurricular activities give kids a productive way to spend time instead of just watching T.V. Also extracurricular activities can keep kids from doing things that are illegal. My friend would cause trouble in the the street and get arrested, but after he got into an extracurricular activity he was a star student.

Students across the nation participate in extracurricular activities. Extracurricular activities are a good thing for many students. Our principal said that every student must do at least one extracurricular activity, and I agree with this decision. I agree with the decision because extracurricular activities develop skills, help you make new friends, and gives kids something to do. 