Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students should offer public classes, however, Distance schools will make students careless by doing online or video conferencing. Distance learning is not good because it would make cheat easier, there would be less social interaction, and they would need to be highly motivated.

Firstly, students would cheat easier. For example, If students allowed to use their technology system, It would be easy for them to do their work but It would be easy for them to go online to and copy the answers Some students have trouble working at school because they don't want to work.

some of teens says that they cannot understand to work at school.

Secondly, there would be less social interaction. For instance, when you are taking a test or taking notes at online school there are many distraction that can make students lose focus on what they are doing. Therefore, Learning from public school it won't have distractions that a online has. However, Students won't lose focus on what they are doing if they are only focus on their teacher and if they have questions, they can ask from their teachers so they would help them more. It would be more helpful if students come to school.

Some students says that Online schools have more highly motivated. For example, one of my friend, she used to come to school, but Furthermore, she stop coming to school, because her teachers won't helped her, she cannot understand well, she got bad grade, and she fail all semesters then she plan to start online school. she got the answers the error words which she didn't know. However, Online school are have much more opportunities than the public schools. online schools have more distractions on what you are doing and get more free time.

In conclusion, students should offer to attend classes because attending to classes are less stressful. Students get more help from teachers. there would be less social interactions, because they won't be distracted by any technology and would be focus on studies. Some students are more interests in online schooling because they get more free time and get more rests than the public schools. I think public schools are more helpful for everyone because you meet new people, learn different experience, you get new ideas from others, and it wouldn't make you stressful. 