Summer Project: Student-designed or Teacher-designed?

Many schools across the country have been questioning whether or not they should be assigning their students summer projects. It is understood that many schools believe that it will be a way for the students to continue their learning throughout their break. While schools should not assign projects over breaks because it takes away from the break itself, if they must be assigned, students should be able to pick what they would wish to accomplish. If schools require students to complete summer projects they should be self-designed because students can be creative in what they would like to do, they can demonstrate something that interests them, and they can be self-paced.

If schools require students to complete summer projects they should be self-designed so that students can be creative in what they choose to do. If students are given a self- designed project then they would be able to create that project however they choose and it would be more beneficial to their learning if they were able to do what they chose. There are endless possibilities on projects ones could do to demonstrate a topic such as: a poster, a slide show, a song, a movie, and so many more. If one is able to be creative with the project then they would work harder on it regardless of the break.

If schools require students to complete summer projects they should be self-designed so that students can demonstrate something that interests them. If students are given the option of what to do the project on then they would be more likely to complete it if they could do whatever topic they wished. Not only that but when they are given the choice they will be able to educate something that interests them. Students could do anything that may interest them; a cause, something they did not learn in school, or a topic they wish to have further learning about. Giving students a project over the summer seems somewhat cruel, however, when given the choice, students could have endless possibilities on what to do for said project.

If schools require students to complete summer projects they should be self-designed so that the students have the opportunity to be self paced. Summer is supposed to be a break time to allow for rest and fun, so what child would want a project hanging over their head all summer. But if this project was able to be self-paced then it would allow for endless summer fun without the stress of deadlines. A self-paced project would allow for students to still enjoy summer because it is understood that vacations, traveling, work, and many other factors may get in the way. However with a self-paced project those factors would not get in the way. It is understood that some would argue that a deadline makes that child work, in some cases yes, however, most of the time it only allows for more unneeded stress that children do not need over the summer.

In conclusion if schools require students to complete summer projects they should be self-designed because students can be creative in what they would like to do, they can demonstrate something that interests them, and they can be self-paced. Not only would it allow for children to learn about something that they are interested in, but it also allows for good mental health over the summer due to the lack of extra unneeded stress. Having student-designed projects also allows for the students to have a voice in their school community and to feel heard if they are able to create a project for themselves. 