Dear Principal,

I am writing to you to talk about the cell phone plan.

I think we should allow cell phones during lunch periods and other free times.

Having a phone around during lunch or free time isn't going to hurt anything. Teachers don't let us go to the office or use their classroom phone whenever we need them for something important, so we might as well be aloud to use our phones.

I think if you gave us students an opportunity to use there phones during lunch teachers wouldn't have to catch us in the classroom using them, because we would've already had our lunch or "free time" to use them, so we wouldn't need to anymore.

This probably sounds pretty risky but i have a few reasons on why this should be aloud.

My first reason is sometimes i forget stuff at home such as lunch or homework.

When i forget homework at home the teachers always go ballistic! but whenever i ask to go call my mom or dad to fix the problem and get my homework they say no, because we're in the middle of class.

My second reason is I like talking or texting my mom sometime in the day.

It always makes her happy when i send her a message saying I Love You Mommy or seeing how her day has been going so far.

My third reason is I have a phone.

My parents bought me a phone to use when i needed them and if I'm at school when I need them or they need me we cant get in touch because the teacher will take my phone. Once my mom had to call the front office just to ask me if she had turned the coffee pot off this morning when she could've just text me.

Another problem I have with the phone issue is the teacher taking your phone and storing it.

All they have to do is hold it for a few hours until the end of class but no they have to keep it for like 30 days until your parents comes to the school and gets it. We wouldn't have that problem if we could just use them.

I know you're are a busy principal and I'm just a student that you don't have to listen to, but I would really like for you to take this into some serious consideration.

I know that us students would really appreciate this it would be one of the best things you could do for our student body, and it's just about 30 minutes with your phone, you might even like to use yours.

Thank you for your time have a nice day.            