In the article "Driverless Cars are Coming" the author states how our technology is increasing so much today, that soon we will see cars that drive themselves. The author states some negative sides to the story, and some positive. But I think that driverless cars will help our country in many different ways, and I support it.

According to the author, he says will we even be able to make new cars because there are laws that do not allow some states to test them. According to the article, "As a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars"(9). I think car manufacturers can test their cars in a factory in some states that it is legal to do it in, and once they prove that it is safe I believe that some states will uplift the laws that they have on self driving cars.

Also many people ask, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault—the driver or the manufacturer"(9)? This is one of the main concerns of people today, but I would believe it would be the manufacturers fault since they were the ones who made the car, and designed all the parts of it. Humans should have no worry about liability for themselves because the car manufacturers should cover all the expenses that happened in the accident since they were the ones who designed the cars.

Another benifit to self driving cars is that they also would reduce half the fuel that humans use today. Accorting to the text it states, "The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today’s taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. He believes such cars would fundamentally change the world"(1). Not using half the amount of fuel today is super benificial for the enviornment since we are not polluting it nearly as much. Many people would support this because we would be help save the enviornment, and also we would not have to spend nearly as much money on gas as we normally do. Another benift is how all the cars would be safe. According to BMW,"Safety is a big concern"(8). Clearly BMW would not release the car if it was not safe, but if our country all switches to self driving cars then this will reduce the crashes, and accidents by a ton, which would be saving many lives.

Many automakers are working on developing new safety gadgets for cars, and also a couple of the automakers have alrady developed a self driving car. Tesla for example, "Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time"(10). Tesla has projected that they will release a car in 2016 that 90% of the time is on autopilot. That is this year, and when they release it all the other automakers are going to try and design a better self driving car than the tesla which could make the other manufacturers come out with a new self driving car soon also. Some other automakers have said, "Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020" (10). This is crazy so by the time 2020 at least three more auto makers predict that they will have self driving cars also. By the 2020s we should expect my self drivin cars that will be on the road.

In conclusion there are many positives/ benifits that will come out of this self driving car. Though there are some set backs that some states/ automakers will have to over come. In the end outcome it will help drivers safety, and it will help the enviornment. In the overall outcome that is why we should have self driving automobiles.    