Well,this seems like a simple question with a simple answer but knowing me ill not make this simple in the slightest. Everyone had asked for advice in there life it's common this do in daily life,but sometimes we are uncertain of the answer we get after we ask for advice. Sometimes more than one person may help with a certain problem you have or may soon have. But is talking to an extra source helpful yes, yes it is. Here ill prove it to you.

When your shopping you always wonder ''Am I getting the best price?''If not your crazy. If you do than this is one of the time multiple opinions that may help. Here is a example. your shopping for a car and the price that the dealer ship is supisously to high you would probably look for people who have that car and ask for an opinion on how much should I buy it for so you know your not being scammed out of your money or maybe you can find out a way to get a much better car at a far better price. The possibility are endless when it come to buying things. This here is another example. I have an interest in LEGOs but I always have trouble when shopping for them and its always the same problem. The price,LEGOs,they a very fun yet expensive toy,A medium sized set could be over $50! As a kid that would be all of my saving but i've found a way to get them for a far better deal than I could ever hope and I do this by asking several people during the time my neighborhood has garage sales to see if there is any way I could get my hand on some LEGOs at a great bargain that and you always have EBay.

Imagine your in school but the day before you where really sick and couldnt remember if you had a test or your homework due that that day well never fear communication is here and with it you can check all of your best sources like your friend Generic_Name or Generic_Name they are both sources you can rely on because there are your friend and they would never lead you astray,right? All jokes aside this could be super yes I said super and i'm not five but this is super helpful lets throw in another example. Your walking home when you get a text from a friend they say that spring break will now be two weeks long and your unsure but when you ask another friend and they say its two weeks long and so your convinced,but what you didnt know as well as your friends is that the school announcements were off and that there was just one week of spring break and so you now have been gone from school thinking that school was out but in reality you have just missed a whole week of school. The sad part of this story is it could have all been avoided if you just confirmed with a few more sources. This does not only apply to school though. They just the easiest of the examples.

Now I know there will be at least one person who will have no one to talk to even about this. Never fear thats why the internet is here! Seriously these day you have all of the knowledge and opinions in the world at your finger tips but not only that but hundreds of sources that will indeed confirm any question or help you with an problem or get you any advice you need. this is not the only way other than human way to ask questions and be able to confirm you answers with it books not thousands but millions of books to chose form some are for stories but many are for information,information that can be confirmed with even crossing over the internet and humans to get the best advice or information ever!

Now you know all of the many ways and reasons to get multiple responses for many things need for everyday life. So now you know that with multiple opinions and facts you can make the best choices on nearly everything except gamboling you should never get hooked on gamboling because it bad so make sure you get multiple opinions and dont gamble because its bad!