Phone's & Driving

Imagine you're driving down the highway, listening to your favorite song, and you check your phone to see if anyone has texted you back, and all of a sudden your face is on the steering wheel. You've just crashed. Now your car is wrecked and you're owing thousands of dollars to the person you've hit in front of you, all because you checked your phone. There is really only one reasonable excuse for you to use your phone while driving, which is using it for gps. But in all actuality, there should be no use of your cell phone while you're in the driver's seat, not only do you put your own life danger, but also to those who are around you, sharing the same road as you. There are many other probable causes to not use your phone while driving.

For instance, your family could be with you in the car and if you were to make the simple mistake of sending one text message, that one message could end all that. Even something as simple as picking up the phone is dangerous. Using your phone while driving raises your risk of having an accident by 400% as it states on carsguide. com (25 - 26 ).

More evidence from this same site states "In the US, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration estimated that nearly 3500 people died in distraction-related crashes in 2015" (20 - 21). If you still choose to use your phone, it only takes a couple seconds to simply pull over somewhere and answer your text or call.

The only instance where someone may be allowed to use the phone, is for gps use. The only people I can see doing that is someone going on a long trip, someone visiting from somewhere else, or an uber/lyft driver . Sometimes that's how those people make their money, evidence of this on ride. guru states " According to another study fron 2015, Uber drivers in Atlanta make $39,929 USD per year before expenses ".

Evidently, the use of phones during driving should cease to not only save your life but the life of your passengers, pedestrians, other drivers, or just anyone else sharing the road with you as well

.

Works Cited

"10 Pragmatic Reasons That Will Make You Stop Texting and Driving Today" May 1, 2019

https://driving-tests. org/beginner-drivers/10-reasons-you-shouldnt-text-and-drive/

" How much do Uber/Lyft/rideshare drivers make in Atlanta, GA?" May 20, 2018

https://ride. guru/lounge/p/how-much-do-rideshare-drivers-uber-and-lyft-make-in-atlanta-ga

"Why you really shouldn't use your mobile phone while driving" 26 Feb 2018

https://www. carsguide. com. au/car-advice/why-you-really-shouldnt-use-your-mobile-phone-while-driving-33062

2            