Human emotions allows us to see and know a lot about one person. By looking at someones facial expression it is usually easy to tell whether they are happy, sad, or angry. Everyday we will make a facial expression, even when we don't know we really are. The Facial Action Coding System can allow us to keep students in classrooms entertained while learning a lesson just by seeing there facial expressions. This is a great idea and can truly work, it will keep students focused and allow them to pay more attention in a class room setting. This can help a lot because students will be more entertained and will pay attention in class.

Millions of students go to school every single day dreading what they will learn next. Half of the time when you're in class you will look over and see one person sleeping. However, if the Facial Action Coding System is put in classrooms this could give students a chance to be more alive during a lesson. Since it is able to read our facial expressions, it can see when students are becoming bored or irritated of the lesson and switch it up a little bit. In fact, it could possibly make learning fun again. Students will no longer dread going to class all the time, and it can finally be something to look forward too.

By installing the Facial Action Coding System into classrooms, teachers would be able to understand their students emotions more, and know what to do if people are becoming distracted. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." Teahcers would be able to know if they need to switch up the lesson and make it more entertaining. This could cause less problems in students failing in school, and really change everything. In fact, if more teachers make classroom learning fun, more students will be less likely to fail.

Now, students do pay attention in classrooms, but having this new system could benefit the teachers and the students. Students could finally see the fun in learning and teachers would know that students are bored. The Facial Action Coding System is a great idea and could help out a lot in classrooms. Learning can finally be fun again.   