It is always better to have multiple opinions when asking for advice. Asking multiple people how they feel about something could make someone's decision easier. When asking for advice, people often tell someone what they think is best for him or her, so he or she might need that if he or she is in a situation where he or she doesn't know what to do. Everybody has their own opinion so not everyone will agree with each other, but seeking multiple opinions could help someone in many ways. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can make someone see from a different perspective, people will be honest and tell someone what they think is best for him or her, and he or she can compare opinions and go with the one he or she feels is best for him or her.

Specifically, asking multiple people for their opinion can change someone's perspective because the way someone says something might persuade him or her to change his or her mind about the situation he or she is in. If he or she asks someone who is very honest, the person might say something that slaps him or her in the face and makes him or her understand the situation he or she is in. That could very easily change someones mind, especially if the person asking for advice is friends with or close to the person giving advice. People usually go to their close friends or family for advice, so if he or she asks someone he or she is close with, the person giving advice will try their best to persuade him or her to think what he or she thinks about the situation. People will say things he or she thinks will make the person asking for advice agree with him or her so the person asking for advice can see the situation from the advice giver's perspective.

In addition to seeing things from a different perspective, asking multiple people for advice can help someone make a better choice because people will be honest and tell someone what they think is best for him or her, so he or she makes a logical, thought through decision. Often times, when in a tough situation, people will "go with their gut," but sometimes, that's not the best decision for the person. When "going with your gut," someone just does what he or she feels is right, but asking for multiple opinions will help someone justify his or her choice and think through what he or she wants to do. People will say what he or she thinks is best for someone even if he or she doesn't agree with him or her, and try to help someone understand why he or she thinks that is the best thing for him or her. People will be more honest with someone then he or she will be with himself or herself, which will help him or her make the best choice they can.

Also, when asking for multiple opinions, someone can compare everyone's opinion and go with the one he or she feels is best. Sometimes when asking someone he or she is friends with, his or her friend will sugar coat things and not give the best advice they can, just to try to make him or her feel better about the situation. Getting multiple people's opinions means getting more data, and the more data someone has, the better decision he or she will make. When asking multiple people for their opinion, someone can compare or put multiple opinions together to make the most logical decision. He or she can closely evaluate everyone's opinions and go with which ever one he or she feels will make them have the best decision and get the best results.

In conclusion, asking multiple people for advice can help someone in many ways like helping someone see from a different perspective, being honest and telling someone what he or she thinks is best for him or her and comparing opinions to get the decision he or she feels is right for him or her. Sometimes people might not always make the most logical decisions in tough situations so gathering multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Talking to multiple people can make someone sure of his or her decision and help them get good results so he or she doesn't look bad in the long run. Overall, asking multiple people for their opinion is always the right choice. 