When you talk to someone and you ask them, "do you have any advice on my SOL tomorrow," or, "what is the best advice you have for my future decisions?" Do they give you good or bad advice? Do they even give you helpful advice at all? I believe that listening to others can help you make good decisions, and here's three reasons why: getting their opinions, easier path, and better choices.

First things first, get their opinions. When you ask someone for their advice, ask yourself, did they go through the experience that I'm interested in. If not, I suggest to listen to their advice anyways. They could give you positive or negative info. about their experiences. Their opinions are important when it comes to asking and listening to their advice, so that it will give you the options to help you through your life, and take you on the easiest path.

Easy paths can help you pass. When getting advice, ask them if its easy or hard, or ask if it was harder than they expected. When they tell you their answers to your questions, it doesn't mean that it's easy or hard for you, and that you will expect the same way. That's not always the case; in fact, it could be really hard for you than the other because they've experienced it longer than you. They would usually give you advice that you yourself can handle pretty well, because they know that you are a beginner and that you don't know what to expect. It's always good to listen to more than one person, so you can not only take an easy path, but the best path as well.

They've experience their decisions they had before and then they give you the best option to take. They give you the most educated option, or if it'll help the person out. A good example about making the best choices is a job. You can ask if you will make descent amount of money, or if it'll help the family and be able to pay the bills of the household you live in. It's always important to ask questions, like why they'd choose their answer, about their decision. Make sure to ask more than one person because you will need multiple choices to choose from. Be sure that it will also help you out really well with your future.

Remember to ask yourself if they've given you good or bad advice, or even helpful advice at all. Always ask multiple people for their opinions, so that you can have multiple options, and choose the best choice for achieving your goal. Don't just ask your family, ask you friends and teachers. It doesn't hurt to try something you're not interested in and pick the best and easiest way. You can use the best and easiest path to get to where you wanted to be from the beginning. Just remember, I believe that listening to others can help you make good decisions in life, and that is my advice to you.