Talking to more than one person can be helpful when you need advise depending on what you need advise for, you can benefit from talking to more people. Hearing what they have to say will help you make a good choice and even make it easier for you.

For example, you could relate to them if they have been through something similar where they could give you better advise from what they learned. If you only talk to one person who hasn't gone through something similar they can't relate to you and give the helpful advise you would need. Also, if you talk to more people more people could have gone through something similar so they would be able to relate to and tell you what they learned and what they think is the best. They could help you feel better if they relate to you and give advise which could be very helpful to you.

When talking to more than one person you get their different ways of thinking which could be helpful when you need to make a choice. For example, maybe a adult you ask advise for may think more rational and make you realize the consequences that would impact on what your choice is. Maybe a friend you talk to would not and maybe they would think less about those important things. Although, one person may be more helpful it's good hearing what they would do. The different ways of thinking you get from your friends or someone who you trust can make you notice something you need to do or something you haven't noticed. Their advise could be something you think is a good idea or could just impact the choice you make.

By talking to more people it will be easier to make a good choice and make you feel confident about it. You will have the different opinions and advise they give you which would be a important of how you handle it. This will also make it easier to know what would be better for you and what you want to do. Talking to more than one person can also make you realize something you haven't realized and it could be important. Also, you will have more ideas of making a choice with all the advise you get it will make you think what would be the best for you.

Talking more people when you need advise is very helpful and will make it easier when you need to make a choice. Being able to talk to someone who has been through something similar could give you helpful advise. While you talk to more people for advise you get to see how they think differently from you or how similar you think to them which could help you notice something you haven't. It will help you make a better choice overall. So for all these reasons talking to more than one person could be very helpful to you. 