Dear every state senator of the United States of America and the District of Colombia, the Electoral College has an unfair sysytem. The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. The citizens of the U.S doesn't have a say in the desicion of whose going to be their countries leader. Hopefully these senators come to realize that it is a fair oppurtunity if citizens also have a say when the desicions are being made. For the good of the United States of America and the District of Colombia, Changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States of America would be an amazing change.

To commence with, citizens don't have a say in whose their leader. According to the Office of the Federal Register, "Each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generally chosen by the candidate's political party, but state laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilities are." No where in the process of deciding which president should be chosen , does a citizen have a say in who they want. These are citizens who work and give tax money to the state and help the important people like the senators, presidents , vice president etc., they deserve respect and have a chance to be a part of a popular vote for the president of the united states of America. Although having popular vote can still fail to satysify some masses of people , it is a way where everyone could be involved in fair desicions. "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters." The man said it himself. Bradford Plumer is against having the Electoral system. Hopefully one day state senators of the U.S. and the District of Colombia doesn't fail to realize that their system of voting for the president and vice president are unfair to the Citizens of their country. Changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States of America instead of the electoral college because citizens aren't having a say in any important decisions.

Furthermore, desicions may fall into the wrong hands. "Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown to the house of representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. (The senate would choose the vice-president.)" The election is only a few swing voters away from a disaster. What if the house of representatives only has one political party? then does the president who is in that political party always win? There are so many reasons why citizens should have a chance to have vote by direct popular votes, that way descions wont fall into the wrong hands.

In conclusion, the state senates should consider making a new sysytem of voting;changing to election by popular votes.                     