My views on technology being used to read students emotional expressions is, that I am against this idea in certain cases. I feel like this could go agaisnt someones privacy and the way others can view them in certain different ways they did before. I don't believe that people should use technology to figure out if someone is feeling sad, happy, angry, confused etc.. because it is there privacy and not for anyone else to know unless you tell them so.

Another reason I can give is that the technology is almsot pointless when we can do this ourselves, they say it themselves "For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling by the simple look on their face" The technology isnt needed when we can do this with our very own two eyes, The point of the techhnology is to give an accurate hypothosis of how we are feeling when we can give that just by talking to someone. There has been times where I've been texting people and know what there emotions is like just by texting them, when we get to know someone well enough we can sense if something is bothering them. This technology on the other hand takes that part of building a relationship with someone to a lower level, you would already know their emotions even in the classroom.

The last example I have is the fact that people can fake there emotons and people do it all the time. It is a tendency and human nature to put on a mask to hide if we are sad or hurt by something because at times we dont wanna hurt people. We could hide the way we feel all we want, because the computer doesnt know whats on the inside, it knows whats on the outside, which in another example in the first sentence saying "She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry" That is an example of the Leonardo Da Vinvi's "Mona lise" the question I have is how do we know thats how she actually feels? He doing a portait not telling her to show how she really feels while he paints. What I am getting at is, it is easy to put on a mask when everything does feel okay.

In conclusion, I don't think this technology is a bad idea, but I feel like it is not needed when we can figure it out just as much the computer can, just maybe not as on point so to speak, but it is someones privacy and not anyones elses unless the person chooses to say.