Dear senater

I think you should change the election to the most popular vote because, the citizens should have a say on who they want running the country, it would make the process of voting for a new president a lot easer, and it will encorage more people to vote.

I think you should change the election to the most popular vote because, the citizens should have a say on who they want running the country. Citizens should be able to make this choice because they are the ones that have to live with any new laws that are passed and made my the president. If the people voted for the president and the one they voted for one it would make them happy and exited to see what he will do with the country. If you where a voter and you only had the chance to vote for somebody that would vote for him thats not fare you would want to vote for the president yourself.

Another reason why I think you should change the election to most popular vote is it would make the process of voting for a new president a lot easer. It would make it a lot easer by not having to vote for one person to vote for the president. In this procces there is multiple steps to doing it and I think it is a huge hastle to go through it when you could just let the citizens decide. If you did change it this way it would cost less money and stress on the people that have to help with this long proccess.

My last reason why I think you should change the election to the most popular vote is because, it would encourage more people to vote. Right now people dont really care if they vote or not because some feel like they really have no say in it. The people would care about voting more if ther vote was going to who will the next president be this makes them want to vote. Imagine if you where a voter would you really want to go vote for somebody thats not going to be the president? If you change it and let citizens decide you will have a lot more voters.

I think you should change the election to the most popular vote is because, the citisens should have a say on who they want running the country, it would make the procces of voting for a new president a lot easer, and it will encourage more people to vote. And this is what I think you should do to better the procces    