Have you ever thought to yourself, "should I ask for multiple opinions on this question?" Asking for multiple opinions could help you make better choices. It could also help you make choices even if they are not the best. Like if they make you happy but somebody else not. If your having a situation and you ask what to do, then if multiple people say the same thing you could consider their choices. A couple reasons why that it might be important are that most of the time majority wins, you could get better reasoning to different answers, and also get support on the answer you choose.

First off, if majority wins you should try to consider their answer because maybe if people choose the same answer then they are most likely leading you to the right answer. Or maybe they are just thinking about it in a different way and have better support on their answer then you have on your answer. For example, If you make three lines and each line has a different answer, but there are more people in one line then the other, then maybe you should get each persons opinion and see if they are thinking about it the same way as the other people in the line.

Next, most people have better reasoning on opposite answers than you do. If there are more people on one answer than the other, then you could get the reason why they chose the answer and it could have better reasons on that answer than you would have thought about. Sometimes they might come up with reasons that might make you wanna change your answer. Most of the time they wanna persuade you to choosing a better answer. They might be able to back up their answer better than you could back up yours.

Finally, if somebody chooses a different answer then you they could still support you on your answer. Maybe they would say, "I can see why you chose that answer but," and then continue to tell you why yours was good but why they wouldn't choose that answer. Or give you support and say something like, "If you feel confident then you can go with your answer," and then give them support on their answer.

To wrap it up. It's better to ask for others opinion on a question or problem you have. You never know what they could come up with and also don't know the evidence they have behind their answer. So whenever you ask for others opinions always ask for why they chose that answer.