Distant learning gives students the ability to learn from home. Sometimes students can not properly work at school because of bullies or issues with their family.

With the availability of technology, there are so many options regarding homework and even full classes. High school and even middle school students who switch to distant learning, home bound, have less chances of graduating and they are not able to grow at the means of their peers. Distant learning will not benefit students because they have less social interaction, no attendance requirements, no foundational structure.

Students going home bound for school does not allow them to have the social interaction they would in a classroom setting with the teachers and other students. On average, class sizes have grown to around 25 to 30 students. If a student has seven classes a day, then they will possibly be interacting with 200 or more students. Being in classes with other students the same age allows children and young adults to compare things in their lives together and even help each other succeed in that subject. On the other hand, it is beneficial for students to have interaction with their instructors. Physically being in a classroom with their teachers allows for an immediate response to any questions or confusion that might be had. This also allows the students and teachers to get to know each other on a more personal level and build stronger relationships. Just watching lecture videos does not meet the need for human interaction to learn and grow.

Everyone says things like, "I will do it later." or "I do not need to worry about doing that." Highschool students who do all of their schooling from home might continuously say these things and eventually stop doing their work. If someone has no responsibility of having to physically be at school, they are going to do what they want to do in all of their free time; therefore the online school work does not get done. Students like to make excuses as to why their homework did not get completed, but a student on home bound could simply say their internet went out or their computer is not working and easily get out of doing their assignments. Since there is no way to prove attendance, there is no specific place a student on home bound has to be at any particular time, which allows them to possibly get into trouble with their parents or even the law. Students physically going to school have to be accounted for and if too much time is missed, then action is taken by the school board and law enforcement.

Distant learning does not allow for appropriate attendance and leads to school work being incomplete. By not doing the work, nothing is learned and students are uneducated.

The students doing all of their classes online have no foundational structure built into their lives. Students at a young age develop skills and structure by going to school. They have to adjust to being around so many other kids the same age. For example, gym class. Every student had to learn how to dress out in a timely fashion and get used to exercising regularly in front of other people. Students can not learn these basic skills through a computer.

Home bound learning is all done online, but a student can not take physical fitness online. They can not take track or football online. Also without some form of structure, students do not learn time management like they would by having to get up and go to school on time or participating in school activities. If someone had to get up early to catch the bus, go to class, then go to practice after school, they have been set up to be an adult in a career field with a full schedule. Students doing distant learning do not learn those skills and become put at a disadvantage for their future.

On the other hand, online classes benefit those who are mature enough to handle themselves, such as adults and those paying for college classes. Highschool students are not developed enough to be set free to do work assigned on their own time. There are some students that academically care and would take their work seriously, but a vast majority would not. In college, students are paying to have top of the line teaching to further their knowledge in a specific field to eventually gain a career in. Additionally, adults who want to earn higher degrees but do not have time to sit in a classroom benefit from distant learning classes because they can do them when they have time. Those students also have a choice and that allows them to fit their classes in with their needs. High school students have to take the classes required by their state, so they should stay in the classroom setting until they have the ability to choose their career path in college.

Distant learning is not beneficial to students in higschool or younger on a normal basis. If all students turn to this method of learning, the next generations will be under prepared for the "real world." School needs to be a main factor in building young lives and pushing them to be the most successful they can be. Because of the immaturity and lack of control, younger students should not be able to have this option. Students need social interaction, physical attendance, and a foundational structure in their live, but distance learning does not give them that.