Dear Mr. Senator,

There are many ways to go about elections of any kind, as you may know vey well seeing that you have been in one or more yourself. This country is about the will of the people supported by their government to excel and achieve the various goals they may very well have. Voting is one of those insintives people revieve, and how it is set up is an important part of that. We should keep relying on the Electoral College to succeed in keeping our country a democracy.

Having the Electoral College is a safe way to ensure that all people in every state get to voice their opinion while still keeping in mind the majority as a priority. As stated by author Richard A. Posner, people vote for a slate of electors, not the president, whom are entrusted to vote for the presidential candidate they represent. The number of electors is determined by the population of the state, which basically means the number of members in that state's House of Representatives and two for the Senate, as stated in Source 1: What Is the Electoral College? This ultimately would provide fair numbers for the overall count without making the smaller states feel insignificant.

Even with the smaller states being fairly included people argue that candidates do not pay attention to them and disreguard their overallvotes so we should switch to popular votes. These accusations may be true in a sense but what is to be expected if they dont account for as much or maybe they are already accounted for as "decided", as stated by Richard P. Would you campaign in a place like that? Especially since having elections be decided by popular votes could result in run-off elections to which no clear winner is evident, they would result in a tie, as included by Richard A. Posner. Having a tied election would end up giving the HOR overall election power, as presented in Source 1: What Is the Electoral College, so their arguement is not considerate of all possibly outcomes.

All in all, sticking with the Electoral College seems to be the best bet for our democratic country. Electors are trustworthy, with few faults, and the system is set up in a way that is fair to all. Keeping this system just making elections easy, fair, and helps to prevent ties and future headaches for all whom are involved    