Driverless cars have many postiive and negative effects and ideas that they could have on our world.

The driverless car that Google cofounder Sergey Brin invisions "would use half the fuel of today's taxis." (P1)

This would allow for the United States to purchase less fuel and in the end prevent us from spending so much money.

These kind of cars would be a great help to anyone making a long distance trip.

You could begin your trip one day and fall asleep and have driven several hours.

The idea has been tested by many different companies and is still being developed to this day.

Driverless cars would be a great benefit to the people of America, it would allow for people to save money on gas, and not have to worry about crashing because the car would drive itself.

With all of the sensors and other driverless cars, it would seem that the manufacturers could prevent accidents.

I believe that driverless cars could be a great benefit to this country, but they cannot replace all cars with them.

We still need fire trucks and police vehicles to keep people safe, but they would have a great impact on our nation.

One way that some companies are making driverless cars is by using "smarter roads." (P3)

General Motors for expample designed a concept car that could run on a special test track.

This track would send radio signals to the front end of the car.

Another way that some companies are trying to make driverless cars are by using sensors.

Google modified a Toyota Prius with "position-estimating sensors, a rotating sensor, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor." (P4)

Google used all of these sensors in different ways to begin to develop their own version of the driverless car.

The driverless car has been attempted by many different companies and each one has their own version with their own flaws.

Driverless cars seem to be a thing of the future, but in reality it could be here before we know it.

With all the different technology and all the money some of these big companies have it is a wonder the driverless car is not invented already.

The different companies have designed driverless cars now that still require the assistance of a driver.

The cars can brake, accelerate, and stop by themselves.

"All are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." (P7)

This allows for some people to argue that driverless cars are not reliable, and it is not that at all.

Driverless cars have no way of knowing what to do in a situation like that.

The smart thing is to have the driver take over in that spot and would prevent a potential accident.

The problem with this is that the car needs some way of notifying the driver if he falls asleep.

Some designers have thought to use a vibration in the seat to alert the driver.

The Google car for example has a voice that announces when the driver needs to take over.

"Other options under consideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other heads-up displays." (P7)

One big argument when it comes to driverless cars is the potential for an accident.

The worry is that if the technology in the car quits working and the car crashes, who do you blame?

To me it seems like the manufacturer should be blames since they designed the car with the technology that failed.

The driver had no control over the technology, he just had to wait until the car needed his assistance.

This argument is one of many when it comes to driverless cars and it is an important one.

If the car crashes somedbody has to get blamed and if the driver is not actually driving why would he get blamed.

This could be one debate that pushes back the release of the driverless car until someone comes up with a compromise.

In conclusion, I believe that driverless cars would be a great benefit to our country as a whole.

I assume and hope that a company will release a driverless car in the next few years to allow me to experience such a thing.

It would be like a roller coaster.

You do not know how you are going to get where you are going and do not know how bumpy the ride will be but it will be an adventure.

That is what intrigues me the most about driverless cars, the adventure that is coming.

"Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time.

Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020." (P10)

This just makes me even more excited for the release of driverless cars, it could happen in the next 4 years.

A driverless car would be a great invention and would allow the United States to make money if they were able to produce it and sell it.

Driverless cars are coming to us soon and they are going to excite many people because of the technology put into it, and also the seemingly magic wayt hat it drives you.

"The road to the truly autonomous car stretches on ahead of us, but we grow closer to the destination every day." (P10)