Throwing clothes all around the room, this is a feeling that all girls know. What to wear today? Human minds are plagued by making the right choice. Every day we have to choose between many different things. Most people ask for advice on a number of things, but only talk to one person. When asking people for advice, I think that you should seek answers from more than one person because two heads are better than one, others can be unbiased, and you may not get the answer from one person.

If you have ever heard the saying, "Two heads are better than one," you will know how true it is. Getting a second opinion is crucial when making a decision and could be a matter of life or death. It's important to seek council from more than one person in very many instances, in fact, I believe you should always get a second opinion on everything. Decision making is hard, but different people will have a unique standpoint on what you are asking.

Other people also might be unbiased. If you are asking for advice, it is important not to let bias get in the way. One person might be holding a grudge to something while others might not. Sometimes the answer you seek is not going to be one that you like, and bias gets in the way of deciding what's right. One person's grudge may be getting in the way of a choice, decision, or their advice. If you talk to two different people there is a less likely chance that a bias will be in the way of their advice.

Lastly, you may not get the right answer from just one person. Often times, you will not find the answer from the first person you ask. Actually, it might take several people to get the right answer. Normally, the answer will seem to just pop up, and it is probably not going to be from the first person you asked. Although it might seem to, advice doesn't come from thin air, and not even your most trusted friend will be able to just make it appear.

All in all, it really is important to seek advice from more than one person. From what outfit to wear, friend advice, or even what to buy, the safe option would be to ask more than one person for their opinion on the matter. I believe that you should ask for advice from more than one person because two heads are better than one, others can be unbiased, and you may not get the answer from one person. 