In this passage, the author uses evidence to support the idea that human curiosity should overpower and enable us to explore the unknown and seemingly impossible regardless of the risks or repercussions. Venus, Earth's closest neighbor to the sun, poses one of these risks that could be overcome by desires of humanity. Despite its realtion in size and distance to Earth, Venus is much different and inhabitable for humans due to its thick atmosphpere corrosive atmosphere. Though it seems that true exploration of our sister planet could never be completed, isn't it worth the risk to discover as much as we can for the saie of humanity and its curiosity? The author of this passage seems to think so and does a great job of explaining why further exploration of Venus needs to occur regardless of the obstacles.

First, the author notes a specific way in which humans can encounter Venus' landscape and conditions that is both safe and productive. In this way, a form of spacecraft would not come in direct contact with Venus' surface, but it would hover above its atmosphere and be able to collect data on the dily occurences on Venus. This circumstance would allow humans to study Venus for themselves instead of a ship that would send data back to a base on Earth. The author also notes that researchers are developing ways to allows spacecraft to survive the conditions on Venus for a long enough period to collect data from its surface. Based on the type of technology that we have today, systems like these can be improved to resist the extreme conditions of Venus itself. If scientists are able to make products on Earth that could last through simulated versions of Venus here, then there should be no debate whether its worth a shot or not.

Overall, the author makes great use of the evidence they have to support the idea that Venus is worth exploring despite its obstacles. They also do a great job of looking into the developments and possiblities of the future that can further enable scientists and researchers to fulfill the desires to learn more about Venus. They wrap up their essay by saying that the exploration of the unknown should not be pushed aside because of the obstacles presented within it, which is a great overview of the side in favor of adventuring through Venus altogether.    