When you're driving you are harming the planet. Allot of people do not realize the impact that they are making on the enviroment. Besides the fact that youre releasing toxins into the air driving is also dangerous and you can harm other people if youre not careful. There should be limited car usage for multiple reasons. It is much cheaper to ride a bike, in some places when you own a car you have to pay seperatly for a garage to put it in and you also need to buy a car and cars are not cheap. Riding youre bike places is better for the enviroment and will save you money that otherwise would have to be pent on a car and putting gas in it. Also if there is limited car use then the green house gas emmision could be lowered. Another reason is that people who are driving are likely to be tense and when you're on a bike you could be much happier than driving a car everywhere.

When you own a car there is alot of maintnence that goes into the car. Also when you own a car you need to put gas in the car. In places like Germany there are very few places to park a car and they also have to pay to put it into a garage. Owning a car could be a very costly deal and it would be much easier to ride a bike down the street to the market or other places that you need to go.

The green hosue gas emission in the United States is up to fifty percent. Driving cars everywhere is ruining our enviroment. We need this earth to last as long as we can and polluting it is not going to help us. Riding your bike places is an efficent way of transportation it may not be the fastest but it will get you where you need to go without polluting our earth. Driving cars is not only polluting our earth but it is also killing people, irresponsable drivers that drive under the infuence have killed dozens of people. Riding a bike is much more safe.

It is said that allot of people are tense when they are driving and that giving up driving has made people much happier and less stressed. When you give up driving you also give up the stresses of driving and makes you hapier.

If there is a limited use on driving it could make you ess stressed, it could lessen the pollution on earth, and it could save you money and get you to places safer and cheaper than driving a car.    