Though some schools don't require giving out projects to complete over the summer, others do to make sure students are learning throughout their summer. Assuring that they move forward with their learning process during the summer, students should be able to do their own project based on how they would want it to be designed. Because students are designing their own project, they will be able to showcase all the knowledge they have gained throughout the school year.

Furthermore, with students being able to design their own project, they will express to the teacher everything they have been taught. Showing the teacher your perspective on the information you have processed won't be repetitive or something he/she has seen before, it would be a clean slate and something original to be looking forward too. Every student may have something different or similar. For example creating a poster, PowerPoint or summary of what you've learned. Taking all the information learned may be a difficult task but if you do it in your own way it might not be as hard. Being a student myself I would love to do a self designed project because it would show my own creativity and thoughts put behind the project.

Some may argue that teachers shouldn't be able to design their projects to students because it wouldn't allow students to be open minded about their project, instead it would most likely have to be something narrow or specific in which every student will have nearly the exact same project. For example teachers usually end up assigning the same exact projects to every student, not letting them branch off in their own way. However, this argument presumes that all teachers don't let their students be creative in their own way by assigning similar assignments or projects. As teachers have control on what they assign to students, they should put in a little more thought into what they want their students to do. We as students are capable in doing the projects our teacher assigns us do it but it wouldn't be too much fun or diverse if everyone had nearly the same information and knowledge on every project given.

This is education that students will eventually bring to society and the economy. Will we students let the teacher become the shepherd and us become the sheep, or will we lead our own future and become the shepherd. Therefore, letting students use their creativity and knowledge to create or lead their own project would be more helpful because it would showcase something authentic to the teacher. Instead of having the teacher assign the same project that every student will have, which would limit the students capability to expand on the given project. In conclusion, having the student design their own project would be the better option than having your teacher assign to you. 