Dear Senator of the United States,

I am a student in Miami Senior High School and I've been learning a lot about the Electoral College Vote. I know that the Electoral College is a process in the system and it consists of the selection of the electors and you don't want to get rid of it but I've got some reasons why you should remove it.

I've been reading about the Electoral College Vote and I found a passage that is full of details about how the Electoral College is affecting us, the citizens of the United States. The passage, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong", states that, "-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." This is trying to say that the citizens don't like the fact that we don't even vote for a president anymore, we just vote for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. The electoral college vote isn't giving us the opportunity to pick a president we want to win and we sometimes even get confused about the electors and the candidate we decide to choose. This makes it really hard for all of us to have the rights of voting.

Also, I found another quote that supports our thoughts, it says, "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states." What we're trying to say is that we need a chance in choosing who we want to win in an election. In my opinion, the electoral college vote is unfair to all the voters. Most citizens do agree with what Bob Dole said one day: "Abolish the electoral college!"

To sum it all up, there are some positive things about the electoral college. In the passage I found called "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" says that, "Obama received 61. 7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney..". However, we just want the electoral college vote to be abolished because the citizens would appreacite to have a chance in voting for a president by our opinion. I think that the popular vote is a better way to let us do this because it depends on the voters and who they chose for. This way, it will be equal for all of us.

I would like to thank you for taking your time to read this letter and to think about the thoughts that some of the citizens in the United States have in mind. Your service is appreacited by all of us.

Sincerely,

A Student in Miami Senior High School      