The electoral college, a mistake?  Many Americans are unsatisfied with the electoral college and the system it follows.  The electoral college has disapointed millions of Americans of any social class.  According to

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

, by Bradford Plummer, " Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of the electors, who in turn elect the president."  America should abolish the electoral college as it has upset 60 percent of americans and elected unwanted Presidents.

"This year voters can expect another close election in which the polular vote winner could lose the presidency", as said by Bradford Plummer.  Every year Americans fall stricken by dissapointment from the electoral college.  The system of the electoral college is a poor representation of american ideals as canidates do not even bother spending time in non-swing states. According to Bradford Plummer, in the 2000 campaign seventeen states did not even see the canidates at all and 25 percent of the largest media markets did not even see a single campaign ad.  As previously proven, the electoral college must be abolished due to the unfairness of its system.

The electoral college believers say that the electoral college stops disaster from happening, this is false.  As Americans vote they vote for a slate of electors, which definitly creates a loss of the opposing or minority votes. This is because of the winner-takes-all system that the electoral college runs off of. When the majority of the votes is accounted for, the minority votes are basically thrown away in a sense.  Also, the electoral college ruins the chance of a more correct voting experience for old and new voters, making Americans ashaimed and unwilling to vote because of the feeling of their vote meaning nothing or perhaps being crippled by the electoral college.

When the founding fathers of America created the electoral college it was an age without technology, making the electoral college a grand idea. Long ago, the electoral college served a patriotic and noble purpose as their was no technology and much less people.  In todays age of technology, the record keeping and election process could not get any better as long as the electoral college is abolished and never reincarnated.  The electoral college abolishes individual votes for the majority, crippling  the American voting experience and smuthering it in shame and dissapointment.  The electoral college is outdated in many ways and should be dismissed from America.

In conclusion, the electoral college is shaming Americans from every state.  This system should be permanantly abolished becuase of its lack of fairness and reliability. Every American vote should count just as much as its opposing vote instead of being dismissed.  Free the vote and let the electoral college be forever dismissed of its dutys.            