Dear Principal,

I know you are debating whether or not to require all students to partake in community service, and I'd like to offer some insight on what I think about this subject. I believe that many students would be reluctant to perform community service, some for simply being lazy, while others genuinely have a busy schedule on a day to day basis, and simply wouldn't have the time to do community service. I believe that both the community and even the children themselves could benefit from doing community service, however if it is against their will, I don't think something like this should be forced upon kids.

Many children nowadays do a lot of extracurricular activities in and out of school, these activities are mostly sports, musically oriented activities, and artistic activities. Most kids love the extracurricular activities they do, and they have probably been doing them for years. To take that away from somebody, is to change a part of that person's life, without their consent. Children already have most of their choices made for them, and if you simply require community service to be completed by kids, then I believe they will revolt, and maybe even rebel against doing that type of work.

Doing this to kids is like treating them as second class citizens. Adults are not forced to do things such as this, so why should children? We also have hopes and dreams, although we are not fully developed physically and mentally, we still have the ability to think, and to feel, just as you do. If you were forced to do something such as this, how would you feel? Along with not being able to drive, to stay out at night, and many other things you were once prohibited of doing, and we still are today. We only have one childhood, one chance to do all the stupid things we want to do before we have to become serious, and truly enter the world as adults.

If you can remember what it's like to be a child, to see the world, as my peers and I do, you would understand where I come from when I say these things. Our lives aren't difficult, but they soon will be, from high school, to college, to working, right now is the only time we are truly free from the bonds of labor. So please Principal, please let us enjoy our youth to the fullest, and do not make us have to perform community service, without our consent. I'm sure many children at our school would be grateful if your decision reflects the feelings of yourself, but of the entire school community. Thank you for reading this letter.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME      