My opinion on online schooling from home is that I believe that there are a lot of benefits with it and at the same time problems. I mostly beleive that there are going to be problems with being schooled from online. Many people believe that it might be better and some might not it's all a persons opinion on it, everyone learns different in my head. I believe that the problem from being taught online is that you're not getting the help you would be able to get in class like actual 1 on 1 learning. I don't think that students are able to learn as much as they actually would in an online classroom instead of an actual one because students just aernt as focused at home than they are at school. Your home is mainly a place to relax for most people and that's my biggest concern because students just want to lay in bed, play games, or hangout with friends because that's what I'd rather do. In my opinion student's these day's are getting lazier and far more irresponsible and it's affecting their school day to day life. I just don't believe students will get the right understanding of what their learning if it was taught from their home online. Say If I were to be schooled online from home, sure it'll be easier but at the same time it would be harder for me because I always ask questions in class and im saying it'll be harder to explain because you can't just simple show your teacher your work and tell them to explain it. Students who play sports as well, I wrestle for the school team for the past 3 years I'm a junior now and up coming senior and school has effected my athletic life. How would being an athlete work anymore because in my opinion it wouldn't even matter because we don't even goto school anymore and just learn from online. Think about how much changing to online schooling would effects a perosns life because a current problem in the world right now is the coronavirus and schools are planning on doing schooling online as well. Think aboout all the seniors and up coming senions sports seasons that are coming up, they're all about to be ruined because of the virus and It's going to effect their life and mainl a path to a scholarship. I do consider somethings to be good about online schooling though not evenything is bad. I believe students who tend to wake up late are still able to just wake up and review what they missed in a seperate call/email talk with their teacher. In my own opinion I wouldn't mind it even though it'll effect how I learn because I would prefer 1 on 1 but I'd be able to adapt to it. A bonus to being schooled online it that you're in a comfortable place and you'll be able to relax easily due to the comfort of you're own home. A big problem I would actually have and some people might have as well is that some people don't have internet and they can't just do it from their phone because some people also don't have hotspot which would cause some problems. My opinion on being schooled from home is a very mixed opinion because there are a lot of pros and cons to it. My overall opinion is that I don't believe it would be a good idea because of how many problems there would be. It would be to take to much time and I know for a fact a lot of time would be wasted to try to fix problems if they did do online schooling. Say if there were some mistake on the classes in online schooling, they're just going to waste even more time on fixing it than they are actually teaching the students. That is my reason why I believe why online schooling would not be better than in person learning.