I disagree with the decision that every student has to participate in an extracurricular activity. Imagine being forced to do something you dont want to do, your not going to have any passion for it because you would most likely be against it. People dont need to participate in those activities and some examples of reasons they do not need to participate are: some kids have out of school commitments, some need to spend time with their families, and some people might even have other responsibilities like taking care of their siblings.

One reason I disagree with this decision is because some people might have out of school commitments already, and cant commit to another group or dont have the time for another group because they already have one. The one thing the principle needs to reconsider is how busy some students schedules are already, and now they are being forced to join another extracurricular activity. Whether its sports, book clubs , or a religious group, they all have one thing in common and that is commitment, and that trust will probably be broken if they seem like they arent committed to their group just because of this new rule. The principle should not expect his students to respect this rule and should expect that this decision will cause some problems with him and the students.

Another reason I disagree with this decision is because some people use their extra time to spend with their families. Spending time with family is very important to a lot of people, because you never know the last time you'll see them, and that makes that time they share even more special to them. Some might even only see their parents a few hours a day for example lets say school ends at 2:15 and their parents are usually working until 4 but leave again around 8, and they are still stuck at school maybe working on a project that group is doing, or practicing drills, or whatever their group might be doing until maybe 5! . That one hour they had spent with a school group ,that probably not help them at all because they are being forced to do it, they could have been spending it with family.

And the last reason I disagree with this decision is because people might have responsibilities outside of school like taking care of their siblings. Just like I was mentioning in my last reason is that some parents work a lot, and might not be able to afford a babysitter or a fancy nanny, so the oldest is always left in charge of their siblings and many people might be able to relate to this type of situation, being left at home having to care for your younger siblings. Something very important the principle needs to consider is how home life is for his students and if they would even have the time to have another responsibility stacked on top of them. Not being passionate about it or just not wanting to do it

I believe students have way more important things to do like take care of little siblings then a silly old extra activity at school.

In conclusion this new rule is not fair to the students who are already participating in extra activities, have other responsibilities or are just busy with things outside of school, and students should have the freedom to choose what they do with their free time. The principle might not know if students have way more important things to do with their time and he really needs to think about this decision and the impact it is going to have on his students. I believe if we try and protest this new rule that it can be changed. 