In life people will have problems that they will need advice on how to deal with them. If they only have one choice on dealing with something, then it would not be as fair as if they had multiple choices. The more choices a person has on one problem, the better life and the outcome will be for that person weather it is about life, a relationship, or maybe a friend.

when you are in a relationship, you need to always have a group of friends that you can go to and talk about your problems with your partner. For a example, lets say your partner lies to you about something that is not really important but important at the same time. You go talk to a friend about it and they tell you to go retaliate and you end up losing your partner forever over something that was not worth losing them. If you go to a group of friends and they all give you different ways of dealing with it then you can think about which one is better for everyone. Having choices make everything easier in life.

Another example would be school, think about your grades, group of friends that you hang out with, and about yourself. Lets say you have a big test coming up this week but you wanna play the game with your buddies so you ask your group of friends who do not get good grades what you should do and they say to forget about the test and go play with them. then you ask your grandma or grandpa who have already been through all of that and they tell you to go study. Now you have choices you can either go play the game and take that chance on getting a bad grade or study for the test and possibly get a great grade.

Finally about this thing we call life. Lets say this is your first year in high school and you feel like everything is ripping you apart, so you talk to your older family members and they all give you different responses. You now have been given choices, you can choose to keep trying to be the coolest and most popular kid in the school or be the smartest in the school and start focusing on keeping your grades up and go somewhere in life.

People will always need choices in life or more people will end up ruining their lives because they feel like they do not have a choice. When people have choices they think of the outcome of each choice and that helps them pick which one is right. this is why the more choices you have the better your life will turn out.  