Many schools already offer some students to be home schooled. Those specific individual students have a good reason as to why they need to be home schooled. Whether they have been bullied or have social anxiety, whatever the case may be, they have a reason for being home schooled. It benefits those students more than it would if they were to go to a regular public school. These benefits from being home schooled can teach them valuable life lessons, and teach many of them how to become independent.

Everywhere a person goes there is always a chance for them to get sick. They will possibly pick up nasty germs, especially at a public school. There are a lot of different viruses that go around every year, and throughout the year. Some of the diseases or viruses can even be deadly. Thats one of the reasons why its beneficial to be home schooled. That way no one will have to worry about other people being around them who are sick. And they wont have to worry about picking up any illness or germs that someone else has. Also if a student does become very ill on their own and cant get out of bed or cant go out the house because they are to afraid to get anyone else sick. Then they can still stay home and be able to do school work, and get it done and turned in on time. They can still be very successful in school even when they are sick and need to stay home.

Home schooling can be very helpful and peaceful for people who have very bad anxiety. Possibly even a great fear of public speaking. Most people in school get very nervous when it comes to a presentation. They dont want to get up in front of the whole class and talk, because they might have a fear that someone is going to judge them or bully them for their work. Some students would rather just talk, or share their work with the teacher in person face to face. Thats also why being home schooled is a great option for students that suffer with anxiety. They wont ever have to be upset or be worried about what other people think. They wont have to freeze up and panic about speaking in front of a classroom full of kids. They also wont need to stress anymore over public speaking. Now that they are offered the chance to be home schooled, they can live in peace and not worry about any of those things happening anymore.

Although most parents would want their kids to be more socially active and to be going to school,

Its more beneficial to have offered home schooling to everyone. Just in case they do have a certain situation at their home or in their life where they need to be alone in order to concentrate and get work done. Principals have so many students in their school to where they do not have the time to connect on a personal level with most students. They dont have time to figure out if they have anxiety or if they struggle with speaking. So half the time principals dont even know about the certain situation going on in someones life. Thats why students, and parents of the student, need to speak up for whats best for their child. That way they are able to get the education they need. Also that way they can be more successful.

To better the education and health rates of others, all schools need to offer home schooling to everyone. Before the school year begins principals and the staff need to make it public and known to every parent and student that being home schooled is an option. The student needs to have a big part in the decision and their voice needs to be heard. By doing this, it will limit the amount of illnesses going around the school . It will also eliminate bullying, depression, fear of speaking in public places, and anxiety. These specific things are what tear students apart. Going to school makes them anxious for no reason. So offering home schooling to not only individuals but everyone, can make a world of difference.  