The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. Venus is like Earth's sister planet. It is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size. There could have been life on Venus at one point. Venus has been difficult to study according to NASA. In the essay it is stated that "Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system." Due to this there is erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes.

Venus is Earth's sister-planet and scientists have speculated it to one have been the most " Earth-like planet in our solar system." Venus is the closest planet to Earth relative to density and size. Venus once had features like Earth, which included being covered with oceans, and could have even supported various forms of life. Venus has valleys, mountains and craters, the same as Earth does.

The atmosphere of Venus and the planet itself is difficult to examine. Venus' atmosphere is estimated to be coated with 97% of carbon dioxide. The clouds are made up of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. On the surface of Venus, its temperature could average over 800 degress farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is sometimes 90 times greater that what it is on Earth.

NASA has an idea for sending humans to study Venus. NASA's solution to the violent conditions of the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above it. A vehicle that is basically a blimp, hovering 30 miles or greater above Venus' landscape. NASA's idea for the "blimp" could possibly be a breakthrough because the "blimp" would be able to avoid the harsh conditions that is going on below. Although the vehicle would be above the surface, the temperature would still be 170 degrees farenheit.

The author supports the idea that pursuing Venus is worthy.

NASA's solutions to the violent conditions could help get different types of samples. Earths sister-planet could possibly be sustaining life. Despite its dangers it is important to study Venus. NASA exploring the planet from surface or above would still be a breakthrough.    