For many kids summer is a time to be free and enjoy a break from school. With that being said, many students live a non continues learning life at home because they are to consumed by all of the activities going on. On the other hand adults tend to be responsible and know how to structure play and work time. I know that if I was given a project by the teacher to do I would more likely do it then if I was supposed to learn it by myself. Both teachers and students would benefit more if teachers created the project because the project would be easier to complete while having an academic base, it would be a lot easier for teachers to grade, and structural students wouldn't feel the pressure of having to come up with a tedious project for them.

As a child I was always excited for summer and my teachers use to tell me "make sure you read over the summer". During summer I would never read, write, or do anything related to school because It wasn't a required thing. We didn't have to keep reading logs so I was expected to do it by myself. I feel that many kids relate to this experience because as a kid you don't feel like doing work unless you have to do it. If guidelines are provided, the child will be able to get things done when things are due, while having tons of free time over the summer. Kids are also their for the the fun part of the experiment and would most likely not apply any educational aspects to it if they designed it, where as teachers would.

Even though kids play a major factor in learning, so do teachers and you need to consider there opinions as well. During the summer, teachers have a break too and it shouldn't be spent grading projects that all have different concepts. When teachers provide a rubric with exactly what they want, all they have to do is check off boxes that see if the student had completed the requirements. Where as if a student was to come up with a completely out of the ordinary topic the teacher would have to spend a tedious amount of time grading different projects. Teachers want to be able to relax and enjoy the time off just as much as kids do.

The other day I was asked a question for the yearbook. The question was "are you more creative or more structured?" While growing up I have struggled coming up with ideas for projects that incorporate academics, creativity, and excitement. Like many I have always been the type of person that has needed guidelines, like specific instructions. Due to many experiences relating to this, I know not all kids have creative mindset, many have structured like me so it would be a challenge for them to come up with an idea.

There could be many different arguments regarding this topic like students need to explore creativity, but I feel that mine is the most viable and logical based on the different facts that I have provided. Students exploring creativity and learning are two different things. Creativity is the fun part that many students would excel in and forget about the academic prospect of the project. If teachers didn't structure the projects, things would be chaotic and unfair to students that didn't have a creative mind set. This Idea benefits both the student and the teacher where as if a student were to design it, it wouldn't benefit neither. Both the teachers and students would be wasting there time on coming up with a project or grading the final product. Overall this way satisfy s all of the needs for an academic project over the summer.