The Facial Action Coding System is a new software that enables computers to identify human emotions. This software detects how other people are feeling even if they are trying to hide their emotions. Prof. Thomas Huang, of the Beckman Institute of Advanced Science at the University of Illinois, is the creator of this expectacular software. The use the Facial Action Coding System to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is helpful.

This computer software works with emotion algorithms. According to the passage, "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles." Mona Lisa, Leonardo da Vinci's Renaissance painting, was tested with this software. A recent study shows that Mona Lisa is 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, 2 percent angry. The Facial Action Coding System uses video imagery, the new emotion-recognition software tracks these facial movements. The text also states that this software can even identify mixed emotions.

The Facial Action Coding System is helpful at schools. With the help of this software, teachers could know when a student is sad or angry. This computer software can also detect mixed emotions. This new software could even save lifes. For example, nowadays with the bullying's situation, a teacher would detect when a student is being bullyied or if the student is under a depression. The teacher could help him and prevent any type of accident. The software can help at schoosl in other ways. The text states, "'A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,' Dr. Hung predicts. 'Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.'"

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System has been developed that improves accuracy in perciving the emotions of others. Making faces reveal so much about the science of emotions. Becuase of this software, teachers could see when a student is sad or angry and the teacher could help him. The software could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. The use the Facial Action Coding System to read the emotion expressions of students in a classroom is helpful.