The benefits of being part of extracurricular activities, as a student, are tremendous in various ways and can help lead anybody to success. A few examples of these activities are sports, yearbook staff, and Student Council Association. Not only will students benefit academically but also socially. Therefore, participating in extracurricular activities is of great value for students because it allows he/she to find new interests and talents, it is helpful for gaining more social skills, and it helps relieve stress.

Exploring new things is an outcome of participating in extracurricular activities. Without trying and experimenting many things, students can not find what what he/she enjoys and what he/she does not enjoy. Knowing the interest and talents of oneself is helpful for creating various goals. This is also important in the long run, short run, and can lead to endless opportunities.

Finding and knowing the interests of oneself is a useful skill when socially interacting with others and creating new relationships. Sharing the same interests as others is an important factor of a friendship. Also, having these good social skills will open up many doors in the future. For example, when interviewing for a job, somebody must be able to communicate well with strangers. To conclude, participating in extracurricular activities can lead to gaining more social skills.

Lastly, being part of an extra activity of one's choice helps relieve stress. Many people spend majority of their time on schoolwork. Focusing on other things ,rather than just schoolwork, is vital to preform well on any particular thing. Stress can result in many negative outcomes. Thus, joining an extracurricular activity can help avoid this.

To summarize, gaining more social skills, relieving stress, and finding new interests are all things he/she can accomplish by being part of an extracurricular activity

.

Gaining more social skills helps create new relationships. Relieving stress makes it easier to accomplish more and preform better. Finally, participating in extracurricular activities allows students to explore more things and find new interests or talents. Joining a club or sport and adventuring outside a comfort zone can help guide a student closer to success.                  