The Dangers of Using Cell phones While Driving

While some see that there is no problem with texting and driving, there is a law that says otherwise. Texting and driving are not safe for any age citizens. Texting is a distraction from focusing on the road while driving. There is no multitasking when it comes to texting and driving. There have been too many car accidents that have been caused by people using their phones while driving. To reduce the number of deaths due to texting and driving cell phones should not be permitted by drivers in any capacity.

Georgia's Hands-Free Law came into effect on July 1, 2018. ( "Georgia Department Of Driver Services, " 2018). This law states describes that it is illegal for drivers to hold their cell phones while driving. Drivers are allowed to use GPS, voice to text features, and receive and make calls hands free. Earphones are the best to use in this case; however, a person can only use one earpiece at a time. This law will help to reduce the number of many accidents caused by distracted drivers from cell phones.

In general, citizens should not use a cell phone while driving. Being on the phone while driving increases the risk of crashing. Even if you are stopped at a red traffic light, it is illegal and not safe. If there is an accident for texting and driving, there are penalties. The penalties are based on the first, second, and third offense. At each offense, there is a monetary fee and points taken off of your driver's license. If a driver has too many offenses, this could result in the suspension of an individual's license.

Unfortunately, there is one thing that people cannot multitask in, and that is texting and driving. When drivers text their attention is divided when it should be focused only on the road. Texting and driving is a dangerous thing because you can injure or kill someone else or even yourself. When driving you not only have to be focused on the road but also you have to be considerate of others on the road.

After all, texting and driving is against the law and just is not safe. No matter how young or old you are, you cannot focus on driving and texting without being at risk of having an accident. To protect your own life and others do not use your phone while driving. If you want to use your phone, you should wait until parked off the road. That way, you will not get any tickets, nor will anyone's life will be at risk.

Works Cited

Georgia Department Of Driver Services, dds. georgia. gov/.            