The Dangers of Phones While Driving

Nowadays mobile devices like cell phones are in constant use everywhere on a daily basis. In recent time cell phones have become an important item to people, whether used for calendars, communication, organization, etc. But with the very helpful use of cell phones, they have become more of a distraction and potentially dangerous. Like the Samsung Galaxy note 7 exploding and lighting on fire, possible radiation from screens leaving marks on skin, and possibly the most dangerous driving while using cell phones. Its assumed that the majority of teen drivers are affected by this but some adults are too. Cell Phones have become a significant factor in car accidents.

SECTION HEADER

Despite the fact that there are laws against phone usage while driving, people still have their eyes away from the road without hesitation. Statistically, distracted driving caused 3,166 lives in 2017. Just about every state has issued a law or ban against cell phones while driving but it seems that there not very effective. Most have banned all use while driving but some have issued the hands free law. These offenses can lead to fines or a possible license suspension. Applying to all drivers but especially teen drivers. Mostly because teens already spend a lot of time with their phone but also they understand most of the technology and features of their smartphone. It's baffling that with these laws placed people don't abide by them.

CONCLUSION

Some vehicles even have features to increase the effect of the hands free law. Being able to answer calls just from a press of a button on the steering wheel, voice text message replies, even the use of Siri or "Ok Google" stops hands from reaching the phone. It's extremely useful but not used enough. More action needs to take place to stop any occurrence. Not only should people preemptively be more cautious of the road but should also follow the law. Officers should be more alert and punishments should be more harsh to be able to make a big statement to save lives. If people are on their phones so much they should know and see that these laws are in effect but most people have that " If it's not me why should i care" mindset. They don't understand it until it happens to them when it's already too late.

Works Cited https://www. drive-safely. net/cell-phones-and-driving/ https://www. teendriversource. org/teen-crash-risks-prevention/distracted-driving/cell-phones https://www. nhtsa. gov/risky-driving/distracted-driving         