When you drive a car you are putting out emisions that are harmful to your children or your family members. So when you think about you could do to limit that, the answer is in the question. When your child goes to school they should ride the bus or if close enought ride a bike or walk. As stated in Source 1:In German Suburb,Life Goes On without Cars; they have elminiated the facor of the building up of smog.

Now as that is a good thing,not everyone should have such restrictive laws or rules that make it almost useless to have. A car-free city that is losing money on the gas that is need to use the cars, are losing money and they are making the money back by feeing you when you dont listen to them. in paragraph 3,there is a quote that states - "when i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way," that cant be intirely true. When foced to find a diffrent way to work,or school,or home you are putting a burdan on yourself and community.

You are putting stress on your body that can result in back,leg, and knee injury when you have to walk home. Not everyone is fit enough to walk home or to work or wherever you have to go.

In Source 2: Paris bans drving due to smog; they have fined 4,000 people for this issue they are trying to solve. It will never be solved. they are making more money while in the process of trying to eliminate he smog that will alway be there. But it sure has help with the congestion of the capital of France. It haas gone down by 60% after just five days. As they banned diesel fuel in france they have also lost the money that they need to be safe from the inpending fear of something horrible happening and making them lose money.

When you ban something that makes p for 67% of vehicles in france you must find a diffrent way to people from point a to point b in such a big city. When they have to use the subway or the bus or taxi there will need to be more of them so everyone can get on.

When fining people for there "mistake" of haaving their car in use the day of car free capital day,they are making money off of you and what are they going to spend it on? more tanks or weapons for there military? How about for the debt that they trying to pay off? In every country there is something that they need money for.

As in the Source 4: The End of Car Culture; "the american love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling." Many people will be losing there job because of what is going to happen when no one wants a car anymore. The reason older people still keep their license and car is because they know what it is like when you have to march your way to the store and buy food for your family and then lugg them all the way back by yourself.                                    