Driverless cars may be very interesting and cool to have, but are they truly furthering the betterment of people over all. The new technology used in order to full develop this driverless car will cost large amounts of money. If the United States focuses too much on this development the economy will suffer. There are may aspects to be considered about the idea of an autonomous vehicle. Developing these cars will enable laziness for people, establishing maybe unsafe conditions for pedestrians, and creating a way for people to not have to learn how to drive.

Even though being able to have a car that drives itself would be cool, it would allow people to rely on machines to do their work for them. Americans are in some cases are seen as lazy, and these cars will further show that. The druver is still in the car paying attention, but they are not truly focused apon maming sure to turn correctly or not going over the speed limit. Driving a car can teach people how to be discipline, how to focus, and how to be aware of their surroundings. These fundamentals would not be fully understodd if the driverless cars were developed further.

Also, this new technology of cars could create a safety risk for ohter drivers, pedestrians, and bicyclists. There potentially could be a larger number of accidents with these new cars. For example, If the cars is not programmed to be aware of incoming bicyclists or pedestrians there could be a problem with stopping the car in time to avoid collisions.

Drving is a good skill to have, but if these cars develop people will feel there is not much use in learning the specifics in driving techniques if the car drives itself. A driver still should know the importances of driving even if the car is able to run on its own. This means thta the drivers of the future will not need to learn major parts of driving because the cars will mainly do all of the work.

Cars without drivers is a development that could create more accidents, allow people to be lazy, and cause there not to be a reason for people to not learn the skills of driving. The cars may be unuseful in many ways because the driver still must be attentive to the road. Is there really a point to having a car the is supposed to drive itself if the person in the car is basically still driving. These cars take away learning opportunities form upcoming driver as well. Driverless cars seem to be a great development, but in all reality having cars that need a driver is more beneficial.            