The Electoral College is a process put in place by the founding fathers as a compromise for the election of the President. It is a combination vote of the Congress and of the citizens of the United States. The Electoral College is on of the most disputed political topics right now. The electoral college is a proper method for electing presidents because it forces presidential candidates to have transregional appeal and it rules out the possibility of an election where neither candidate recieves the majority of the votes.

The Electoral College doesn't allow a candidate to win by gaining their electoral votes from one region. As stated in source 3, "no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president" meaning that if a candidate were to only campaign in a region that they knew would vot for them, then there is no possible way they would win. For example, in 2012 Mitt Romney was a favorite in the south so he had no incentive on campaigning heavily in other states because that he had won the south over completely. Not only did he not win a major electoral state, Florida, but he also didn't campaign in ohter states for which he gained no electoral votes. Even by some chance that they win, there is a very small chance of them being reelected because the regions that they didn't campaign in will feel disenfranchised and that will cause them not to vote for the president again. So if a candidate doesn't camapign in all regions that doesn't mean he won't win the election the first time, but he is likely to lose the reelection.

With the Electoral College process in place, it rules out the possibility of an candidate not winning the majority of the votes. For example, their have been two elections where a president only had 43 percent of the popular votes, which some people would think that would be enough, but the those presidents had the majority of the electoral votes which is what caused them to win. Even though there is a slight possibility of this happening, there are always those couple of states that are last minute decisions and are called "toss-up states" because nobody ever knows who will win that state over and it might be a state like Louisiana, who only has 8 eletoral votes but 8 votes is enough to break a tie and even win the election for someone.

On the other hand, some people might argue that the Electoral College method might turn off potential voters due to a candidate showing that they have no interest in carrying that state due to what party that state carries, but no one voter can decide an election, and that is because the voter doesn't vote for what president they want, but for what electors they want who in part will vote for the candidate. Though they have a valid arguement the Electoral College is still the right method for the job.

In conclusion, the Electoral College is the proper method because it forces presidents to campaign in multiple regions and it rules out the possibility of a tie in the election. The president is suppose to rule for the people and some people might not vote for a president just because they don't like them but with the Electoral College the right president wins.                     