Dear Principal,

I believe that having to maintain of have a b average can be a good and bad thing. The good side is that the people with the c averages will have more time to concentrate on their work instead of basketball or other sports. On the other hand, it could be a bad thing because some people are trying their hardest but they just can't get the b average and they should be able to play sports.

The idea of having people in sports maintain a b average has some benefits. There is the obvious everyone in sports are passing. The benefit of the players having good grades will show they are responsible and trustworthy. You also would not have to worry about the games getting in their way because of their grades. Maintaining a b average also gives the players a border line on their grades; helping them focus so they can stay on the team. It also might make people want to try to get the b average, raising their grade, to get into the sports.

The idea of having players maintain a b average can also be a bad thing. They could make the team and start to forget about their grades. They also might feel pressured because they have to sustain a certain grade to play something they love to do for the school they want to represent. We might also be missing out on very talented sports stars by setting a line in which they have to be in to play sports. For example, we could have a really talented basketball player but his or her grades start slipping and they are taken out of basket ball.

The idea of having to have at least a b average can go many directions. Though it seems like its a fabulous idea it could hurt our athletic group. I think the statement "setting an average they have to be at in order to play sports" is a very intelligent idea, but maybe a c+ or something more reasonable for students to reach would be a better guideline. Though some might think it is unreasonable, its a fair decision and i go along with your decision. I hope you consider my thoughts.

Sincerely,

Anonymous Student