The students should participate in a extracurricular activity because they would become more social and make new friends. If a student that is anti-social has to go to an extracurricular activity they get to talk to more people and make more friends. Students will spend less time on electronics all day and spend more time with friends. Students will also have more fun and more time to hangout with their friends if they don't have time any other day. I agree with the principal because everyone will be participating from something at school like sports or school council, and students would become more interactive with people while making new friends.

Everyone will be participating from something at school like sports, school council, and academic help. All the people that play sports will play sports with friends and having fun. Students that need help on a subject that they are struggling on can go to their teachers for help on the subject. The students from the school council can think of more ideas on how to help the school and make it better. Whatever activity that the students are doing will have them spend more time with their friends at school. Students can also do their homework at school and if they need help they can just go to their teacher, or interact more with other people

Students will become more interactive because they get to spend more time with other people at school. They will have more time to hang out and have fun with their friends. They're going to spend less time on electronics and interact more in real life with more people. When they make new friends from there extracurricular activity they will become more interactive and make even more friends. They're going to become more social and interact with more people because of the extracurricular activity. Making friends will make the students more interactive with each other and they will talk more.

After all the points that I have included I still agree with the principal because students will become more interactive and every student will be participating from something at school. The students will also make new friends and become more social. Students will either have fun or learn something or do even both during their activity.                          