Yes, I think that it will be an okay idea to put this technology in the use to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom. I said yeah because there's a lot of students in one classrom and all of them have different types of expressions. So at times we dont know how someone is feeling. For an examle are they feeling happy,sad,excited,mad,depressed and etc. That's where this new technology comes in handy. If a teacher puts this amazing piece of technology to work. Now they can understand how their students are feeling or what type of expression or mood they are currently in. I've seen a lot of people that dont even talk in school/classroom and sometimes that puts you to wonder. Why are they like that? Are they alright? Is something wrong? Those 3 questions can't be asked no more if this technology goes into schools. Now the teachers will understand how they feel and know that they need some time alone or they need to talk about something. For an example teachers are always in saying do we need to talk? Is everything fine and the students sometimes say yes or they don't even say nothing and the teachers know that's not the truth. They would understand more about their students. This is a phrase that they said in th article on paragraph 7. "Does your expression in the mirror suggest an emotion". That right there is not enough for me the mirror can show an expression but might mean another expression. For an example again you can look at yourself in the mirror and look happy but you know that your not. This technology here can change the future and we can look further in the future starting with is invention and come up with better things following it. The article aslo said " Can your lab partner recognize which one" which the answer here is no they can't know how you feel like but this here. This technology will let you know exactly how they feel. It will be the next life changer. So that's why my answer for this question is yes they should but this technology in use in schools and it will help students and teachers know how one another is feeing. 