How can seeking multiple opinions help someone make a better choice? Throughout our lives we are forced to make decisions and choices everyday. These decisions can range from deciding what to eat for breakfast, all the way to really important ones such as what career path to choose. However, when we make these decisions we do not only make them by ourselves. Instead, we seek advice from other people to help us better understand the decision to be made, that way we know we can make the smarter choice.

The first way seeking advice from other people helps us, is by showing us multiple points of view. Many of these choices that we make can affect other people. For example, making a big decision such as whether or not to go to college affects multiple people. A major decision like this has both pros and cons to the argument. When we talk to other people about a decision like this, they help us understand the benefits to making a certain choice and the negatives. According to a recent study, people are more likely to make smarter choices and decisions when they work in a group. This is because every single individual in that group is given multiple points of view to base their decisions off of. These multiple points of view shed light on to they ways different people view the choice to be made. Then, when every person in that group can then provide even smarter opinions, the entire group makes a choice that benefits everyone. This links back to a single person making smarter decision by basing it off other peoples opinions.

The second way seeking advice from others helps us is by learning new information. When a person is faced with a choice to be made, they may not know all the information about it. However for them to better understand the choice, they seek other opinions such as asking a friend, or searching about it on the internet. When we do this we do not only learn more about the choice, but we better understand the choice that needs to be made. For example, a couple of months ago I was given the choices of what classes I would like to take in high school. I took this decision home to discuss with my parents and we both had opposite views of the classes I should take. I had only wanted to take three honors classes while my parents had wanted me to take four. The following weekend my Aunt, and Uncle came to visit along with my grandparents. All four of these people had gone through advanced schooling and had tons of advice to give on honors classes. Due to my parents and I being able to hear multiple opinions, we were able to make a decision that made my parents and I both happy.

The last way that seeking advice from others helps us is by given us instruction. During times that we need to make a choice, certain people can help us with that. They can provide us with key information on how to go about making that choice. An example of this is a guidance counselor. Guidance counselors can help us layout the decision and help us see the pros and cons of the decision. The counselors also help give us details about the decision because they have experience from helping others in the past. This leads back to instruction and how getting instruction from different people and different opinions will help us successfully make a better choice.

In conclusion seeking multiple opinions to make a better choice helps us by, giving us different points of view, learning new information, and through instruction. Without the opinions of different people, we are not able to understand the real way to make a decision. Therefore, it is important to ask multiple people for advice to help make the smarter decision.