Summer is long and made for students to relax. However, the school wants students to complete a project over the summer. The only problem is should it be teacher or student designed? While a lot of people would say teacher designed, it should really be student designed. This allows students to create a project that they're comfortable with presenting, and it shows the different learning capabilities from each student.

When students are given a project from a teacher they normally try their best even if they don't like the way it's set up. If students set up their own summer projects a lot of them would be more comfortable about how they publish them. It will bring the creativity out and the students will use their own talents to express how they work best. Furthermore, if students write in their own way it may be easier for them to explain their project. Then there's the confident boost, in which when an individual creates something that they enjoyed creating and seeing they'll be more confident to show it off.

Moreover, students all have different learning capabilities. Sadly not all teachers seem to realize this. If a teacher designed project was assigned, the teacher would expect to see the same project with something slightly different from the next. However, if the projects were student designed everyone's project would be completely different. Additionally that's why the project should be student designed rather than teacher designed because, the different ways people learn show their creativity output and can possibly even make them more prepared for a discussion or presentation of their project.

Finally, the chance at getting a student designed project would be much more expectant then a teacher designed project. The way students think nowadays is so relevant that most teachers don't realize that half of the aren't really understanding a topic, but just nodding their head and agreeing. Overall the summer projects should be student designed because,they allow a new way of learning for others, and they let kids show their true ability at being comfortable with a project they liked doing.