It is hard sometimes to contol one's imagination, and this author's imagination is one to set free. The author has showed the readers that he believes that Venus is truly a worthy place to study and research no matter the cost. The author's claim can be supported by his sharing of NASA's idea in vehicle transportation, tools to properley study materials on Venus without harm, and having the use of older computers. With these claims, readers can infer that finding solutions to these dangers would help make Venus a much more worthy planet to study and research.

The author has gone into research and has found an idea from NASA that has to do with safe vehicular transportation on Venus. the author describes the idea by statisticly showing how it would work. It is said that NASA's solution is to have the scientists float over Venus' fray like pilots do to fly over thunderstorms. NASA has said that the scientist will need to ploat iver 30 miles aboive the danger zone. By including this, it points the author's perspective on studying Venus into a safer andpositve way.

The author then has provided a section where he explains the problem scientists would have in acquiring samples such as rock, gas, or other items from a far distance. The soulution would be to create an object that would last long enough for scientests to observe the planet's items. With devices that can help gain evidence and answers, it could make the study of Venus much safer and efficient. Even though this seems to be an idea that would help research Venus safley, the author shares other devices that would help make the reseach program leap forwand.

Even if the scientist have the "best" high tech equipment, it would not last on those hard conditions because they new technology has become fragile. Because of that, researchers have come up with the idea of useing computer that were used in WWII. The author explains that these computors show more resistant because of the gear that is in them. With this type of more resistant technology, the scientist would have more of an assurance of having a successful study and research of Venus.

Even if Venus' atmosphere is far to dangerous for humans to enter, there are ways that danger could be reduced so scientist can study the planet. With the making of compatible vehicles, reliable equipment, the use of older reliable computers, and the lowering of risks, it would make Venus a more worthy planet to explore. 