Venus is one of the most intersting and eye cathhing planets known to Earth by scientist. It is considered the "twin" of planet Earth making it a very special planet in our solar system. Do not let that fool you though, even if it is called the "twin" of Earth it is still very different in many ways from our planet. In this essay I will be Discussing about the issues brought up by the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus." Is Venus really worth studying even despite the dangers it presents?

Venus is one of the closest planets to Earth. It is very simialr to Earth in both density and size too. Since Venus is so close compared to most planets around Earth humans have found alot of interest in the planet. Humans have sent many unmanned spacecrafts to Venus but none of the spacecrafts have survived the landing for more than a few hours. There are many reasons why is it challenging for us to make a succeful exploration for many reasons. Veus has a very thick atmosphere of aproxametly 97% carbon dioxide and with clourds of sulfuric acid. Another factor to consider is that it ha a temperature on the averages of 800 degress Fahrenheit and over with atmospheric pressure 90 times greater than which experinced here at Earth. The weather experienced in Venus is also very dangerous. There are many errupting volcanoes, very powerful earthquakes and lighting striking very frequent. These conditions make it almost impossible for Venus to sustane life and making explorations. With all of these very difficult situations to take in consideration the question is brought up agin. Many scientist have been thinking and discussing about more frequent visits but why? Well it is because as it says in paragrapgh 4 "Astonomers are facinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system". there are many theroies that Venus may have long ago been probably covered by large oceans and maybe could have ad a chance of supporting many various forms of life because Venus shows some features and characterisitcs alike those of Earth. Scientists from NASA have been brainstorming with ideas of how to make explorations to Venus possible and more likely to survive. Well an idea in paragrapgh 5 explains"Imagine a blimp-like vehcile hovering 30 or so milea above the roiling Venusian landscape. Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vechicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfreindly ground conditions by staing up and out their way." This may seem like a good idea but it has its flaws. hovering over the clouds would make it difficult for them to collecet any rocks or anything to sudy and it would also be hard to view the floor and write descriptions of what has been seen.

Even though Venusis a very interesting planet and it shares alot of Earths characteristics I believe that there wasnt enough evidence to support the idea that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. If there was actually ideas and details that would make it seem like it is possible for there to be a safe and sucessful exploration instead of ideas that have a slight chance of working I would have agreed.