Summer projects should be designed by students, summer time is supposed to be a time where students can relax and not worry about school work. If a teacher decides to give a project in summer break the least they could do is let the students design it, they will know how much can they handle at a time and still learn. Each student is different they learn at their own pace.

One reason why I believe students should design their own Summer projects is because they are gonna be motivated to do it. Teacher made projects can be super complicated and the directions given can also be complicated, if students are given the opportunity to design their own project and make directions they can understand they will take time out of their day to do it because because they have confidence in themselves and know what they are doing.

When teachers give directions on a Summer project and give packets explaining what to do, from a students perspective, when they know summer is around they won't be paying attention in school anymore especially if it's the last month or last few weeks left and when summer does start they will lose track of the packet and directions that were given to them. It's different when someone gives you directions one month before summer starts and expect you to remember it but if they are not focused about school anymore how do expect them to remember a summer assignment. They are more worried more about what they are gonna do over the summer when school ends, but if a student makes the directions themselves and the project they are more likely to remember it because they know how it should be done and the expectations are made by them so that when they don't complete it they don't have anyone to but themselves.

I can also understand the teachers perspective, they want the kids to learn more over the summer and be prepared for the next year so they assign projects that will help them and expect it to be finished. They want to help the students meet their goals and expect them to set high expectations for themselves, but when a student realizes the work given over the summer is just like any other classwork they will set it aside. If teachers are able to make a project that is fun and can be beneficial to learning, teenagers or kids will do it and will be more prepared when the next year comes.

Overall I believe Summer projects should be designed by students, summer for students is their time to relax and have fun, but when a teacher assigns a summer assignment students most likely do not do it or keep procrastinating and pushing it back. If the students make it themselves and make it beneficial and fun they will take time out of their day to do it. That's why it's important for teachers to understand how students function, they won't respond to boring assignments, you have to make something that students are actually interested in learning. If you are unable to do that let the students make it themselves. When students design their own projects they know what they want and what they are interested in to learn.

.     