Phones and Driving

The use of phones has grown tremendously to the point that people feel as if they can't survive without them. It's bad to know that our phones are becoming more and more of our lives and that people can't take their attention off of them for minutes while they are on the road. I personally don't think people should be able to use phones while driving because it delays everything as in the way people drive how they are at stop lights and all of that. Many bad things have come from people driving and texting so I dont think it should happen that people can excess phones while driving.

There are many delays when people are on their phones. If they drive you can pretty much tell if they are on them because, it will show they will sit at the stop light longer even after the light turns green and they drive slower. You have to remember to when you are driving like this it puts others at risk of kids if they are playing and you don't see them because you are on the phone it will put them at danger if you do something. A lot of drivers that do this don't think of it as a risk because it benefits them but it truly is because, its putting every one in danger including them because their attention is altered and the person in front of them may make a sudden change.

I was looking at a document and it said that texting and driving is comparable to drinking under the influence if not worse and I could see that because when they are on the phone they swerve and slow down and their attention isn't on the road at all. People who are texting while driving are 23% more likely to crash their cars. This percentage is equivalent to that of the average person who has drunk four beers and then began to operate a car which is scary because, I am on the road pretty much everyday and to know that these people are out there too is terrible. If phones are worse than drinking I feel that it should be illegal to be on your phone while driving because, it is illegal to drink and drive so this should be too.

In conclusion, I don't agree with being on your phone while driving is right and it should be banned. A lot of bad outcomes can come from a person being on their phone. It's very sad to think about what could happen. People have kids and still drive with them for example my cousin does it and it's sad that she can put her selfish needs to the side for one minute to focus on the road so her and her baby can get to where they need to go safely. My mom always says I think about myself and others which is good because I always analyze everything for everyone and I want everyone to be good so if I need to get off my phone for a few mins for a safer drive I am fine with that.         