Some people believe in the supernatural and in the paranormal. Others on the otherhand dont. Then there are people that believe in aliens and in various life forms on diffrent planets. If we ask the question "Is there such thing as aliens and if so how do we know?" In hollywood there has been many movies made about aleins and about other life forms in the galaxy (ET, the Men In Black series, and Indipendence Day). The reality is that we don't know if there are really aleins, we just have faith in the unknown.

The people that believe aliens exist had a feild day over the recent discovery by NASA in 1976-2001 by the Viking 1. The viking 1 found an astonishing rock form that took the shape of a humans face. the first thing most people said was, "There is alein life on mars!" These people could be right, we have been serching for dozens of years for other life foarms, and its the perfect time to find a breakthrough in science and in astronomy.

To others the belief of the face, found on mars, made by an alein is a hoax. It is just a story for the public to stay entertained. The face on the surface of mars is just a rock and it is made by natural movement under and on the surface of mars and not by a life form such as an alien. In the article" Unmasking the Face on Mars" the author says, " Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing...a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." The face in mars brings apn no new information to astronomy because there has not yet been any proof of any life on mars.

The faith we have in this "mission" is more faith than we have had regarding new creatures in the deapths of the sea. When we think of ailens we see big eyed weird headed creatures, but how do we know? The answer is that we dont. We have no assurence that there are aleins and they look and talk how we believe they do. There are manyh possibilitys on how landforms made the face such as the hardening of lava, tectonic plates, astroids or other rocks that entered Marses atmosphere,or it could have been made by the rotaion of mars .

Over all the idea of aleins makes a good hollywood movie, but it doesn't make a good reality. As Mr. Garvin says, "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same hight as the Face on Mars." Until the day we physicaly see another life form, we won't have any further helpful scientific discovery regarding aleins.       