The Facial Action Coding system. It can read almost any face, and tell weither what emotion you have having. You could use this for many diffrent things such as; busting a crimanal, telling if a person around you acully is happy around you, or even if someone is lying to you. But one other important thing this technology can be used for is school.

Lets say you were at school and you were getting bullied or you werent having a good day. You are trying to hide your emotions but your quiet good at it. But the moment you sit down at a computer, it scans your face and it says that you are sad/depressed. The moment the computer reads your face it can alert the teacher and it can tell if the student is enjoying or disliking the class or school in general. Then, when the teacher knows his/her emoiton, he could ask the student why they are feeling this way and if they need to talk. It could make the students feel special and that they dont need to hide there emotions from people and can feel totally comfortable expressing themselves.

Even with that sanificant factor of helping children out with there emotions, there is also some cons about have this system. Facial Action Coding System could almost make the parents a bit worried about there children and be wondering would it could be doing. What if foreigner parties start to hack the system. There could be major problems such as; knowing who you are, having your facial ID, and a chance of getting captured. Some parents are really strict with their children not letting them show there face to a camera just because they are aware of the dangers that could happen.

Another con is that the system could malfunction. Since is sends the information and emotion to teacher/parents the teacher could get worried and ask why this student has this emotion but little do they know that there was wrong information sent. Lets say the student his sitting as his desk and the system scanned his face over a multitude of facial moment and it says your sad, but on the inside you are acually fairly happy. Then the teacher could ask you why he or she is sad, and would try to help him out. But little do they know is that he really happy and something went wrong with the system. It would be pointless, there would be no advantage in having this. It would take time out of your day and there could be a whole ordeal about weither your sad or happy.

But also the Facial Action Coding System could help us find out is is someone has cheated on a test, or is mad at another student. It can prevent many of dangerous thing from happening in the school such as a school shooting for example. If a student was angry 24/7 at school it could aller and worry the teachers that something drastic could happen and a gun could be pulled out. But you can prevent that from happening with the Facial Coding System, you could see that the student is mad all the time and the teachers could reach out and help the student before something drastic happens.

Over all I think it would be a great idea to have a system like this in our schools today because some people are really hurting on the inside, and sometimes us humans can not tell weither if the person is sad, mad, or happy. We could prevent self harm with this! We could stop many of things from happening in our schools today. I think every school should start to incorporate this system into there labtops and computers because it could really help a student out. We could make people the outcasts feel important for once. It would make there day knowing the fact that somone cares about them.

We could help a lot of things we do in school today, it was be a good benefit factor having this system in schools. 