Driverless cars are an advanced technology but they arent the safest car. They might be a good upgrade but it can also harm. They are not proven to be 100 percent safe and may cause crashes. Also while technology is a very helpfull thing it is not the safest and is not always a good thing to rely on. Lastely, not many people will be able to afford this car. This is why i believe that driverless cars are not a good idea.

While the driverless cars are being developed to be safe and able to rely on it is still not proven to be 100 percent safe. Not all cars infact not a single car is proven to be 100 percent safe. They can all cause damage or injure people but the driverless car will not be any safer with a person not having control of the car. You cant rely on yourself to know that you are driving safe and know where you are headed. The driver is not in control therefore it can cause a great damage and crash other cars. It can cause people to get injured or even killed. So this is just one reason why i believe they are not safe.

Secondly, technology has helped us advance many things we believed could never be posible but while it is helpful it is not a good thing to rely on. Nothing is ever perfect and when it comes to technology there are always problems. For this driverless car that has all diffrent kinds of updates and technology it can do something wrong and the whole system breaks down. With GPS being used it can get you lost and people will rely on the driverless car to know where it is going but it has happened before to where people get lost because they were following their GPS and something went wrong and they get lost. With one wrong letter or number the address you type cant get mixed up with a diffrent address and you will not know where you are at. the driverless car is full of technology and its already be proven many times that technology isint perfect and can have issues that in this driverless car can cause damage.

Lastly, many people wont be able to afford it. With all its technology and updates it will cost a lot. Only a few people wil be able to have them and see what they are like. So its not like they are making this care so people everywhere could have it. It is only for people who can afford it and well want it. So with that said i dont believe it is a good thing for it to be made.

In conclusion, the driverless car isint proven to be very safe and can harm or cause damage. While technology is a great thing it is not good to rely on it as much. They will also be to expensive for people to buy and only a couple of people will be able to purchase the driverless car. These are some reasons why i believe that driverless cars arent a very good idea.          