Between years 2001 and 2009 driving by young people has decreased 23 percent because of new innovations including compact suburbs, more bicycle paths and public transportion. There are many benefits for limiting your car usage including better moods and more compact easily accesible cities, a large decrease in pollution and its cheaper.

In Vauban, Germany, Majority of there population of over five thousand have given up cars for simple reasons. A resident of Vauban stated that while using her car she felt , " tense" and that  "Im much happier this way". having a car can be very stressful because you have to be alert one hundred percent of the time. You also have to deal with other drivers on the road who might not be as responsible as yourself. One big reason for leaving your car behind could be the traffic jam. traffic jams are frustrating and cause bad moods and later on accidents. Another advantage is a more compact way of living. In Vauban, they have placed their shops on a walk way rather than in a mall to increase their accesibility to pedestrians and bike riders.

Pollution has become a large threat to the world today because of cars and their exhaust. Cars are said to cause twelve percent of the greenhouse gases found in the atmosphere. Paris enforced a driving ban on monday for even numbered license plates because of the near record pollution problem in the city. These people had to leave their cars at home or be fined a thirty-one dollar ticket. many still disobeyed and some had their cars impounded. this shows us that car pollution is becoming out of hand, and limiting your car use can help the enviornment and lower the amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.

After 2005, studies show that the rate of driving began decreasing because of the recession. Americans could not afford to buy brand new cars ,and people without jobs just couldnt buy a car at all. Cars are becoming expensive which is why peole are taking alternate roots. this decrease in car buying will hold up the car making companies but could give people more money to spend on other things.

Throughout the years car use has decreased because of carless communities, new banning laws, the growing numbers of greenhouse gases, increasing costs and and the growing trend of walking, riding a bike, and using public transportation such as trains and buses.                                               