Venus is the closest planet to Earth. The planet Venus is known as Earth's twin because its the close to earth density and size, and is also sometimes called the "Evening Star," In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus." The author claims that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. The aurthour says in paragraph 4 that Venus can be our nearest option for a planetary vist. The author also says that Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have many forms of like, like Earth. The author also says in paragraph 8 that our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts, but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.

I think that we should not waste our time to explore Venus. Even though the planet is somewhat identical to Earth, the planet is very chaotic and dangerous. In paragraph 3, the author tells the readers the many dangers of Venus. The planet is covered in a thick atmosphere of about 97 carbon dioxide, and the atmosphere has clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid. The planet's surface temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit. Also, the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what Earth is. Venus also has the hottest surface temperature in our solar system, considering that Mercury is the closet planet to the sun. The weather on Venus also has erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes. Yes we can look and take samples, but the spacecraft we sent to Venus has not survived the landing for more than a couple of hours. We could vist Venus, but it could be nearly impossible with Venus conditions.

Venus, Earth's "twin," is similar to Earth in size and density. But the clouds and temperatures make it nearly impossible to live on Venus. We sent many spacecraft to Venus, but none could survive for a couple of hours. The conditions of the planet is chaotic, and the atmosphere is as toxic as it could get. Astronomers think that Venus was probably covered with oceans and had life on the planet. Venus today, has a rocky surface, which includes valleys, mountains, and craters. We should study the chaotic planet, but living conditions are nearly impossible.