This story is about Luke Bomberger a boy who rode the waves had no idea that his life would change soon after his graduation. He was working two part-time jobs in a grocery store and at a bank when his friend invited him to go to Europe on a cattle boat. He couldn't say no he knew it would be an opportunity for him. It was 1945,world war 2 was over in Europe and countries were left in ruins. To help these countries recover 44 nations came together and started UNRRA {The United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration}. UNRRA hired seagoimg cowboys to take care of the horses,young cows, and the mules.

The first reason to join the program is because they came together and started a group of 44 nations to help Europe. They hired ''Seagoing Cowboys'' to help the animals. They are trying to get the nation back together. Luke and Don signed up for it to. Heading over seas in August 1945, they recieved their orders to report to New Orleans. They arrived ''August 14,'' Luke sayed,the day the Pacific war ended.''

The second reason you should join the group is because '' The cattle-boat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a small-town boy,'' he said.''Besides helping people, had the side benefit of seeing Europe and China. But seeing the Acropolis in Greece was special,'' he says. ''So was taking a Gondola ride in Venice,Italy,a city with streets of water.'' Luke also toured an excavated castle in Crete and marveled at the Panama Canal on his way to china.

The third reason why you should join the group is cause caring for the animals during the crossings kept luke busy. They had to be fed and watered two or three times a day. Bales of hayand bags of oats had to be pulled up from the lower holds of the ship. Stalls had to be cleaned. Helping out on his aunt Katie's farm as a boy had prepared luke for hard work.

In conclusion I think you can still help with or without an reward. He did that from heart to help and sign up for that, also he liked watching the animals every hour and taking care of them so did his friend. He really liked the trips around the world too, just help to be nice somtimes for other people.