Do you think every student in you're school should participate in a extracurricular activity? All students should not be forced to do something they don't want to do. This may be good for other students but not everyone has the time for extracurricular activities. Many students have things to do at home and extracurricular could be stopping them from doing them.

Extracurricular activities take time away from students being with their family's, it would also take time away from activities outside of school like a sport they play or something that they participate in. Extracurricular would make students have no time to do there homework or finish any work that they need to do. Many students don't focus on extracurricular and they want to get a good grade. But extracurricular might make them not have much time to study or finish there work. And sometimes students just don't want to do any extracurricular activities.

If a student does not want to do a activity than they should'ent do it. And if all students have to do extracurricular than it would get to crowded and people will lose more interest in what they like to do as a extracurricular activities. Sometimes students have a hard day at school and they just want to go home and relax. Because they are stressed and don't want to do anything, but if they are forced to a extracurricular activity that they don't like than they will be even more tired and bored. Students need there own free time and choose what they want to do and they don't want to be forced to do something they don't like.

So in conclusion, students should not be forced to do extracurricular because they have things to do at home and they don't want to be stressed even more. Students go to school to learn,

get good grades, so that they can get a good job. Students should be able to use there own free time and not waste it on extracurricular activitys, because they miss time with there family, they could miss out on something really important at home, and they wouldent have time to get to practice if they play a sport, all because of extracurricular that will take up most of there time. Students already have a lot of homework to and regular work to do at home and if there are required to do a extracurricular activity, they will lose a useful amount of time.    