I feel as though it,s a good idea for people to ask multiple people about things because it helps to make better choices. You will also know every ones opinion about it. If you ask one person they may not give you the right answer. For instance, say you ask one friend and they tell you there advise but it's not a good choice. You also want to make sure you are making the best choice.

To begin with, If you are asking multiple people you will know every ones opinion. You also may have different friends so that means they think differently. You will also know how everyone feels about the choice you have made. For example, say you have a friend that incurages you to do bad and then you have another friend that incurages you to do good and you ask both of them, then you know which one sounds better.

Also, If you ask only one person for there advice they may not give you the right choice to make. They may not like you and there not a true friend. They dont want to see you succeed, they want to see you fail in life. They also may not be a good choice maker and think doing bad is good. For instance, say you ask one friend and they tell you what they think you should do, so then you do it and get in trouble.

In addition, You always ant to make sure you are making the bast choice. You also dont want to mess up something because you asked the wrong person. If you ask everyone you get e better understanding about it. Say you are choosing to go to college or not you want to ask multiple people so you know if its a good idea or not. Also if its something life changing you dont want to mess up your life.

However, some people feel that it is better to just ask one person. They feel like if you just ask one person than you dont have to choose whether or not to do that. They think there one friend has the best advice and that friend will give them the best choice. They may feel as though it may offend the other person because you did not take there advice.

In conclusion, its better ask multiple people because it helps make better choices. You always want to make sure you are making the best choice. If you ask everyone you get a better understanding about it. You will also know every ones opinion and know how they feel about it. If you only ask one person they may not give you the best advice.          