When we ask for advice we usually ask multiple people instead of just one, but why do we ask multiple people? When people ask for advice, they usually talk to more than one person, I believe this is a great idea because you can see the majority of what people would do, learn from others past experiences, and you can see multiple views to decide which is best for you. We all have choices in life to make and sometimes we dont know what to do in that situation. Advice is what people tell us to give us a idea and better understanding of what we should do. Thats why we ask for advice in the first place so that we can have help to make our decision.

A amazing reason for asking many different people for advice is you can see the majority of what people would do. One very common way people decide on things is to take a majority vote. This simply means you find the most favored option among many people. These can be things as small as a class vote on movie day to things as big as elections. So if there is a big difference in the votes for each choice. Then you should chose the option that the majority of people would chose if you were basing your decision off of a majority vote.

Another great reason for asking many different people for advice is you can learn from others past experiences. Everyone makes mistakes in life. We can learn from others mistake so we don't make the same mistake. By asking about peoples past experiences we can fin out their mistakes with their choices. Also by finding out about people's past experiences we can learn from their successes. If people have had success going with a certain option or choice then that would be a good choice for us to make.

One last reason for asking many different people for advice is you can be exposed to a wide variety of views to decide the best option for you. Everyone is entitled to and has heir own opinion. Almost never is someones view on a topic or choice the exact same. The more people you ask for advice, the more possible choices you will be exposed to. This can better your understand of the topic and can help you make your choice in the end.

When people ask for advice, they usually talk to more than one person, I believe this is a great idea because you can see the majority of what people would do, learn from others past experiences, and you can see multiple views to decide which is best for you. In the end asking many people for advice can better your understanding and give you many reasons on which choice to make. This can help you form your own opinion and make your choice. So in conclusion, the more people you ask for advice, the better.