Some schools offer students to be home schooled and learn by video conferencing or online. Students would not benefit from being home schooled because some students have a hard time comprehending what's being taught and some students aren't responsible enough to study the material or get up and actually do it. Also, some students may show a lack of effort. If you were offered the opportunity of being home schooled, would you take it?

Lots of students struggle at comprehending the material taught in one way and might need it to be taught in a different view. I, myself, am a different learner. If learning how they give it to you is the way you learn then nothing will be learned. In fourth grade, I was getting home schooled. For the first week of home school, the lessons were a little confusing. I told my mom and she got me a tutor. The tutor did help, but all a tutor is, is a regular teacher but away from normal school hours. Up to now, my teachers in school teach in multiple ways to help the students understand. I feel more reassured learning the way i do now than not being face to face understand the one way learning habit assumed.

Some students aren't responsible enough to be home schooled. Maybe, the parents have a part that's not being fulfilled to help the student do the work. Being home schooled doesn't just consist of doing the work then that's it. It also consists of studying what's being taught and making sure that you fully understand what's being taught. At an age where you're being home schooled, it's normal to lack maturity and/or responsibility. A friend I have named Generic_Name gets home schooled. He payed no attention to school anyways but was forced to go and learn. Now that he's home schooled, he does everything except that. He is very irresponsible and he is aware of it. Think first and ask yourself if you would be responsible enough to do your work if you were getting home schooled.

Students home schooled might show a lack of effort. Not being in school takes away the public kid childhood. Not being in school also makes it hard to find motivation. Even if that motivation is for a friend or to succeed for a teacher, it's still motivation. While I was home schooled, I never showed effort because i never had a reason to. I never saw why i should try towards anything. Then when i got put in school, I understood. Not just for myself, but for my future. Also for everyone to be proud of me and to see my progress.

A lot prefer students going to school and not be home schooled. What would you do in this matter? Would you allow them to be home schooled? Would you rather them go to school?        