Education is one of the most prominent factors in the development of teens in their formative years.

However, because the current school system does not serve everyone equally, it may present some issues for those who are unable to adhere to its standards.

Allowing students to access their education remotely may offer them benefit, by making school a more manageable part of their lives, creating convenience, and taking away unnecessary pressure and stress.

In their day-to-day lives, teens are occupied with a multitude of responsibilities: school, work, sports, and extracurriculars.

It may be difficult for some students to manage all of these in the strict time constraints of a conventional school setting.

In order to make it through a full day of school, they may have to wake up extra early for a practice, or miss out on sleep after coming home late from their job.

By offering students the option to take some or all of their classes online, it may let them to have a more flexible and lenient school schedule over which they have full responsibility and control.

They would no longer have obligatory school hours, which would allow them more freedom to work according to an agenda that suits their own needs.

Online schooling also presents convenience for some students: those who are unable to attend school on a regular basis, or those who don't possess the learning style to which the teachers cater.

These students begin to miss out on valuable class time and fall behind on the curriculum, which puts them at a disadvantage.

An option for distance learning may allow them to have a more comfortable setting for learning at home and ensure they can stay up to speed while not having to physically be in the classroom. In addition, some classes unavailable through the school may be accessible online, which could allow students to explore more subjects that interest them. This could eventually encourage them to make a more informed decision about what they want to pursue later in life.

Students can face a number of different pressures in a school setting, whether they be academic or social, which create undue stress.

It would alleviate these negative stressors to make distance learning a realistic option for all students.

Oftentimes, many teens pursue more rigorous classes in order to be in good standing for college admissions. However, this mentality prevents students from exploring other options that may not be down the beaten path.

Allowing students the ability to take some courses online may encourage them to decrease their in-school course load, and take on a more manageable set of classes.

In addition, online classes may also allow those who wish to distance themselves from the social aspect of school to have a more enjoyable learning experience free from distraction.

Although online school is still, in part, a novel concept, it should not be approached with apprehension, as the opportunities it presents to students provide them with a number of benefits that cannot be overlooked.

It allows students to adopt a more responsible and independent role in their education, and encourages them to take initiative and work at a pace suitable for them.

Overall, online school offers the option for a more relaxed and low-pressure environment that is important for today's overworked students.