Dear Principal,

You are rethinking our cell phone policy, and I think it is a great idea to be asking kids their opinion.

Cell phone can sometimes be a big issue in school, so here is what I think our policy should be.

Personally, I think that students should not be able to use phones in school.

They cause a huge distraction for a large population of our school.

Many people sit in class and text, use the internet, and sometimes even try to talk to their friends on their phones.

This is distracting these kids from listening to the teacher and getting their work done. Lots of times kids do not get their work done in class and also don't do it at home.

This causes them not to learn anything.

It also distracts many people around them, having to watch someone next to them text, listen to their calls, and being asked to hide them so their teacher does not see their phone.

I think that many of the conversations that occur in school are unnecessary and could be held after school at a more appropriate time.

They usually are just texting their friends, trying to go on their favorite website, post statuses on facebook, and just plain fooling around when they should be learning.

Since the office supplies phones to call home to their parents, they should not need their cell phones to do that.

If someone needs to talk to their parent about something, it should be important enough to be able to use a school phone, and should not be texting them or calling them with their cell phone in class.

Many kids use their phones so they don't have to listen in class, they use it to give them something to do instead of paying attention to their teacher. They also sometimes do not talk about school appropriate things, and are just messing around, or trying to act cool, showing everyone that they are texting in class.

It is a big distraction when someone's cell phone starts to ring in the middle of class, and it creates a big commotion.

Allowing kids to use phones in their free time could quite possibly be a big mistake. Lots of students may abuse the new rule, and make sure they have them in every class, thinking that if they are allowed to use them in their free time, they could use them when they are supposed to be learning too.

This could also cause lots of disruptions, and could possibly cause fights.

Kids may fight over what kind of phone each other has, or what everyone is talking about, if it is not a school appropriate subject.

It would be more likely for gossip to get around in school if everyone is texting about it.

Other kids may also attempt to use the internet on their phones in class, take pictures, and could use it to cheat on tests.

I think that the cell phone policy should not allow students to use cell phones in school.

It could cause many distractions, and school should be just about learning.

Each conversation should be able to wait for a more appropriate time.