Seeking multiple opinions is always better than only getting one. Having different people look at your problem offers new solutions others might not have thought of before. Only getting one opinion isn't reliable because that one person could be biased in one direction or might not be as experienced as others. While only asking one inexperienced person may lead to bias, multiple opinions could lead to new solutions to your problem.

Asking multiple people is better than only asking one because the one person you're asking could be inexperienced with the topic. Some people are more experienced with some topics then others. For example, some students are better at math and science then they are at English and civics. If you needed help with civics class then you shouldn't ask those students because they aren't great at civics. Asking multiple people for their advice is less risky than only asking one person who could be inexperienced with the topic.

Another reason you should ask multiple people instead of one is because they might be biased. Bias is when a person is leaning towards one side of an argument because of something personal. If you ask someone who is biased in one direction then you won't be able to hear the other side of the argument. For example, when people are called for jury duty, the government chooses people that are unbiased toward the topic. By asking multiple people for their advice and opinions, you would be able avoid bias and hear both sides of the argument.

Not only is getting multiple opinions more secure than only getting one, but getting multiple opinions could also lead to more advice and new solutions for your problem. Not everyone thinks the same, some people are sure to come up with solutions that others haven't thought of. You only get one solution by asking only one person while the more people you ask, the more solutions you have to your problem. The more solutions you have, the easier it is to solve your problem.

Seeking only one opinion is not as good as seeking multiple opinions. While the one person you're asking could be inexperienced with the topic or be biased, asking multiple people for their advice is more secure and should get you more solutions. The more solutions and advice you have, the easier it will be to solve your problem. So next time you need advice, make sure you ask multiple people instead of just one.