Driverless cars can be unsafe to many people, but there are people who support the idea 100%.

Seregy Brin states," he envisions a future with a public transportaion system where fleets of driverless cars from a public-transport taxi systtem. The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus". Since the car will be driving around with no human driver and offer a wider range of transportaion, then,

that could lead to many harmful occurances. There have been many things that were technology based that were not the safest thing to have. A stove magically catching on fire is one example but another example could be a plane crash due to malfunctions and not because it was shot down by another country. If the car has to tel the driver that he or she needs to take over then the car is not needed." They still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues". There are so many downfalls to having driverless cars that there does not need to be any type of driverless cars on the street.

If there were to be driverless cars in the near future then no one would have to drive anymore , but some people may not have the money nor the right resources to go and buy a car that drives itself. Many people would be terrified by the idea of a driverless car because the idea has not been around for hundreds of years. Some ideas are not worth sharing with the rest of the world. To have a hightech car such as the driverless car means, it would have to be as smart as a human driver to uphold those type of responsibilities. if Google can create a smart technological car that can drive a car the way a human coould then there could be some exceptions made.

Many people agree with the making of the car because ti will relieve alot of things and no ne will have to worry about driving 15 hours to another state becasue, the new and improved car will do all of that on its own. The traumatic thing about that is, there can be glitches and the car can freeze. The car could glitch, or, freeze in the middle of the road and create a terirble accident that could lead to death. ther are too many negative outcomes towards the car , that, changing the world that much right now, or, even in the near future is too much to try, and handle. There are too many other things going on in the world then to worry about making a car that does not need a human driver to operate it. Even if the car is made correctly , many people will not have money to pay for it. Other than safety there are other things to worry about such as exspenses. then after exspenses ,how much mooney wil be going into having enough supply, product, and inventory for many people to have the car. Then, they would have to worry about how much fuel the car would need, or how much elecricity the car would need in order to be operated. People try to come up with differnt ways to make so much money, they try to make it seem like they are right in what they are doing but in all reality some things can be a joke. The driverless car tempts death. the car does not sound too convincing for many people to pay for it .

Although, in many peoples mind, the idea of a driverless car seems to be more efficient, does not mean it is more safe. The driverless car can change the world really quickly and it can change the world into being alot worst than what it is. The next invention might be robots for every household, and that can lead to many downfalls. The driverless car is inspiring many other ideas that are not safe . What can be depicted from the passage is, that,

transportaion isses will be handled more efficiently. Anyone who is in their right mind would not buy such a product. Risking many epoples lives just so that an "interesting' product is out on the streets is not an idea that needs to be supported at all.