Space travel is something we people of Earth have just only begun to tinker with. Even after our many launches of aircrafts into the atmosphere, we know very little of what it truly out in the endless void of space. In the article, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author suggests that studying Venus specifically is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The author would be correct in this statement as we humans know very little about the planet because of numerous factors making it a difficult planet to study, but solving those problems would lead into advancement. Including that becuase the planet is closely related to earth, that could mean it supported life long ago. Lastly that striving to meet the challenge presented, despite the roadblocks, would lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.

The planet in space we call Venus has a reputation for how troubling it is to study because of numerous factors. As included in the article, Venus has "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets...clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid...planet's surface tempurature average of over 800 degrees Fahrenheit...Atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater..." Venus is an extremely difficult planet to study which is why it would be such an amazing goal to study it fully. If NASA and the people of Earth fight to overpower these issues, we would advance as a species, developing more solutions to fight these problems. By facing the problems presented by Venus, we would finally be able to study it and even find out is there is, or was life on Venus.

In the article, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author stated that "Astromoners are facinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." Shortly after this, they also stated that "Long ago, Venusm was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." The search for life in space has been one outrageously demanded by the public and Venus may very well be the place to look, after we can penetrate the bounderies it has in store. It was even stated in the article that Venus even has features extremely similar to some found on Earth, furthering the support that Venus could have or does support life. Regardless if Venus supports life or not, if we as a species can get past the barriers of Venus, would lead us into many equaly intimidating endeavors that we can surpass.

The author sugests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents and supports that when they say, "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equaly intimidating endeavors." They also say in the next sentence "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." By surpassing the challenge of Venus, we will have the technology an wisdom to surpass other difficult challenges we may encounter, overall gaining the knowledge and power to gain more knowledge and power.

The exploration of Venus is indeed a difficult and dangerous task, but in the end would be worth while. By advancing our technologies we can bypass the dangers of Venus and pave the road to move onto even more dangerous and difficult tasks, both on out planet and outside our planet. We could gain the knowledge of how similar Earth and Venus are, finalizing if it could have or did support life at one point in time. And the factors making Venus so dangerous, would be minimalized and surpassed. 