In my opinion, I think that the Electoral College method should be abolished, because with it; the Presidential elections are quite useless. I'm specifically talking about the way Presidents get popular votes. The system is very out-dated and very irrational. When the Founding fathers founded this country, they said that the "People of America" get a voice and say in everything, well, not everything. But still their own say during the Presidental Elections are useless, the only real true thing to do is vote for the Senate Electors for the Presidential elections since the Electoral College proccess is mainly controlled by the Senate, the Senators vote for the Presidential canidate. You see, the only way canidates actually win the every 4 year elections in November is by the amount of votes they get, by NOT the people, but by the Senators that pleged with them during the Electoral College. In this essay I'll explain why this system is to bad for our today's world and how it can lead to false moves and corruption.

First off, is what's exactly the Electoral College? It's not a place, it's more like a proccess of choosing and voting for a Presidential canidate. You see the votes that regular U.S citizens do, do not count as the actual votes, though back then the system did work; it doesn't today. Back then around the 18th and mid 19th century, this Electoral College system worked outstounding for it's time, mainly because at first America was a new country, and the Senate that did do the voting and choosing were well educated and have experience. Most citizens in the American States weren't really that educated very well, mostly for new borns since the nation just finished their revolution and they were still in debt at the time, and so not everybody was rich enough to afford anything, in turn they have no knowlege of the way the world now works. Then during the civil war, half the country became another country known as the Conferderate States of America, which opposed the ideals of a more freer nation of other half of the country, known as the United States of America. The Electoral College did help President Abe to be elected, though it was mainly because he was popular since he used the ideal of abolishing and freeing slaves to gain populraity. And alot of people opposed him to become President, but thanks to the College process; he won the Elections, and re-united the two nations into the United States of America.

So, does this will in today's world? No, abosolutely not, it doesn't work, and will never work unless America gets 1984'ed and become a false and brainwashed Utopia. Due to our general corrupt society, the right President's get denied, and the corrupt and wrongful citizen gets elected. I can relate this issue with the 2000 Presidential Election crisis. In the 2000 elections, Al Gore gets the most popular votes, infact so much more then George Bush, that it was clear he can easily win the 2004 elections. But since the Electoral College is still intact, they voted for George Bush, and Bush won the elections by 5 more votes then the popular and better organized President, Al Gore. Because of this, most of America got an economy train wreck from in 2007-2008 and also wasted many resources on a the War on Terror battle from 2003, which is now gone and has a similar operation that is still on-going called Operation Enduring Freedom. Also unlike the old times when America was a new country, in today's modern 21st Century America, I can assure you that we have 95% percent of the Population educated by our today's educational standards tops. Which means that America doesn't need a hand when voting for a new President, and that shows that the Electoral College is not needed anymore, anytime. The Governments and it's people today are also very corrupt at times. This will also include the Electoral College, and can affect many lives for many people. Everybody can now make their own choice thanks to our very effective education system. So this proves the College group is now useless for voting.

Finally that's why we should abolish like Bob Dole said, it can cause a lots of corruption, and was only made for it's time since at that time many people were un-educated and couldn't even read, and now a day's today's society is very well off on educated minds. And has enough corruption as it is. And so that's the nutshell of this essay, and this is why we should remove the Electoral College. As its unfair and unfit for today's world and society of the American Government.    