What is a summer project? A summer project is self explanatory. It is a project that is made by students teachers in some schools with the purpose of making sure students continue learning throughout their summer break. When given a summer project who should be the one designing it? Would it be best for the project to be designed by the teachers, who know what is the most important material for students, or by a student, who knows what material is already known to them? Making these decisions may be something difficult to decide on. I believe that summer projects should be student and teacher-designed.

The main reason as to why I believe the projects should be both student and teacher-designed is because in the eyes of the teacher they might believe a subject is difficult and could be easily forgotten but to the students it could be the easiest subject that they have learned. The student could be stuck on a subject that the teacher found to be the easiest one out of them all. This way if both, the teacher and the student work together on designing the project it could benefit the student in the future school year. This process may take more time than it would if it was just the teacher designing it but it is more secure.

Another reason as to why it would be best for the projects to be student and teacher-designed is because of the time it may take. If teachers would be doing them alone they would have to be looking back and forth on what each individual student needs to improve in. On the other case if students help out it would be less time they spend because the students will be explaining to the teacher what they do not understand or the subjects that they struggle in.

If the students were to design their projects on their own there is high chance that they would choose the subjects that they understand. Most students would take advantage of their opportunity on to get an easy A on the project. Let's be honest how many students do you think would willingly be working on a project for school over the summer rather than hanging out with friends or being on their phones. Students don't want to be spending the only real time they have out of school just to be working on school work, they will attempt to make it easy on themselves.

In conclusion the best option for designing school projects is the teachers and their students. In a way students wouldn't be able to copy off of each other because not everyone struggles in the same subjects.