Some schools require students to complete summer teacher-designed projects. Knowledge can't be taken away from one once being aquired. We can say that learning is something we do in our every day lives. Even during a small break like Spring Break, students tent to forget the material they priorly learned. Summer is no different, if not worse. School should provide students with student-designed summer projects because, it gives them motivation to learn, teaches them about responsibilities, learn about time management.

Student-designed projects can give students motivation to learn more during their vacation. The goal of having schools require students to complete a summer project is to assure they stay learning. What a better way to do this than with something personalize to each student. They can do something they find interesting and unique. This produces drive in them. Students get to learn and do something they find passion in, at the same time motivating them to go the extra mile to learn.

Summer projects can also teach them about responsibilities. School already teaches students to be responsible and to identify what are their priorities at the moment. Once summer comes in and students face themselves with so much free time in their hands; Learning is no longer a priority. Some tent to lack motivation and that results in laziness. Putting their responsibilities aside and not their main priority. Being responsible is a trait you'll find yourself using often in your day to day life. With a summer project schools are making sure students have something that will be of their interest, providing them the oportunity to obtain knowledge at the same time.

Students will have to learn about time management. In order for students to be able to have free time during their break they'll have to learn how to manage their time. This is another form of identifying your priorities. Time management is something that we all use to be more successful in life. It's something students will use for their jobs, at home, school, and even in their hobbies. It's a trait that will make students life less stressful and they'll be more likely to get more work done effortlessly.

Some would say that summer is meant for students to have a break from school and that theirs no point in summer break if they still have to do school projects. This is why student-designed projects are something school should provide students with. It gives them something productive to do while learning traits they'll use all life long not only at school. Teaching them dicipliny and dedication. In conclusion schools should provide students with student-designed summer projects to assure that they'll be learning,not only about school but personal traits that will help them in the long run while doing something of their interest that won't feel forced. 