If you need advice you should ask someone. Or maybe you should ask more than one person. Have you ever though about it if you ask for advice from one person their opinion might be different than someone else. If you ask one person they will say their opinion but maybe someone else has their own opinion. you should ask more than one person so you can get a better idea of what everyone is thinking about it not what one person is thinking about. It is crazy how you can have so many opinions or just one would you rather have advice from one person or advice from many to see what the most popular choice is.

Ask a friend a family member anyone you trust enough to give you advice. Siblings and parents give some of the best advice. Why,because they know you better than anyone else they can help you in pretty much any situation. Getting advice might be hard but you just need to believe in it and give it a try. Just be brave and ask a close friend parents siblings trust in yourself and trust in advice

I once tried to do something but i didnt know if I could. So I asked a few of my friends one of my friends said no. two more of my friends said no but then one of my friends since I was kid came up and said yes and my brother said yes. That was when I decided that my close friends and family give me better advice than my new friends. I tried what my friends said I couldn't do and I did it only because my family and close friends gave me good advice.

So even if you can get great advice from one person try to get a group of advice to find out the best idea. if you wanted to rob a bank would you get one friend that says yeah sure or would you want fifty of your other friends saying no. That is an example of good advice taking asking many people for advice instead of one or two. you will have a higher chance of coming out better with more advice advice than one or two people. if some random kid said I bet you wont jump into the river and you ask all of your family and they say dont, who's advice would you take?