Phones & Driving

Today, the majority of humans own and operate cell phones on the daily basis. Many people in today is society who own cell phones operate them while they are driving. Drivers shouldn't be allowed nor able to use their cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

The usage of cell phones while operating a vehicle is a very debatable topic. One example of why cell phones should not be used because they take the person is attention off of the road. The usage of a cellular device is dangerous especially when it comes to operating a vehicle. People using a phone will be too focused on it and that could lead to an accident.

Fines have been placed as a consequence for cell phone usage. The fines are to get fewer people to use their phones, but it really is not much of a help. Many think they should be able to use their phones so the fines do not really mean much to them. For example, people say if you do not pay this phone bill then you shouldn't be able to tell me what to do with it. In the other case many people do it without thinking about what could happen and how it could greatly effect themselves or the people around.

Suspension of license is also another consequence of driving while using cell phones. There is so much that can be looked over but it only takes that one time to do it to the point where you are affected. Some people will abide by the rules of driving without the use of a cellular device while there are some who do not. Everyone cannot be spoken for, although the majority can be put into the category of people who use cell phones while driving.

In conclusion, the usage of cell phones has many reason as to why it shouldn't be allowed. In my opinion, it is better to be safe than sorry in any situation that deals with driving. The life is of yourself and others is what really matters at the end of the day. Waiting until you get home or your destination to use your phone should always be the route that's taken. People should always think of others and yourself before you decide to use a cell phone while driving.

2         