The Face isn't made by aliens becuase it is just a natural land form, and if we look at pictures taken be our spacecraft is will show us it is not a face. Also the Face was proven to be just a land form by Global Surveyor when it took a new picture in 2001.

The face is also not alian made becuase if it was there would be more then just a face to prove that they were there. Also scientists can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size to see if the picture was right and that it's not a face. Also another thing is the picture actually shows that it is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa that are landforms common around the American West.

Another reason it could have looked like a face is the took a picture of the Face on Mars and its located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in April 1998. Witch means the camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face. Witch could have messed up the picture. The new picture was taken on Nevertheless April 8, 2001—a cloudless summer day in Cydonia—Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look at the face. They had to roll the spacecraft 25 degrees to center the Face in the field of view. Malin’s team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera’s absolute maximum resolution. Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo. Before they got that picture they had to do alot of hard work.

Heres what the did, Mission controllers prepared to look again. they said It’s not easy to target Cydonia. In fact, it’s hard work. Mars Global Surveyor is a mapping spacecraft that normally looks straight down and scans the planet like a fax machine in narrow 2.5 km-wide strips. They just don’t pass over the Face very often. The first time they took the pickture it wasnt that good of a picture. This is what happened before they got the good photo. On April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing. a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all. It was a better photo then the first one taken by the viking but it had a glare and wasn't as good as the second one.

This is why the face isn't an alien artifact, and it is also why it is not being looked at alot and observed. The Face is just a natural landform on mars that is sorta like a butte or mesa—landform found around the American West. It alo kinda looks like the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. The Middle Butte a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars. Thats why Its not Alien it is just a natural land form.