Students are exhausted. Sitting in a classroom for seven hours a day is tiresome and inhibits the learning of many. However, technological advancements may have a solution. Online learning, such as online lectures and video classes, have replaced the traditional classroom in many settings, though with mixed reception. However, I believe that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because of efficiency, preparatory experience for college, and a positive learning environment.

I believe attending class through the internet results in more efficient learning for students. According to the psychological Yerkes-Dodson Theory, if one experiences too much stress, their level of performance will decrease dramatically. If students are too stressed out, they may not be performing at their absolute best. This may result in decreased test scores, class averages, and overall learning retention. Although some say that learning from home is counter intuitive, online learning can actually be more productive than at school. By learning at home, students no longer have to deal with the everyday stresses and hassles that they face at school. Being in the familiar presence of their own home instills a certain degree of relaxation in students, which is absolutely vital to boosting productivity. Through the use of online learning, students are likely to become more productive, efficient, and better learners.

I believe students should be exposed to online learning to help prepare them for college. Many universities have already implemented online learning in their curriculum for a multitude of courses, such as Computer Science and Human Resources. By learning from home, kids know what to expect when they arrive at college, easing the transition for first-year students. Without a strong foundation in online learning, students will not know how to navigate the digital classroom and fall behind. Ultimately, students who know the mechanics, aspects, and overall feel of online learning will likely have a better chance of succeeding in college than those without it. In the end, I believe students who engage in online learning would have a greater preparedness for college.

I believe students would benefit from attending classes from home because it is a more positive learning environment than school. In my experience as a high school student, many of my peers are very judgmental. They often make fun of and berate other students who struggle when learning. Students who need more time to grasp the content or just ask basic questions are often targeted and ridiculed. This makes it extremely difficult to meaningfully engage with the material because most traditional classrooms are unsafe learning environments. However, by staying at home, students are free from the contempt of their peers and able to reach their true learning potential. Therefore, I believe students would benefit from a more positive learning environment if they studied from home.

As an educator, the success of one's students is of utmost importance. Therefore, I believe schools should seriously consider learning from home if they want to improve their students' quality of learning. The use of online learning can augment students in different ways, such as increased productivity or better preparation for higher education. By letting them learn from home, schools can help transform students into well-rounded, efficient individuals. After all, shouldn't schools push their students for the absolute best?