People often ask more than one person for advice because other people experience different things, giving a wider variety of information to the person asking. This can greatly help someone who cannot decide on something and needs others advice on the situation.

One reason people ask multiple people for advice is because people can learn from others experiences. People can learn from their mistakes and can share information about what to do and what not to do to others going through a similar situation. For example, my mom is one of the first people I ask if I need advice on anything. She is much older than me so I assume she has already experienced most of the things I go through. A few months ago, I needed advice on a school project so I went to her for help. She told me about similar projects she did at my age and was able to give me some advice on what to say and how to present the project. Since she had already experienced a project similar to the one I had due, she was able to give me solid, good advice on it. Another reason to ask multiple people for advice on something is because there is more information to use.

Everyone experiences things in different ways. This allows a variety of information to use when trying to solve a problem. For example, when I first began babysitting children in my neighborhood I was nervous because I was scared that I would have no idea what to do. I asked my mom, my dad, my aunt, and my friends for advice. Each of them had very different advice and opinions on what to do with the kids, what to feed the kids, and how strict I should be. I gathered all of the feedback and was able to come up with an idea of how I should act around the kids and what to do with them. Using the information that other people had gathered from their own babysitting experiences allowed me to be prepared for mine. Yes, asking more than one person for advice provides more information, but it also gives a clearer perspective of the situation.

Hearing other peoples views on a certain topic or problem can provide a clearer view of the situation to the person actually going through it, giving them a clearer idea on what to do about it. If someone does not completely understand the situation they are facing, hearing someone explain it to them or give their views on the problem can help the person better understand it. For example, a few years ago in history class, we were learning about World War 2 and I didn't understand why some people did what they did and how they thought it was a good idea. I was very confused with most of it until my friend and teacher explained it to me. They told me about why certain sides did the things they did and what some of it represented to each country, religion, and side. I soon understood what it was all about and how it affected us and the rest of the world. Another reason to ask multiple people for advice on something is because it can help people who are very indecisive get a quicker and sometimes better answer.

In conclusion, it is sometimes helpful to get more than one persons advice before making a final decision because it can provide you with more information on the subject, allows you to know what other people have done in the same or a similar situation, and can give you a clearer view on the problem itself. 