Imagine a life without your car. Seem impossiable? Residents in suburban Vauban, Germany are giving up their cars for a "car free" community. Sure, we love our cars and easy transportation to far away places but consider the benefits such as: environmental rehabitation, saves money and a happier lifestyle.

Cars cause lots of of pollution that dirty our atmosphere. According to Source 2 by Robert Duffer, "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." Smog, pollution caused by driving, is haunting cities and threating the environment. In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars by Elisabeth Rosenthal states, "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." That being said, less automoblie use is fundamental in order to preserve our environment.

Diesel fuel is expenisve but also nessacery in order to drive. Gas prices are not only high but in order to provide gas we strip the earth of its natural resources thta take millions of year to replish. Wars have been started over it and some are still in action. Walking could save money and lives. In The End of Car Culture by Elisabeth Rosenthal, " Part of the explanation certainly lies in the recession, because cash-strapped Americans could not afford new cars, and the unemployed werent going to work anyway." Buying is car in both expensive and stressful.

Happiest is key to a good life. In Source 1 by Elisabeth Rosenthal a Mother states, "'When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way,' said Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and a mother of two, as she walked verdent streets where the swish of bicycles and chatter of wanding childern drown out the occasional distant motor." Without the danger of cars, pedestrians are safer and have less to worry about. Car accidents would be at an all time low and would save millions of lives. Imagine a world where the constant threat of an accident didn't occur.

Finally, the end of the use of cars is upon us. Sure, we love our cars and easy transportation to far away places but consider the benefits such as: environmental rehabitation, saves money and a happier lifestyle. Together we can insure conservation of the environment and provide a happier and cheaper lifestyle for the generations to come.    