You've been at school all day ready to go to work to get money so your able to help your family who's been down on their luck lately and you just want to help them so you apply for a job you get it then your not allowed to go to work because you have to stay after school for hours doing something you dont want to. I disagree with this because theres a ton of stuff this would effect.

firstly it would be a giant hassle for anybody who has daily afterschool plans or has to do something because they would get in trouble for not going. Then it would be another giant hassle for people who do activities outside of school because then the school will think he's not doing them and then he'll get in trouble.

Another group of people it would be a giant hassle for is babysitters if you have to watch a little sibling after school or babysit for someone it would make it so you couldn't babysit. Another giant group of people it would effect is kids with afterschool jobs because they or their family might need that money but instead of working a job they have to work on the yearbook.

Then another group of people this would effect is student all of them, think about it what student wants to stay at school instead of relaxing at home. every students schedule would get changed by this and it would disrupt and change the community time schedule because now stores and fast food places that usually get alot of student customers when the school day is over will now get little to none. So i really do think that this little change that the principle is making can change the schedule of the town. Then another persons schedule that would change is Parents' schedule because if they have to pick their kid up at a later time then, that would mean groups of people coming at the same time which would cause a ton of traffic so then it all combined together will make it so stores have less Customers other than students and it will be harder to get around for the whole town.

So in conclusion let me know what you think whether we should be forced to do school activities after school or if we can do our jobs. If you agree with me stand up to your principle if they do force you to do afterschool activities then write a persuasive essay like i did. and you dont know but it might just change his mind about it. Bye and thanks for reading