When you were a child do you remember when your parents would force you to play a sport, hangout with someone you didn't like, or make you do anything you did not want to do? It would feel like a chore not like a fun activity, even when it was meant to be fun. This would be the same concept if we forced students to do a extracurricular. I disagree with making it required to do a extracurricular activity because it should be the students choice, the teams would suffer, and some students don't have the time.

It should be the students choice if they want to participate in a after school activity. Just like it is a students choice in what they wear, who their friends with, and what they choose to eat. Extracurricular activities are extra it even says it in the name, they are not required and should not be required. If everyone had to participate in an extracurricular then a lot of kids would be stuck in something they don't have a passion in. In even worse cases some students who have no interest in basketball but a huge passion in theater, would be stuck on the basketball team and not in the school play because all the spots would be filled.

The teams overall performance would suffer greatly. Any kid who you force to do something they do not want to do will not try. This will leave lots of people not trying their best on teams and would cause lots of games to be lost, or a less amazing final product. Sports teams would have lots of players who are not good. Tryouts happen for this reason, so that only the best makes the team. This may sound bad but it is best and also gives students motivation if they do not make the team they want. Getting cut from a team growing up can also teach a valuebul life lesson that you have to work for what you want and sometimes you will fail but to always get up and try better next time. Sports are not the only example where this can occur. In plays or debate teams you would have lots of kids who are not outgoing so they wouldn't want to try.

Some parents and kids simply do not have the time. A lot of parents work late and would not be able to pick up there kids which would cause schools to be open really late. There are kids who are in very difficult classes and need all their after school time to do homework and study, kids who also are on other sports teams that require them to be very punctual, and unfortunately there are students that need to watch after their own siblings when they get home.

Do not make kids feel like they have to do something. Forcing extracurricular activities is not the principals choice, would effect teams performances, and create issues with time. You can not forget this would also be adding a lot more stress. Students already worry about due dates and upcoming tests that adding another set of this would increase anxiety and maybe even depression. So let students choose if they participate in extracurricular activities. 