If you ask a student what their favorite season is, chances are they are going to say summer. Summer to children is a time of relaxation and stress-relief from their ten hardworking months of schooling. However, schools often times leave them a project to accomplish over the summer to keep the subjects learned in their mind over the summer. It is for that goal I say that those summer projects should be teacher-designed projects, as opposed to student-designed projects, because teacher-designed projects are better organized, are time-managment friendly, and are easier on the teachers when grading.

When you compare teacher-designed projects to student-designed projects, often times you find the teacher-designed ones to be the better organized. That is due to their adult sense as opposed to a child designed ones. It is pretty obvious if you think about it. Who would you expect to have a cleaner backpack, an adult or a kid? 99% of the time it's going to be the adult. Another reason to this argument is that when a teacher designs the project, It is simple, and it has a rubric, to help clear confusion and what it takes to get the best grade possible. If a child were to design that same thing, going back to when we said an adult organization skills are better than a child, that it will not be as clear and straight forward as a teachers (another reason we will get to soon) because the assortment of ideas behind the project will not be as straight forward and will be more confusing to the grader, leaving you off with a worst grade. With those ideas taken in mind, It appears pretty obvious that the student-designed are not as organized as a teacher

Although adults struggle with the same issue also, I would say all have better time managment skills than a child. That is a main reason why teachers should design projects and not students. Teachers would be able to set specific marks on their project so students don't get stressed out about how to do a huge project spaced out over a very long period of time. When teachers set specific due dates on a project, students tend to get better grades due to this facts. Keeping these issues in mind, summer is a time for relaxation and stress relief, so why shouldn't the students be able to do their projects at their own pace and not be forced to do a project that makes them feel like they are back in school. For that, I say the teacher can also set the due dates to make sure you remember the topics you learned over the summer in a way that a student-designed project cannot simply because of the teachers expertise because she is a teacher that went to school to become a teacher. These reasons taken into account, it's not hard to see that teacher-designed projects are more time-managment friendly than student-designed ones.

The most essential point and the whole purpose of the project is the grading, which, with a teacher-designed project, is easier on the teacher than a student-designed one. One of the key factors to this is that a teacher CAN have a set rubric to her own project, which will make grading go by easier and more accurately. Opposing this, when the project is student-designed, there will be multiple projects, forcing the teacher to spend more time grading them and not as efficiently. With this idea being kept in mind, the more efficient and faster way to grade projects is to have them be teacher-designed as opposed to student-design.

All these topics being brought together, and it shows that the most beneficial way for both teacher and student on a summer project, is to have it be teacher-designed. That way, the student is still feeling stress free, from summer, going into the school year because they have done a better job on that summer project and not fearing getting a scolding from their parents for getting a bad grade for some reason they cannot control, for they are just a child. 