Everyone wants to the know the right choice. People usually look for another point of view to make make sure they are making the best choice possible. Seeking multiple opinions on a situation shows you another thought process than your own. When deciding on big things like collage or a wedding dress you want to be reassured your making the best choice possible. You'll never know if you made the best choice until you hear everyone's opinion. Almost 100% of the time somebody could have made a better choice than you and is willing to give input.

The first reason for asking for advice from more than one person is reassurance. Your brain always helps you choose the answer the inference is the best based on your past knowledge and your information on the subject. But no single person knows everything there is to know. Thats why we look to more than one point of view. No two people think the same exact way, because of that i'm always going to want to know what they think on said topic. Knowing how more than one person's train of thought works to get their answer helps me shift my thinking to assure that I have selected the best option possible.

Specifically, one example is deciding on a collage. When deciding on a collage you take advice from your guidance consular, parents, and collage representatives at fairs. Making such a big choice requires a lot of scouting and studying. When deciding on collages you look for a range of opinions to make the best choice according to the information you find. Your parents may have a different collage in mind for you than your teachers, thats when you use another point of view.

However, when consulting such a wide rage of views it may change your way of thought. If you were doing your homework and you asked what everyone else got and you got A, and they got D, it may lead to a learning experience that will become past knowledge. You may use that past knowledge sometime in the future and it will help you make a better choice than if you did not. However, you have learned a new skill that will help you in the future.

In conclusion, people ask more than one person for advice to make a better choice. They seek more than one persons advice because nobody has the same train of thought. Asking others for advice lets you see it from a whole new range of views. People seeking another thought process can help them make a better choice because you may think now that they've explained it to you that their option is a better option and helps you make the right choice. And because Almost 100% of the time somebody could have made a better choice than you and is willing to give input.