Cars are one of the most important transportation in the world today. The reason the number of cars being sold is going down is because they are getting too expensive. Some people that do not have jobs are not able to afford getting a new car. There are people that have to sell their cars just so they can get a house to live in. Todays society does not have many cars because people have more technology today like cellphones and laptops. Several people that dont have a car either can't afford it, use a cellphone and walk places, or ride a bike places. Not everyone has the joy of driving a car so they don't bother trying to buy one. The newer cars are way over priced and noone is going to want to over pay for a vehicle. Ever since 2005 the amount of cars getting sold has been steadily dropping. When 2013 hit, the numbers of miles driven per person dropped 9% and was equal to the amount in 1995.

First, The percentage of people driving on the road went down because of the expense of the newer vehicles. The ones that were unemployed had no way of getting a new car because they did not work. Some people just did not have a good paying job to where they could be able to afford a new car. Every year more and more people loose their job so when they need a new car they will not be able to get one because they will have no money. Because of the expense of cars now the rate of ownership per household went down severely. The more the price the cars go up the lower the rate for people buying cars. Car dealerships are never going to sell any cars if they keep raising the prices.

Secondly, the people that have to sell their cars to buy a house should not have to do that. Everyone needs to have some kind of transportation but they cant with the prices of everything now a days. The prices should not be so high so people can afford to have a car for transportation and a home to live in. The world is not getting treated fairly especially the ones that are trying to get a job and noone will hire thems so they are not able to afford a car and a car payment. Noone should have to walk places to get anything because people make fun of them and there shouldn't be any judging. There are reasons the people without transportation have to walk and i believe that should change. The world should be better than what it is right now, there are so many disrespectful people in this world that think they are rich. People should never have to give up their vehicles or house for anything.

Finally, Todays society is going down because the prices shot up like a rocket these past few years. People are severely suffering because of them going up extremely quick and that should have never happened and i believe it needs to be fixed as fast as possible. The ones that are trying to get a job deserve to be able to afford a car but since noone wants to hire anyone they cant afford anything. Then, the ones selling their cars is not good they need to have a way of getting around especially if they have kids that needs to go to school or the doctors. The people suffering should not be suffering since they are trying the best they can.                                                                                    