If your principal said to all students at your school that they must participate in at least one extracurricular activity what would you do? Well I think if this where to ever happen to a school then I think it would be a good idea but for other people it might not. Realistically if your principle wanted to make that choice then there would have to be a vote or go through a meeting to discuss on it because there is going to be that one person or group that does not agree with it.

For example if students were to participate in these activities like sports,after school activates and others than would these activities take up to much time. On top of this students have to do homework about everyday and what are they going to do if this gets in the way because we dont know how long these activates would last for but with that there is family stuff and other things that must happen. What skills or abilities would be nessasary for these activities, say if you want to play a specific sport but you dont know how to play it can you still sign up? or if you want to participate with friends on the your English project and dont know how to draw well then can you still be apart. These are some of the things that students might be worried about when saying that they have to participate in an extracurricular activity.

Many students may have some type of disability, However if you do then you dont have to participate. Look at it this way if a student has a mental health issue or was born with a disease then would they really be forced to do this? In my opinion I would say no so thats one thing that the principle would have to think about. From a parents perspective what would they say? because if your parents dont agree with it then they will most likely talk to the principal. Say if you were to join this activity then you would have to get your parents to say yes. What would the responsibilities be for you and your parents how would they be impacted in this. These are just some things that could be an issueand that the principal can reference for there idea.

Students would most likely want to know exactly what kind of activities are available. I think the principal should make posters and hang them up in the hallway and see what activity get the most votes and make those a choice. One thing to consider is the schedule,time and date of these activities. If you sign up for an activity that you really like and have been waiting for and there is no more space because it is involved with the whole school what do you do? The Principal must consider this to make there plan work if not done.

Think about this realistic occurrence of a student getting hurt or getting sick is a big concern for the principal because they would definitely need a janitor specifically for after school hours. In result the principal would have to have every students medical information and parents contacts incase of an emergency like the one mentioned above. Because these activities would most likely be after school but some during school hours to. These are the really important risks of being in charge of the whole school because if something bad happens you get blamed for it.

In conclusion these are the ideas and concerns that I think would best help with making a reasonable choice whether to make this an option or not. In all I think that Students should not have to participate in an activity at school. There are so many more and better activities students would rather do and not be forced to do it.