Do you think that people would rather have the popular vote for the president of the United States or the Electoral College? If some of you guys dont know what an Electoral College is, then it is a process, not a place. The process consists of the selection of the electors, by the meeting of electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. Now that you know its basiclly like your not even getting to have a chance at what you want, and not even a chance at getting to say what you want. That is why you would agree with me on the fact that we no longer should have the Electoral College. The voters & people in our country should strongly agree with having the election by popular vote. I think this because the Electoral College is unfair to voters and also the people in our country. Their are many of reasons on why I chose for it to be changed. One reason is because letting it be by popular vote might decress the conflict between people when one doesn't get what they want also might help the election be more equal. My next reason on changing the Electoral College is because if they run close then more people would be intrested and want more to do with the public election. It might even help the states from having conflict beween each other, and that would help our counrty out alot! We could also keep up with the candidates to make sure that us "our self" is picking the right person to be our presedent of the United States.

If this year goes like last year did then we might have a chance at getting to have the election by popular vote for the President of the United States. 2000 was the biggest election crisis in a century; that system allows for much worse. In 2000, seventeen states didn't see the canidates at all, also Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in twentyfive of the largest media markets didn't get to see one campaign ad. The Electoral college is too unfair, way outdated, and irrational. The Electoral College needs to be Abolished. Better sooner then never.                                                