In my opinion, yes that would be very helpful and valuable to have that type of technology in our classrooms. heres why.

A lot of students hide all of their emotions and hold them inside and that sometimes can make us do crazy irrational things, like shooting up a school full of kids. If we had this technology we could figure out how a student feels and try our best and do whatever we can to help them before it gets to that point. If we had that technology we would be able to get a student into counciling or to a therapist or just to a close friend to talk to because who knows that could save that students life. If we knew what was bothering students or knew that there was something bothering a student we could maybe avoid all of those student v. s. teacher fights that happen because that student isnt in the right mindset and that teacher had no idea.

Another reason why that type of technology would be useful is learning. Say a student was doing some school work on a computer and they start falling asleep because the content is so boring. If we had that type of technology the computer could change the way the content is being presented into a wat that is more interesting and exciting to the student. Every student learns differently and if we had that technology then we all could excel in school.

Not only could we learn better and help the teachers understnad us better we could understand the people around us better. We could learn how to recognize those faces and understand how the person we are talking to is really feeling. Not only that we could make a whole new lie detector test for authorities. If they had those they could truely find out if someone is guilty because as the passage said faces dont lie. Maybe if we had that type of technology helping the law the crime rate would go down emencely because if criminals knew that no matter what they did they would always fail this test if they lied they wouldnt commit those crimes and risk getting caught.

In conclusion, having this technology could help the world beyond our imagination. If we had this, maybe, just maybe our dreams for a better place might start to become true.