I strongly agree with principal's decision about participating in extracurricular activities.

First, extracurricular activity will help you learn a second set of skill, and those skills will be a good reference for you now and in the future. For example, Joining clubs, sports team, and volunteering implies that you are very talented and a self confident person by that i mean you want to make a change to your life,unlike those who don't want to work hard, try to change themselves and fix there mistakes, rise up, and those who want to be a loser. We now live in the 21st century its our job to be a leader and lead our future generations, by getting a firsthand experience of our future career and becoming a better person. There are many clubs you can join that matches your personality, if you like cyber security you can join a club like cyber patriot, and if you really like building join a S.T.E.M club. You never have to worry about not joining a club ever because there are more clubs you can participate in, than the total number of star in the whole galaxy combined, in my calculation .

Next, joining extracurricular activities will help defeat boredom, studies have shown that nearly all kids experience some sort of boredom in there life more than adults. The reason for that is that kids don't do anything outside of school that is working to strengthening their brains, adults on the other hand are very hard working and outgoing, they work day and night to get us going by and have a good life . Not working and challenging your brain is one reason why kids do bad in school, the students ability to do out of the box thinking is lacking due to not learning and doing anything new out. Your brain is a pretty big blob of muscles and if you don't give it a workout by doing something new, soon your brain weaken and you wont be able to get anything in it .Try not to take your brain for granted, do something new before your brain becomes too lazy to function properly.

In addition,

doing a extra activities is really good, but it shouldn't be a distraction for you, this means that you still need to do your homework, study for any test, and turn in any work on time. Extra curricular mean doing and learning something extra in your free time and doing school and academic work as well and succeed. And if you can't handle anything extra, tell your principal and a trusted adult that you can't handle it, and they will understand. Doing extra is not necessarily better, your health matters most, if you feel good go right ahead and do it,but if you feel not so good no one can force you to do it.

Finally

, today we discussed the many positives about doing an extra activity, like I mentioned those positive can be both long term and short term but sometimes extra can mean a lot of stress to some people, like I always say "do whats best for you". Life is not about what you do , it's about how you do things and if you like it or not. Despite the bad things, the principle decision about doing extra is really helpful for everyone in many ways.