Do you like to ask people questions, or do you like to stay quiet?

Honestly, I stay silent, but asking people for their opinions is a terrific idea.

When I say people, I mean at least 10 people. Why you may ask, well i'll enplane.

I think asking people for advice, or asking more than one person is a good idea for these exact very reasons,

having more than one perspective gives you better options, some peoples ideas can be better than others, some people have weak opinions, and also you could vote on it.

Firstly, It's better to have more than one perspective on your question before yo answer it.

If you do this you are less likely to make a choice that is bias.

What I mean is that if you only go with your choice you'll seem selfish.

Being bias, in this scenario, is not as good as a idea as you think it would be.

Maybe your idea wasn't the greatest, if you would to have asked multiple people you would have gotten more choices to pick from. For me, it's always better to have more choices. This is why you should ask more than one person for an perspective or an opinion.

Second off, some peoples ideas are better than others.

Most likely, if you asked multiple people the same question, they will have all sorts of different answers.

Most would probably be better than others.

If you only ask your best friend or co-worker they might not have the answer that you truly need, but you'll still listen because you only got only 2 opinions, theirs, and yours.

So if you get more than just one persons opinion you'll have a better chance of doing something better then you thought.

Some times people have weaker opinions than others.

If you ask someone with a weak opinion on your question they will probably give you a random or odd answer, because they might not know what they are talking about.

Others will have a strong opinions, but you'll never know unless you ask them,.

Instead of asking one person who might give you a good answer or a bad answer, ask a group of people because you'll get some good and bad opinions for your question.

Its always a good thing, in my opinion, to ask instead of assuming that someone has a strong opinion on your question.

Finally, you can make a vote or a chart.

You can make a vote or chart out of everyone you asked opinions.

If you asked 100 people the same question they'll give you different, and same answers.

If people chose the same answer multiple times than that is probably the most common answer. Depending on what the question was, that could be a good or bad thing.

If you can never make your mind ask people, and than record you answers to see witch answer is best, and then they would technically be voting or you could make a chart.

You'll get more than one perspective from people.

Some peoples ideas a re better than others.

People have strong and weak opinions.

You can make a vote from the answers.

These are fantastic reasons why you should ask for advice, talk to more than one person.

Ask more questions, you'll always get an answer weathers its good or not.