Do you know that people who have been in an extracurricular tend to get a higher score on the S.A.T.s than people who haven't? I think that extracurricular activities have many benefits for students. I believe that students should be required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they can be fun, they can teach students certain skills they would't learn normally in school, and can help students get better a a subject they are lagging behind in.

My first reason students should be required to participate in a extracurricular activity is, they can be fun! This year I decided to play soccer, so I can become more fit. First I thought it was going to be boring, however when I joined the team, I had a blast! I also met Generic_Name and Generic_Name, my new friends! I quickly found my place on the team as defense, I am not too good at shooting into the goals, I do better guarding them. Overall, I believe joining the team was a great idea.

My second reason is that they teach students skills they wouldn't learn taking normal classes. My friend Generic_Name joined the woodworking club and made his girlfriend a wooden heart for Valentines Day, she loved it. Later she surprised him with heart shaped cookies that she made in Good Eats. My other friend Generic_Name wants to make computer games when he's older and joined the coding club. He was about as good at coding as a turtle is at walking, he excelled in that club, and he has a some knowledge that can help him if he still wants to make games in the future.

My final reason is that certain extracurricular activities can help someone get better in a subject they don't do well in. I personally don't have any problems learning subjects like math or science, I actually take honors in both of those classes. If wasn't good at those subjects I would take time after school to join a club like "Math Club" where they do pratices and quizes so students can improve. My friend Generic_Name, well he isn't a very big talker and gets nervous when he speaks, so my friends and I wanted him to join theatre. We told him that he would get used talking and step out of his shell, with some effort, he joined the club. Currently he is still working on speaking in big groups, but he is getting better!

In conclusion, making every student partipate in at least one extracurricular activity would be a great idea. It helped me and my friends become better at talking, cooking, woodworking, and soccer. Overall, I think the benefits of adding this new rule overwelm the negatives, they teach students new skills, help them get better at subjects like math and science, and even just give students something that is fun to do after school. 