Imagine that you need to stay home due to a family emergency, but you have an important test to take at school. Some schools offer ways to learn online and be able to see your class lesson even if you are not there. Although it could encourage more people to skip school, it still is a good option if you cant get their. Distant learning is a good option because a family emergency could happen, could watch classes as a way to study, and you could be sick or have other health problems.

Out of school learning would be a good option for people that have family emergencies. In my freshmen year of high school, i had to stay home because my great grandmother had died and i had no way to know what i missed. If schools did out of school learning i could watch and save the class lesson for latter so i would be able to go to the funeral, and not have to worry about what i am missing. Lets say your mom or dad has a medical condition like Autism or Multiple sclerosis, and you need to stay home because they are having trouble with their daily routine. During this situation you could take care of that family member and still do school work due to the out of school learning. In cases like this, it would benefit the student and the teacher because the student is not needing to ask for the makeup work since he already saw the class lesson and did the work.

Out of school learning would be a good option for ways a student could study. Even though some kids do not like to study, this would allow students to watch their class over and over again to get a better understanding for the topic/ class. Some kids have a hard time learning at school because of all the commotion in a classroom, but the teacher could record himself talking about the subject and put it online for students to listen to. Lets say you needed to miss school because you are traveling with family and you had a test the day you are arriving back in town. While on the trip or in the car/ plane, Listing to your notes and past classes could prepare you for the upcoming test. Being able to study this way would increase students ability to do well and prepare for tests.

Out of school learning would help with people that are sick and that have bad anxiety. School can be very hard for kids if they have bad anxiety due to being in a stressful environment with other kids. This would allow students to live a life without fear of going to school because they can learn from class lessons. When i was in sixth grade i had an illness called C diff, this can be very dangerous for people exposed to this very deadly virus. After finally getting out of the hospital i had to start doing work even though i was still sick. One of my teachers had to come to my house to help me, and this could have been dangerous for her since i could still get people sick. In a case like this, out of school learning would be a great tool for students so they dont get other people sick or have major panic attacks.

Out of school learning and doing the video and audio learning could help so many students and would be better for the school system and for its students. It would help people with disabilities or other medical conditions, help with unavoidable emergencies, And would create new ways to study and learn new material. If this is something that you would like your school to have, contact the school board and they might just like your idea.                          