Dear Principal,

I think that your proposal of being, that students who do not have a grade B average can not play sports is a good idea. Being or participating in sports or other activities is a privilege and you need to work hard to get that. However, I know that many students have a grade C average and if they want to play in sports then, maybe we should have more tutorials and tutors. I know that every ones expectations is to get a B or higher. Having a C or below average is a terrible feeling to have and that if students keep on participating in sports with those kind of standards then, the rankings of our school will eventually plummet. Of course many teachers do not want their students to fail and retake the grade.

Many students do not like your idea but, I do. Education comes first and if students do not respect that then, they have no reason to play in sports or extracurricular activities. To me, having a C average is not my expectations. If you do not propose this rule then, people who make it to the team with a grade C average will eventually start to keep on thinking and focusing about it, and they will be distracted with their school work. As i said, participating in sports is a privilege to everybody and that if they do not focus on their education at the same time then, they will struggle as years go on. Actually, I believe that commended performance students are better in sports than those who are near or at failing.

I think that this rule should be put in effect to our school. It is a great idea and that if you do put this law in effect then, maybe when people who have a C average, and who want to participate in sports, then maybe they will work harder to make next year's team. What I mean is that if people who have a grade C average and who want to be in sports, eventually they will want to work harder, so that next year they will make the team with a grade B or above average. This also, could be good for our school's reputation. Again, I really approve this idea and hopefully this will give you more boost to make it happen.