Driving with Distractions

Today, the majority of people own and operate cell phones and many of those people also drive on a daily basis. Drivers should keep their attention on the road to minimize distractions and avoid car accidents. With that being said, we know that cell phones have become very distracting because it occupies one's eye and takes their attention when what they should be focused on the road. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. This is not only causing a distraction for the driver but also endangering the lives of others around them at the same time. (5)

As a teenager, most of us feel that one of the best things we can ever do is get our driver's license. At the time all we're thinking about is "Yes, I can finally drive." We instantly get on our electronic devices and start taking pictures and sharing on social media so the whole world knows what we just accomplished. It hardly ever crosses our mind that in order to maintain having our driving privileges and showing our parents that we really can be responsible when they're not around, we need to remain focused on the road at all times. As I was doing my research, I came across a lawyer's website that said teen drivers are 4 times more likely than adults to get into car crashes or near-crashes when talking or texting on a cell phone. This was very alarming to me but I can easily see how that's possible. I feel strongly about this because anything you need to do on your electronic device, you can do before the vehicle starts. (7)

We know that people who drive and text are more likely to cause accidents that can hurt and or even kill other people. If you feel like it is that important to make a phone call or send a text, the best thing you can do is pull over to the side of the road and take care of it. The other option would be to link your phone to your car so that you can practice the hands-free options. This will include allowing you the ability to stream music, answer phone calls, asking for directions, and etc. You will also find that most cars have voice activated calling and some can even read your text messages through the car. All these are options are not the answer to the solution but they will give you a better chance to be a safer and more focused driver without having to take your eyes off the road. (6)

Modern cars are being built to be able to stop before any accident occurs. People shouldn't depend on their cars to stop because the functions can fail at any given time. Drivers need to be prepared on their own, when you took their driver's test you didn't have that option. If the safety feature works most of the times, it can help keep all drivers safe on the road. (4)

Being a part of the generation we are in allows us more opportunities because of our advanced technology. But this it is not always a good thing. Some phone companies can detect when a car isn't moving and will automatically send calls to voicemail or send text messages to let others know that person is unavailable at the moment. Cell phones should not in any way be utilized while driving because it's one of the easiest ways to jeopardizes one's life and their well-being. I think that technology will keep us safer but making good decisions will keep us safer. (4)

Works Cited

"Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving." Edgarsnyder. com, www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html.                                 