To the principal:

I do not agree with the proposed change to the policy affecting the minimum grade of student/athletes. Assuming that you have that power, I believe that changing the minimum GPA would not improve the grades of those people that you would have labeled ineligible to play sports for the school. If they are forced out of sports, they may turn to other activities that interest them to replace playing sports for our school, and the new activity is unlikely to be studying or doing homework. While I am a student/athlete, I am a straight-A student, so it is unlikely that I would be directly affected by this change in the rules. Many of the people who would be affected by the change would not be positively influenced by being kicked off their sports team. Some people simply can't or won't be a B average student, because of many factors weighing on them, besides the sport they play. If the rules were changed, then our athletics teams would lose many good players, which would give rival schools a clear advantage over ours in regards to the size and quality of sports teams. If i were to be kicked out of a sports team, the first thing I would do is go and sign up for a non-school-sponsored league and play in it, and I think a lot of my peers would be likely to do the same if they were put in that situation. If some people just aren't able to excel in school, but do excel in sports, changing the minimum average would be a sort of discrimination. I understand that someone's grades may be more important to you than sports, but every student is different, and some may be content to simply graduate as an average student from this school and move on to the next level in their athletics career, and you shouldn't take advantage of your power by changing their eligibility to play on an athletics team. Not everyone wishes to grow up and be an intellectually inclined person, as you are, and teaching the basics to everyone is this school's job. And choosing their own path, whether it be as a scholar or an athlete, should be their's.