Phones & Driving

Cellular devices is becoming a big part of some life. In which one has to be on it while doing everything such as eating, taking shower, working, and everyone favorite driving. Studies have found that distracted driver crashes was because of an cellular device. However, many continue to use their devices while driving and don't see the problem with it. Driving while on a device could be dangerous for you and whoever else is around you resulting in someone being injured or even killed. On a device while driving should not be prohibited and should have harsher consequences for those that do do.

In the present day, there is studies going on that proves that 1 in 4 of car accidents in the United States had been an result of texting while driving. In which, at any given time throughout the day, about 650,000 are wanting to use their cellular device while operating an automobile. These devices have became a big part in our everyday lives. However, it becomes a dangerous risks if someone want to decide check social media or any mobile applicant while operating a vehicle. Cell phone distracts are very high that why laws are put in place so that people have consequences for those that break laws put others in danger. Including the fact that 94 percent of drivers would support the ban to stop driving while texting and 74 percent support an ban on hand-held cell phone usage.

Laws such as Hand-held Cell Phone Use Ban, All Cell Phone Ban, and Text Messaging Ban are put in place to prevent crashes and a drivers distraction from the road. The Hand-held Cell Phone Use Ban is in

16 states, D.C., Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands prohibit all drivers from using hand-held cell phones while driving. While the Text Messaging Ban is in 47 states, D.C., Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands ban text messaging for all drivers with Missouri prohibits text messaging by novice or teen drivers. So States like Georgia, Louisiana, Washington, Oregon, and Maine have it were you will get fined $100-$500 for break these laws. But states Alaska and Utah can fine you $750-$10,000 or even one year of imprisonment.

Most of these laws are created and being enforced so that someone won't put their life or lives of others in danger.

In conclusion, cell phone shouldn't not be used while operating a vehicle. It could be very dangerous and lead to death so that's why laws are put into place.

2            