Having classes from home is like heaven on earth. Students would love to have classes at home. It would be beneficial for many as they wouldn't have to bring themselves to school at 6:30 in the morning. While being able to sleep in they get work done how they want and when they want. This prepares students for the real world when they need to know how to manage there own time for a job. Students would benefit from attending classes at home because they can have a flexible schedule, go at there own pace, and get more time to sleep.

Being able to decide when your classes are and how they will be throughout the day is a benefit of online school. Generic_Name has doctors appointment at 9 am on a Monday, but because he takes online school that won't affect him. He is able to go to the appointment and not miss any work like he would in a regular class. As soon as he gets back he can go right back to where he is and finish what he started. When Generic_Name is doing his classwork he decides that he's hungry at weird hour. He goes to get food/snack without missing any work. Generic_Name will have to get all the work done assigned to him that day but has 24 hours to complete compared to 7 like a normal school day. Having this benefit will increase student scores and avoid missing topics.

Another benefit of school from home is being able to work at your own pace. Generic_Name, an online student who does school from home tends to take more time then the average person on an assignment. She is able to take as much time as she needs on assignments without feeling rushed and worried. Generic_Name's grades will also increase due to the fact that shes able to put in her best work on assignments. People will believe this could hurt the students who try to get everything done faster to have more free time during the day. This can be solved by having a certain amount of time needed spent on a slide/assignment before turning it in. Online teachers will be able to monitor how long students have spent on something and if they don't meet the requirements they can test them. Being able to go at your own pace will really help students succeed.

With online school comes more time for students to sleep in to get there 9 hours of sleep. Generic_Name never gets enough sleep as he has to stay up late finishing his homework and wake right back up bright and early for school. But now with having school from home the day starts whenever he feels like it. If isn't able to fall asleep one night at a normal hour he is able to wake up later then usually to whatever amount of sleep his body needs. Schools always talk about students needing a certain amount of sleep, but schools make it hard to accomplish with all the work they give us. Students are able to raise grades with more sleep. Generic_Name has his hardest class first period every day and fails every test due to lack of sleep. Now having online school as an option he gets more time to sleep in and have the time for knowledge to stick in his brain. While sleeping in is nice the benefits you get from it are better.

The positives for school at home, for students include a flexible schedule, have a pace of their own, and a solid 9 hours of sleep. Flexible schedule allows students to get other daily task done with out interfering with what they need to learn. Also having that flexible time allows you to work on your own pace and get things done with quality work. Sleep is a crucial benefit of online school as it allows your brain to rest and raise your grades. With all the benefits of online school students should start leaning towards online school as its better in every aspect.        