I , Luke Bomberger, am a memeber of the Seagoing Cowboys program.

The Saegoing Cowboys help people who were affected by the war.

I believe everyone should join the Seagoing Cowboys program for three reasons.

Not only do you get that warm fuzzy feeling from helping people out, but you also have a once in a lifetime chance to go sightseeing have the time of your life onboard, and explore the most beutiful and amazing places on Earth.

By becoming a Seagoing Cowboy you get to help out the less fortunate explore go sightseeing and have fun.

We help people by bringing them animals from overseas such as horses, cows ,and mules.

When we bring the people the animals it gives you that warm fuzzy feeling of acomplishment.

You should also join because after our missions, we have some time left to go sightseeing in the area.

Some of my favorite things to see were the Panama Canal and "seeing the Acropolis in Greece was special."

I also had the opportunity to expore much of Europe and China as well as taking a gondola ride in Italy. I also got to take a tour of a castle in Crete. If you think that the fun stops when you climb back aboard for the ride home, think again.

The stables where the animals were kept becomes a baseball field and a volley ball court.

We also have table tenis tournaments as well as boxing and fencing matches.

Being a Seagoing Cowboy is fun as well as important.

In conclusion, "the cattle-boat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a small-town boy."

I reccomend becoming a Seagoing Cowboy because not only are you helping the world, but you get to have fun while you do it such as sightseeing and exploring.

I myself have gone on nine trips as a Seagoing Cowboy and loved every second of it.

It also opened up my eyes and "made me more aware of people in other countries and their needs."

So,unless you are doing something useful with your life, become a Seagoing Cowboy.

You won't regret it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  