As a student, I think it is a great idea for kids to participate in an extracurricular activity. The reason I say this is because children need to be more active, social with people and peers, and also should take pride in their school and community. An extracurricular can help students become more interactive and confident when encountering with the society.

One extracurricular activity you can participate in would be a sport. Over the course of years students have became more obsessed, which also can mean less active. Being obsessed can affect a persons health. In the last five years children ranging of ages 10-17 have became more and more less active. So by playing a sport you can become more active and healthier. However sports can help with more than activity. When playing a sport, you will want to get better at a objective in the game. When you are wanting to get better that is known as a goal. When having goals you are having to work harder to reach for that specific accomplishment. Setting goals while not only help you in sports but also in the future.

Helping with school yearbooks is another extracurricular activity. Doing yearbooks can mean a lot to your school because your are taking pride in your school. Taking pride in your school can mean a lot because it not only makes the school look good it makes you look good as a person. If you are doing yearbooks that means you are creative and have good unique ways of doing things. Being creative and able to think of new ideas can mean a lot in your future also because many businesses are looking for people who can bring big and better ideas to the table.

Lastly, being a student council takes a lot of responsibility and respect. Having this extracurricular activity you never know who you will or may encounter on a daily. When being a student council you should always try your best to be professional. Being social is another main concept because you are talking to people all the time. So being a student council takes a lot of effort and respect.

As a result, I think it is a good idea to let kids have extracurricular activities. These activities will help children be more interactive and prepared for the future. Helping students be more successful and active will help are society. Therefore, kids need to get good grades in order to take part in these activities. If you play a sport and your grades aren't good then your chances are lower to go to college for that specific sport. You could be the best leader, player, artist, or even have the best ideas but if you don't have good grades a college most likely won't except you. However, I think having extracurricular activities would really make students more confident and prepared for the society. 