Is there a possibillty that we can live a better life without the use of cars? Yes there is many counties have stoped the use of cars because it's cheaper. For example in VAUBAN,Germany they have given up theif cars street parking,driveways,and home garages are generally forbidden. Vauban's streets are car free except the main thorougfare of course. 70% of Vaubans's familis do not own cars, and 57% sold there cars to move there. Many people say that when they had a car there were more tense they say there much happier this way without a car.

Cars come with a responasabillaty thers so much dangrous things that can happen to you while in a car. For example all the accedentd people get in each day hundres ot thousands of people die each year for car crashes. Also people who cause the accedents like drunk driving, or texting while driving ect.. Any little thing can happen in a car that can take your life forever just with a blink of an eye. In other cases like getting pulled over and the incerance you have to pay and all the money we spent daily on gas.

While in BOGOTA,Colombia they have a no car day! It all started in  the 1990's where there was traffic jams it was 3 straight years cars been  banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this city of 7 million people. But a man named Carlos Arturo he rode a two seated bicycle with is wife other two colombians saw hin and decided to do the same. tjis becaqme big everyone stared doing this and they even smoothen out the side walks for the bikes. The streats where busy with bike traffic.

I think we  should start walking places like for example if you need to go to the store and you have one right neer your home dont get in your car walk. By doing this it will help us save gas money and get excerce. Many american are over weight because they dont get any excerce. So by not using our cars once and a while it will help us and our invierment it will stop so much palustion caused  by cars. we should take some time off our car and enjoy nature.                    