Phones and Driving

Have you ever called someone while they are driving? If you have then, do you care about that person's life? Because if so then you shouldn't do it or hang up the phone because that will put that person you are on the phone with is in danger. This makes the driver focus on the call or texting someone back instead of focusing on the road and other drivers that could run into them and hurt them. Do you know what texting and driving can do to your life? There are also ways to prevent texting and driving. And there are people this has effected a lot of people's lives.

Texting and driving is a major danger to your life. If someone is texting and driving and or talking on the phone that means they are not focused on the road or not focused on the other drivers that could possibly merge over and wreck the driver and possibly kill the person. This is a major problem because everyone has the urge to check their phone if they hear it go off with a text ding because everyone think that all calls are possibly an emergency but either that emergency or your life. There are many ways to prevent this.

You can prevent texting and driving many ways. One way to prevent texting and driving is to put your phone on silent or turn it off while driving in a vehicle. That will take the urge of texting someone back or answering a phone call until you get to your destination. If everyone done this when they got in the driver seat of a vehicle there would be less death my car because that is a hug percentage of the reason vehicular accidents happen behind drunk driving. And that effects people's life not just the person involved but the family.

This effect a lot of people's life when someone uses a cellphone when they drive because mostly every time they end up in a car wreck. This can affect the driver or passengers in the car because there are cases where people get paralyzed or brain damage or even worse die in car accidents. That can ruin the rest of their life plan. This can also ruin some families lives by having to care for you while you can't for yourself or sometimes the death case they must deal with you not being there the rest of their life. That's why people should not use cell phones while driving.

In my opinion Cell phones and driving is not ok. They can really ruin someone's life and people can also stop this by using some tips and not using it at all while driving. And this can hurt your life and anyone around you or that knows you. Please don't use a phone and drive I have people I care about on the roads and someone that uses a phone and drives can hurt them on the road and I love them and don't want something to happen to them because someone couldn't put down their phone.             