Students having the option to take classes online or from video conferencing is the smartest thing I ever heard. 70% of earth learns better online or from video conferencing. We are living in a new day in age technology is every thing now. Most teachers dont give assignments on paper they give their assignments to students on the computer. Teachers dont use chalk boards or textbooks they use computers and projector boards and all of that is technology.

learning online and from video conferencing is a great idea most people learn better when they're alone. When your in class you can easily get distracted by your classmates. People learn at different paces when your in class you may have to wait for someone to finish or they may be waiting on you to finish ,but when taking your classes online you can move on your on pace. When your out of school because you have a cold or sick you miss out on the stuff your teacher taught that day for example when I was sick I missed out on so much stuff I failed my test and my grade went from an A to a C- because I did not have the option to do it online ,but when you have the option to do work online or have a video conference you want have to be worried about missing out on the important stuff you're teacher taught.

I can see what can be bad about distance learning some students are not mature enough to do distance learning.

When students are at home they may play their games or be on their phone other then doing the work they are given to do. Students can also cheat and not get the right amount of education they need. Therefore distance learning is just good for the mature students to do only. People that are anti social can use this so they want have to communicate with other people ,but when your in class you can grow out of being shy.

I feel that we should be able to deiced or have the option to learn from home because I think that is the next step of learning in the near future. The whole world should give it a chance it could change the way we learn for the greater good. Therefore I believe we would really benefit the whole world if we do this act.