Summer and projects are two words that dont go well together especially for some students. Summer is a season to be enjoyed by many no one is in school and a lot of people are out on beaches or vacationing and having a good time. However, some teachers assign projects during summer and some hate it and most rarely do some enjoy it. Teachers assign projects so that students dont forget what they learned in school, but many argue should the project be teacher or student designed. Summer projects should be more student designed because they are more creative, they have more ideas and it makes them a better thinker.

One reason projects should be student- designed is because they are more creative. Many projects that are offered in education systems are always one sided or the same. Many teens during school tend to do projects but they think its boring what the teacher assigned them. They need to be more creative. They could use different colors or different things to make it their own way.

For example,

a student in school had to do a project that she didnt want to do, so instead of doing what she was suppose to, she decide to think outside the box and do her own thing. The teacher got mad at the teen but the teen said It's better to be creative then do the same thing as the others. While some may say that being creative cant get you anywhere, those type of people would be wrong.

Many famous celebrities and scientists got to where they are or were because they had to be creative to reach that high. Furthermore, being creative on school projects makes one different and unique and many teens today should do that.

Another reason projects should be student- designed is because they have more ideas. With many projects assigned they are usually being given a specific thing they have to work on. Many teens, however, dont want to do just one thing they want to be expressive and show how many ideas they really have. During class a teacher assigned a project that any students disagreed on, and many told the teacher that they didn't want to do that. The teacher asked the students what they wanted to do and many of them responded with different ideas about how to do it and what they wanted to do it on. in the end, the teens came up with more ideas that even she couldn't think of and assigned them to do whatever they had brought up or though of. Some will argue that more ideas isnt always better, but that would not be correct.

Many companies or businesses in today's society come come up with more and more ideas to keep their companies going, and to them the more ideas they have the better. Therefore,

it is essential to having more ideas for summer projects is better because it gives you more think about, and is better than one specific idea.

The third and final reason why summer projects would be student- designed is because it makes students a better thinker. In today's schools many teens are tired and sleepy. When adults or others assign them something like a project or anything thing really, many complain that they are boring or dumb. When it comes to doing projects students have a hard time doing them. Mostly because they dont like what they are doing or because they simply dont want to do it.

Students would be so much more ecstatic to do a project if they could just do the way they want to do it. During the summer a teen had to do a project on something she didnt really want to do,so they about day after day, night after night until it finally clicked into in their head. They were going to do a project that no one had yet to think of. After days of thinking and hours of working he had perfected his project. Since he had to think more about what he was going to do it took him longer but in the end it ll worked out for him.. Others may say that on test and presentations and even homework he wouldnt have to think as hard and the only reason he thought so hard was because they were working on a project but that would be false.

You would still have to think hard on tests to know how to get the answer, on presentations you would have to think how to set it up and all. and for homework you would have to use your mind to answer the question. The project helped him think harder and because of that he was also able think better during his school performances. Projects may not always be the best but they can improve one's thinking ability.

Many school or summer projects should be a student- designed because they are more creative, they have more ideas and it also makes them a better thinker. Students and even teachers have the ability to choose what they want to do and no one can stop them from doing it.

Some students may be scared to choose their own path or their own way but depending on what they are doing it can all wok out for the better and can become a much better person for it. Sometimes choosing a way that everyone goes isnt always the right one or correct one. For example,

like on a project many students may choose to do one thing, while oneself wants to do something in a completely different direction. By all means,

do whatever is best for oneself, instead of what others want to do.                         