Cars are creating an harmful environment with problems such as smog and traffic. Reduction on car usage can help these problems. Although cars may be a faster transportation, they add on to the havoc of the environment. Reducing car usage has many advantages. It would help develop a better environment and improve people's well being.

An advantage of reduction of car usage is it helps develop a better environment to live in. Some areas which have cars create a lot of smog which is unhealthy for the environment. For example, "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog" (Duffer). Smog is formed by cold nights and warm days which causes the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions. Without so many cars, this issue can decrease. It will help the environment progress and be safer for everyone. Statistics show that "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States" (Rosenthal). Cars are causing air pollution. If cars are still the dominant transportation, the environment will still suffer from air pollution such as smog. It's safer to use a large vehicle such as a bus to get around because a bus can hold many more people than a car and would ultimately give off less gas than the population of people who use cars.  Another safe way around town would be vehicles which don't give off gases into the air such as bicycles. A safer environment is a better environment.

Another advantage of reduction of cars is improvement of people's well being. With air pollution from cars, humans inhale toxic gases which can be detrimental to their bodies. If car usage plunders, people's bodies will feel better. A businessman said "It's good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" (Plaza). Lowering the number of cars being used helps relieve stress. Nobody wants to be stressed out from traffic or being late to work. With cars there is always a place where there is traffic. Ultimately, reduction of car usage has numerous effects that benefit the society. A media trainer and mother of two stated, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" (Walter). Without a car, you don't have to worry about being severely injured since most of the population would transfer to the use of bikes or walking. Because the population would start a trend of riding bikes and walking, most of the roadways would now be unecessary to have and they could be built into something fundamental such as a park, a housing area, or a food market. There would be less worries altogether and this could be more beneficial to the society.

There are many positive effects from reducing car usage. Environment will progress and people's well being will improve. It's beneficial for everyone to limit the use of cars and find other transportation. There would be a safer environment from less smog and rush-hour restrictions. Also, the environment will be people-friendly from more parks and sports centers. Limiting car usage effects society positively.    