Dear Senator,

Have you ever thought about changing a certain system of voting that is currently in place? This system that I am talking about is the electoral college system, used for voting for president, vice president and sometimes other congressmen. This system unites both views from small states and big states, having two senators per state, no matter the size, and also acquires electors based on population. Some people think that this is an effective system and should not be replaced because everyone is president and because of the presence of swing and big states, as stated in source 3, but I beg to differ. I strongly feel that this system should be removed because it is inaccurate, the electors vote, and lastly because of the disaster factor.

Additionally, The reason why I don't agree with this current system is an issue that can have multiple consequences and none are positive, which is that the electors vote, not you. We do not have the ability to vote for president, we only acquire the ability to vote for the electors that will hopefully vote for the president of your choice. Sometimes, the elector completely disregards what the people want and who the people are voting for,  and they do have this ability to ignore the majority's preference and vote for the opposite candidate of the people's choice. If their is a tie situation,as stated in source 2, in which both presidents have the same amount of votes, the case is tossed to the House of Representatives, where state electors who would normally vote for the vice president is now obligated to vote for the president.

Additionally, another reason that this system be removed immediately for the reason that it is not very accurate. This system doesn't show who the people actually want to vote for, it just gives the electors some ideas as to who to cast their vote for. So in reality, the people are actually voting for the electoral college and the electors, as opposed to voting directly for the president. According to source 1, most states have a "winner-take-all" system in place in which all votes are awarded to one candidate and is not based on personal opinion. This shows who the state in general or in majority wants to be awarded president; but in source 2 it states, if you want to vote for a democrat and your state is a republican state you have no choice as an individual to change your state's opinion. Referring back to source 1, when you vote for your candidates you are actually voting for your candidate's electors, so if your candidate wants to change opinion, you have no choice. And it shouldn't be like that , we shouldn't have to indirectly choose our president hoping that our messenger doesn't change his/her mind.

Finally, the last and, in my opinion, the most significant issue to this system is the fact that a disaster factor could take place in any election. Looking back to source 2 and also in source 3, we caught a glimpse of this unfortunate situation in the 2000 election between Bush and Gore. But this was just a minor part as to what this system is capable of and can do. Another example stated in source 2, in 1960 segregationists almost succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with other electors that would be contrary to John F. Kennedy and would throw him off. According to source 1, each candidate has his or her own group of electors, but there is a possibility that these electors could revolt against his candidates and vote for the candidate's opponent.

To conclude, I feel that this system used for voting the presidents and vice presidents should be replaced by another system that does have a direct correlation to the voters opinion and who they choose in their voting screen. Not acccurate, electors vote not people and the disaster factor- these are all flaws that I have found in this system that is currently in place and I feel that this should be fixed. So I agree with Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter and Bob Dole where they believe that the electoral college should be abolished and replaced by a better system. Do something about it!    