I think that the Facial Action Coding System used to read the emotion and expressions in students in a classroom is valuable because it can be used for many different things such as potentionaly making people feel better, helps tell when people are not being truthful and can tell when a student becomes confused of bored.

First of all, this technology to read the emotions and expressions of a students in a classroom is valuable because, even know sometimes you fake emotions it many still be able to make you feel that way. For example the author stated in paragraph 9 that " Theory Of Emotion, moving you facial muscles not only expresses emotion, but may be able to produce them." What this is saying is that the muscles that you use in your face to fake an emotion can actually make you feel that emotion.

Secoundly, this technolgy could also help and be valuable not just in a classroom but also outside such as the police department. The reason why is because your facial expressions can make other people tell if you are not being truthful and not telling the truth. The author states this in paragragh 8 saying " To an expert, faces don't lie: these muscle clues are somtimes used to spot when a "smiling" polaticion or celebrity isn't being truthful." What this is saying is this new technology could help tell when someone is lying about cheating on a test or homework. And this doesnt just go for inside school or classrooms this could go for the police to. To tell if someone isnt being truthful about something and which part they arent being truthful about.

Finally, the last thing I have to support for this is could help teacher relize when a student is confused or bored in a classroom. How the author explains this is in paragragh 6. It states that " A classroom computer could reconize when a student is becoming confused or bored." What this means is that how the students facial expressions react to what pops up on the computer can show when the student is interested in what is happening or confuse, and bored. And the author also stated "Then it could modify the lesson, like and effective human instructor. The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive- for video games or video surgerys". What this is saying is a computer can tell when you are bored or confused and help to keep you fouced and intertained more by making the lesson more expressive and also making it more interesting for the student.

In conclusion, I believe what I have stated above proves that this technolgy can help in many ways such as potentionaly making people feel better, helps tell when people are not being truthful and can tell when a student becomes confused of bored. And that this will help many students and teachers in a classroom.