Dear Mrs. Principal,

Cell phones in school can be a good thing and also a bad thing. I believe letting kids use their cell phones during their free periods or times would be a good thing. I believe this because: it could help communication throughout the school become better, and the kids would enjoy their school a lot more.

Communication problems in school are usually present. In school, some people never get to talk to their friends on the other teams or groups, because with basically everything you are with those people. If you let the students use their phones during free periods or lunch, they would be able to talk to them more, and possibly grow a better friendship. But, if you do go through with this rule, you have to make the students turn off the devices, and remove them from their presence. If you don't the students will have a distraction in their pocket or purse all through the day. If that happens, then the students will become distracted in some of their other classes, and that will horribly impact their grades. So, I think that cell phones or other devices in times when people are not learning or doing other educational activities if completely fine.

Another great reason of why cell phones should be allowed during free periods is that kids will enjoy their time at school a lot more than they already do. There's three categories: LOVE school, think school is just ok, or HATE school. Most people that i know of are in the hate school category. They are in this category because teachers are, "too strict," or, "won't let them use any of their stuff during class." I think they think this because, they have a cell phone (or other device) and are not able to use it throughout the day. If the kids are at least able to use their devices some throughout the day, they will enjoy their school experience more, then they will be more likely to stay in school and finish high school, and even go higher and finish college. I believe they will all do this, just because, they enjoyed their high or middle school experience, and want to do a lot more to get more educated.

So, as you may be able to tell, i believe cell phones in school would not be a bad thing at all, as long as they were turned off and in their lockers during class instruction. It could possibly be the difference in a high school dropout, or a masters degree in biochemistry.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME