Have you ever felt like going home because you had a bad day? Going home laying there eating your favorite ice cream and watching your favorite TV show. Well thats a reality for most students. Taking our freedom away without asking us is unacceptable. By making it mandatory for students to stay after school for at least one day,the principle is creating problems that the student will have to deal with. This will make students lose a day of work, be penalized for not staying after school, and add on to the students and teachers responsibilities.

My first point of why we should not make it compulsory to stay after school is because of the decreased work time. By making us stay after school we will have a shortened time on completing our assignment and projects. This can result in student grade drops which can cause them to lose their A or B and in dire situations get a D or F. A grade drop by one or two letters can cause stress on to students and students with medical conditions can be greatly effected from stress related problems. These problems will create complications to student health and grades.

My second point is that the staff will have to consider multiple factors that influence whether a student can attend an extracurricular activity.

They will have to organize a system to see if a student stayed for after school and if not why did they not unless the student has already stayed for one day. Then they would have to call the students parents to determine why the student could not stay. The individual who will be assigned to that job will have to do the same tedious process for all the students who did not attend. The entire ordeal can be avoided by not making students stay for the program and by allowing them to determine whether or not to go.

My final point is that students should not be obligated to stay at school longer than 8 hours. We should have the choice to stay for extracurricular activities. The students want to enjoy their time. School should not be a burden on students. It should be your escape from the outside world. Your way out. The decision to make student participate should not be forced on the student, but made by the student. The principle did not consider that the students should also have the right to choose with what happens with their free time.

In conclusion, the students should not be forced to stay after school and be allowed to choose. The problems that occur are unnecessary and stressful for the students and teachers alike. The students will have more time to fulfill their school work, personal work, and maintain time for their personal activities. Thus avoiding stress from the extracurricular program and from grade drops. This will benefit the school, students, and the teachers showing more reason for why I disagree with this decision.