Facial expressions have been our way of communicating without talking. Its a silent way of showing how you feel about something or someone. Knowing what expressions are being shown towards an action you do is important. If you yell at someone, they might make an angry or upset face. After seeing that expression, most people will most likely never repeat that action again. In class rooms its hard sometimes as a teacher to teach and notice if everyone is catching along or if the subject is too boring. Having this new technology used to read students expressions is a valuable tool because it lets teachers know if they should continue or stop and help students out.

Many of us have been in the situation were your in class and it is boring. The class feels like 3 hours long and the teacher is into their subject and just does not stop talking. They do not switch things up and not many kids are paying any attention at all. With the help of this technology, which reads students facial expression, it can let teachers know its time to switch things up or move on.

The next class might be much easier to get through and maybe towards the end, be your favorite. Teachers and professors will see what students like best and what they find interesting and develope new and better strategies; or computors will just as Dr. Huang predicts in the 6th paragraph, "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human intructor.

Many students also struggle in school. " A classroom computor could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Students tend to try and be independent or just don't want to ask for help in fear of being made fun of. In some cases many students are confused but refuse to ask for help. With the detector, teachers could ask students if they need help or what they are not understand in class. All helping to prevent students from getting lost or struggling in any subject. Teachers could be doing a better job by understanding the students, and the students too,would feel better knowing that someone knows what they need help in and is coming up with a better teaching plan.

Technology is advancing more and more each day. In no time, we will improve schools and work areas. The way we communicate will better and the way we read expressions will too. As said in paragraph 8 "to an expert, faces don't lie: these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling" politician or celebrity isnt being truthful"; the same could be applied to students. Facial expressions are important. With these computors or devices put in every class room, students will soon be performing at their top best. Soon enought the decives will be used in work areas, while texting and more.   