Imagine a woman is late to work and her hair is a mess, she threw random clothees on, and all her work papers are stored in random places in her briefcase. But if she owns a driverless car, the woman could sort out her paper files, fix her hair, and be safe at the same time. Having a driverless car has a positive outlook on itself and the future by providing safety for the drivers that own these driverless cars.

A driveless car has a positive outlook for itself by providing safety features too. In passage 8, it states "In this way, the in-car system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern." This statement explains that the driverless car system does care about the safety of the people who buy it. So if the lady in the story has a regular car, who knows if she will be on time for work, there is a possiblity that she will be, and she will not be ready to go.

Yes, the driverless car is said to have a negative outlook, but the positive outlook shines more than the negative outlook does. Driverless cars could help people of the future. Everyone has at least seen a movie with a driverless car in it, like Transformers. In the movie, nothing bad happens to the car, the car just drives by itself and both the driver and the car are safe. In passage 7, the article states "While the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver." Which mens while the driver is driving and the car is not driving by itself, the car is still watching the driver to make he or she is safe.

Many reasons the driverless cars are good inventions for the future is because they are reliable. In passage 7, the author states "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." This explains how the driverless is safe because when the driver is not driving and the car needs he or she for something, the car will notify the driver.

Now imagine if the woman in the very beginning did not have a driverless car. Who knows, the woman probably have gotten into a car crash because she was running late to work. Unsafe right? Now remeber, if the lady did have a driverless car, she would have been on time for work and she would have been on time for work safely. Owning a driverless car would make the future better because a lot more people would be safe and not get into accidents. To learn more about driverless cars, go on the Google cofounder Sergey Brin's webpage.         