Have you ever asked one person for their opinion and then they didn't give you the answer that your're actually looking for? If so I have also had that problem, but I have figured out seeking more than one person can help a lot. When your're looking for opinions asking multiple people is good because you get more than one option on what should happen. You get to know stuff that the other people may not have mentioned.

I think that if you need a well thought out opinion that you should go to multiple people because it's going to help you determine what to do.

Asking more than one persons for an opinion gives you a variety of options. When asking a friends an opinion about clothes that friend may not know much about clothes and how they should be put together, so they give you a bad opinion, but if you ask another fried who does know how to put together clothes your're going to get a better opinion. Say if you were to stick to only your first friends opinion and you don't end up buying that outfit then your're going to wish that you would've asked a second friend or person for their opinion to see if it looked good or not. This is why asking for multiple opinions is important, so you don't just have your opinion and one other person its not going to help if you only have two opinions you are going to need a good amount of opinions and with different options.

You make better decisions with different opinions. Everywhere people are making decisions and they have to ask others, so they know that they are making a good one. If we weren't to ask others for their opinion then a lot of people would've make stupid mistakes when all could have been solved if they would have asked other people for their opinion. People make a better choices if they ask people they don't know. If you ask a close family member for their opinion they are going to tell you something in a nice way and sweet because they wouldn't want to hurt your feelings, but if you ask someone that you haven't know for a while you are going to get a better response to what you should do. While asking someone who isn't that close to you is good asking a family member may not be as bad. Yes they may make it nice and sweeter but they know you better so they could give you an elaborated response. I know asking other people for opinions help people make better choices.

Asking multiple people for advice can help you see things differently. One person you ask is going to stick to that opinion and not change their mind and the next person you ask will probably have a different opinion on the question asked. If you ask more than two people you are going to see different perspectives and you will be able to decide what you'll need to do. It helps to ask multiple people because they all have different knowledge. One may not know anything about what the other person said and then you put every ones opinion together and it will be easier to make decisions and know what will have to be done to accomplish what you asked for.

Asking for more than one opinion gives you a variety, it helps you make better choices, and it helps you see things differently, so you know what you have to do. These are all reason why asking multiple people for their opinions is better. Asking for different advice is really going to help you. Your're going to feel better because you will make a good choice and it's going to be very helpful. When you do talk to more than one person for advice you have to know what you are looking for and make sure that person understands what you are asking because you wouldn't want to get bad advice. This is why people ask more than one person for advice to see how they should handle something.