"Let's keep moving forward". Walt Disney harped at the advancement of entertainment and technology in the world and constantly reminded everyone to keep moving forward in their lives and to keep an open mind with new technology. Just like with some of Diney's crazy inventions one must try the new before denying them. The Facial Action Coding System would be considered one of the new technologies that one must keep an open mind to trying. There are many useful ways that this system could help out masses worldwide. It could help between the language barrier, in courtrooms with lie detectors, and most importantly classrooms. The use of the Facial Action Coding System is very valuable and needs to be spread throughout classrooms across the globe.

Students' are very different from one another. That includes their friends, their style, their personal values, and their work in shcool. With this system it will make it extremely easier for teachers to help students' education flow a lot smoother. As said in paragrah 6, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is beocming confused or bored". This recognition could allow the computer to modify the lesson without the teacher having to take time out of their busy schedule to do so. It will also benefits students who are scared to approach teachers' with their education problems because they might become embarrassed. By using this method with the Facial Action Coding System graduation rates may increase as well as classroom productivity through the help of the lesson modifications.

Another reason the Facial Action Coding System should be widely encourged is it could help a teacher build a better relationship with the students. As said in paragraph 4, "The facial expressions for each emotion are universal". This means that when any student is having emotional stuggles their teacher could be notified by the system. This would allow the teachers to become more aware of their students' outside lives so that the teacher could help the student if needed. Doing so, a stonger trust factor could be built between the student and teacher creating a more productive classroom all together.

Some may say that this system would be an invasion of privacy for the students, but this is not much different than being able to tell how one feels by just examining their expression by oneself. This system advances the technology of facial examination only. It assists others in being able to distiguish one's feelings at the moment. Going a little deeper in the student's life may actually benefit them more than it would invade on them. The system could allow the students to recieve the help they really need by delving a little deeper than a normal human would be able to.

This system could be seen as an insane new technology that some may be afraid of, but to make progess in the world one must open their mind and accept the new to help millions around the world. The Facial Action Coding System could help a plethora of sutdents and teachers with their relationship and trust as well as the students' educations and also the teachers' careers. This system could be the new big thing in the technological advancement of schools, and it will allow more people to succeed in life and create a better future for everyone surounding them.