Missing school is every student's worst nightmare. It is extremely difficult to makeup work on time and not fall behind. Students don't have a way to effectively get and complete their work on time from home. Many students will try to email their teachers for the missing work and get no response, only to be ridiculed the next day about not completing their work on time. Students would benefit exponentially from being able to attend classes from home because they would be able to make up the work they missed, If a student was hurt or ill they wouldn't have to worry about coming to school when they aren't well, and in case of an emergency situation where schools had to be shut down, students could still receive an education.

Many students, especially in high school, take a very heavy course load with lots of homework. This amount of work makes it extremely difficult when a student misses school. In many cases the student will have to wait until they are back in school to see what they missed, but by that time the class has moved on to something new. Students that miss school will have to do the work they missed on top of their regular classwork; This is very stressful for students. If a student could do their class work online they would eliminate all the stress of missing school. They could complete the work that they missed in class at home, while keeping their grades up and their mental health well. They could then come back to school and continue with their work like they were never even gone. They would continue on their curriculum as planned with no extra work from the students or teachers. This would benefit the student's incredibly.

Getting sick or injured is one of the worst things that can happen to a student. In many cases, students will have to miss days of classwork and wait until they come back to school to retrieve it. They can get behind in their classwork and their grades can fall. This anxiety causes students to come back to school sick or injured in order to avoid falling behind in their classes. If a class was available to be taken online, the students would be able to take their time to properly recover before coming back to school. This way, the overall health of the student body would be better because students wouldn't be coming to school sick. Also, students would not have to struggle getting from class to class with an injury.

If there were an emergency where schools had to be shut down, students would still be able to learn. Emergency shutdowns are never something that people want, but schools must be prepared. In some cases of bad weather conditions or quarantines, schools have to be shut down for long periods of time. This causes a lot of stress for students and faculty because they both will have to struggle to make up for the time they lost. If there was a way to take classes online, students would not have to struggle with trying to understand expedited lessons with no support from their teachers because they don't have enough time. In some extreme cases, schools could be shut down for weeks due to a quarantine or bad weather like earthquakes or tornadoes. In these cases schools have to run into summer break to make up for lost time. If there were a way to take classes online, the school wouldn't have to do that. Students and staff would be able to complete classes on time and well.

A class that could be taken online for a period of time while a student is absent would benefit them exponentially. Students would not have to worry about falling behind in their classes and getting a bad grade because of it. They wouldn't have to come in sick or injured to prevent getting a grade that they don't like. The spread of illness from student to student would significantly lower due to this change. In case of emergency, students could be taught the curriculum at home and on time without having to deal with any rushed makeup lessons. Finally, the mental health of the student body would be significantly better because of the effort that the school has taken to better their education system.