Argument of Driverless Cars.

The article talks about the future of driverless cars which in my opinon is a good idea for people who don't like to drive or are awful at driving and should not be behind the wheel of a car, but for the people who love to drive and get a thrill out of driving this idea is a nightmare to them.

In my opinion if they do make driverless cars they should still make regular cars as well.

Driverless cars are a nightmare to me.

I can't picture a world without driving a car because my whole life all I've wanted to do is drive!

What would happen to people who race cars professionaly?

Would they just sit in the car while the car did all the work?

That doesn't sound fun at all, and I'm sure anyone who has ever raced a car or anyone who still does would agree with me.

In the text it states google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009 and have drivenmore than half a million miles without a crash, but what happens when the car possibly malfunctions and kills somebody on the road?

Who are you going to blame then?

At least with a regular "man driven" car you have someone to blame it on considering your supposed to have control of your car at all times by law.

The idea of driverless cars completely disobeys the law because you are never in control of your car.

I do believe there can be positives for a driverless car though.

If a blind person is tired of relying on everyone else to take them places they can just hop in the car and tell it where to go.

If a person is handicapped they can get out of the house and view nature at its finest by getting in the car and telling it to go sight seeing.

Or if someone is just a hazzard to everyone and should not be driving a regular car, a driverless car could be better for them and everyone around them.

My conclusion is that driverless cars could be good and bad.

I do believe that they can help with further testing, but I also believe that car companys should still make cars that people can drive if the people love the thrill of driving like I do.   