Some schools require summer projects for students; these projects need to be student designed. When teachers plan a project some students don't enjoy completing the assigned task. For students to learn they have to be interested in what they are doing. There are many ways to assign a school project, it could be hands on, writing, individually, in groups etc. Each student has different skills, they should do a project that best fits that skill to succeed. Summer projects need to be student designed so that they are more motivated to complete the assignment, to have fun with the assignment and to have interest in the task.

Summer projects need to be student designed to enhance motivation. When students are motivated this encodes the topic in their memory. When students are motivated they get better grades, the project is better quality and students do the project to their best ability. As a student when a project gets assigned and I am not interested in the assignment I try to get it done as quickly as possible and put no effort into it. I end up getting a lower grade. Students will also want to keep working on the project if they are motivated to complete it. With more time spent on the project this equals better quality and higher grades. Students won't procrastinate if the project interests them and will be motivated to start the project early. As a student in High School lots of students procrastinate when given a project. If projects were student designed this would motivate them to learn about the topic.

Summer projects need to be student designed so that they have fun with it. If they had fun with the assignment then they would have a memory of their experience. If schools made learning fun they are more likely to remember the topic of the project. If students were in a group for the project this would enhance team work skills if they had fun. As a student I found out that if I had fun learning about a certain topic I remember it more clearly and can connect it to other things in life.

Summer projects need to be student designed to have students have interest in the topic. This would help students explore their interests that they never knew they were interested in. This may help students what they want to do after graduation. Chances are if a student is really interested in what they learned in class then they might explore that topic outside of school. When I had a project assigned to me that I was interested in I enjoyed completing the project and continued to learn more about it outside of school. Summer projects that have students interested is a key to success in their academic career.

In conclusion, summer projects need to be student designed so that they look forward to working on the assignment, enjoy completing the task and continue learning about the topic outside of school. Some people say that projects should be teacher designed they are wrong because students then dont get the freedom of doing what they enjoy most. It also isn't equal to all students. For example, a teacher assigns a research paper on a certain topic, some students have a love for writing and it is their strength and others don't like to write. This is why student designed projects are important. 