Generic_Name hauled his bag over his shoulder and trudged down the hallway. His feet dragged behind him and he hunched a little more with each step. It was decided that students are required to participate in an extracurricular activity, even if they didn't have an interest in it. Generic_Name had wanted to be on the robotics team, but the positions filled up quickly due to the new policy. Therefore, Generic_Name's alternative was joining the football team. He had to purchase a bunch of equipment and then carry a large bag around every day. His friend, Generic_Name, came up to him in the hallway and asked, "Are you on your way to football practice?" "Unfortunately," Generic_Name mumbled back. Generic_Name wasn't bad at football, he just didn't enjoy playing it. Generic_Name knew of several athletes who had wanted to be on the football team, but couldn't because too many people who didn't want to participate signed up. "How's the student council?" Generic_Name asked Generic_Name. "I hate it. I wanted to be apart of the school newspaper, but there were no more positions by the time I signed up," Generic_Name responded. This was the scenario for many students. They were pressured into choosing a sport or club that they didn't have an interest in. Students who were interested in participating, didn't enjoy it as much because those who didn't want to participate hindered the progress of others. Generic_Name and Generic_Name didn't have the luxury of personal activities after school anymore because they were both forced into extracurricular activities that weren't interesting to them. I disagree with the decision of making every student participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it takes away from other students' after school activities, it would be a burden on the students who don't want to participate, and it wouldn't be as enjoyable for the students who do want to participate.

The first reason you should disagree with this decision is because it would take away from other students' after school activities. Students may be apart of out of school activities such as recreational basketball, a community robotics team, or a community service committee. Students would be forced to either drop out of these activities or jam their schedule due to the required addition of an extracurricular activity. Also, some students may have after school responsibilities such as walking their dog, meeting a sibling on their way home, or preparing dinner. These responsibilities would be interfered by an unnecessary impediment of disinterest. These extracurricular activities may not catch the interest of some students and take away from their other after school activities.

Another reason you should disagree with this decision is because it would be a burden on the students who don't want to participate. Students may see this as another activity they're being forced into participating in against their will. If a student is truly interested in an extracurricular activity, then they will sign up on their own. But making them participate won't be as beneficial as some may think. Imagine if you had to participate in a club or sport that didn't interest you in the slightest. Would you be fine with that? Some activities also require specific materials and supplies that aren't provided by the school. Some sports and clubs also require a student to carry around a separate bag or wear a specific item of clothing. These required activities can also increase the amount of stress put on students throughout the day. Being forced into choosing an extracurricular activity puts an unnecessary burden on students would don't wish to participate.

In addition to taking away from other after school activities and putting a burden on students who don't want to participate, this decision would also take away some of the enjoyment from students who do want to participate. When you're on a team, whether it's a sport or a club, you need to work as a team. If one person on your team isn't putting in his or her full effort or holding up his or her end, it makes the experience less enjoyable for those who do participate. Put yourself in their shoes for a moment. Would you want someone who's not going to work as hard as everyone else on your team? All it takes is a couple of people to ruin it for everybody else. Students who participate in a club because they're interested or desire a future profession in that area of expertise may find it bothersome and not as enjoyable if a student doesn't participate. If this decision were put into action, it would take away some of the enjoyment from the students who want to participate.

Generic_Name walked with a spring in his step towards the robotics room. When he arrived, he dropped his backpack and went straight to work. He enjoyed building and designing robots and was able to contribute to his team's effort because of his interest. Everyone else on his team had signed up because of their interest as well. As Generic_Name was arranging his tools, Generic_Name walked in behind him with a smile across his face. "Guess what?" Generic_Name asked as he flaunted a folded newspaper in his hand. "What?" Generic_Name replied curiously. "I wrote an article on the importance of student choice in school, and the principal liked it so much that he appointed me head of the school paper!" "Congratulations, Generic_Name," Generic_Name said happily. Generic_Name turned and walked out of the class with excitement and said, "See you later, Generic_Name." Generic_Name turned towards the rest of his robotics team and began working. Since he had an intention on joining the team, Generic_Name was able to clear up his schedule after school so he could participate efficiently. Generic_Name felt relieved that he didn't have to carry around an extra bag and was satisfied by his team's effort. I disagree with the decision of making every student participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it may take away from other students' after school activities, it would be a burden on the students who don't want to participate, and it wouldn't be as enjoyable for the students who do want to participate.