Dear senator, the electoral college many be a good process to help select a president. "The founding fathers established it in the constiitution as a compromise between election of President by a vote in Congress and by popular vote of qualified citizens.(infor. find in paragraph 1)", but in my opinoin i think that we should change the election by the popular votes. By doing that, it allows voters to have a fair vote. There would not a "winner-take-all" system anymore, but above all the candidates can have a fair fight against each other without the interfrence of the representatives.

Well to start it off, why would having the popular vote be better than the electoral college? That's because the electoral college is unfair to voters. "The winner-take-all system in each state caused the candidates to not spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states.(infor find on paragraph 13)"

Perhaps you are wondering, what does the reprentatives got anything to do with electoral college being unfair to the candidates. When there are two candidates who are tie in the electoral vote, the decision whould be thrown to the representative to decised. "The single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, and the 55 representatives from california represent 35 million voters.(infor find on  paragraph 12)" By given that many votes for just one representative, is it fair for the candidates? Not only that, but what about the 55 representative from california, what if all those 55 representative voted for their candidate from california? You know without thinking, of course the candidate from california would win. Would it be fair for the candidates and the other voters?

Although if you think about it, electoral vote can help in cerent ways. Like what if there is not many voters that voted? Or being in a tie, but of course that wouldn't happens, and like i said earlier it would'nt be fair to some of the candidates and voters who tried hard to elect or be elected. Like i said before please change the system of electing president by popular votes instead of electoral college!    