Dear principal,

I would like to say if you are trying to change the policy to making students have to have a b average in order to do any sports or activities, then i think that is a very good idea.

Having children actually know that they can't do any sports or any other activity unless they pay attention to their academics first is as brilliant idea. Because if you put that in their minds they will probably try hard to get those grades and everybody wants to achieve whither it's good or bad. So making that a policy would be very good chose.

The reason for this is because a lot of children like to do sports and other activities after school because they want to be known for something or they just want to be doing something. The thing is most of the children that do very well in sports or any other activity are always just thinking about that one thing or multiple thing that their good at. And i don't know just forget all about their academics and when they see their grade is a at a c average their like it doesn't matter I'll still be in this sport. And don't get me wrong a c average is not bad an the other hand that is great to some people. But let me tell you something a b average is much better. And since their just keeping their mind on c averages their not caring and just before you know it their grade has dropped to and f average and then the have nothing to say.

But here's the plan if you tell them that they should keep their grades up to be in sports they will be more focused on it and not just not caring. Because some children may not know it but academics are very important "knowledge power." And it takes you a lot of places in life good places though. So making children put their minds on academics more is not a bad idea. And trust me i' m not just hating, so they say on sports or any other activity because i play lots of sports myself(track and field, soccer, cheer leading, and gymnastics act..). But because i know that academics are more important i put my mind to more so that i can succeed in life and that what everyone should want is to succeed. Because as stated before "knowledge is power."