America was built upon the foundation known as democracy, yet we have been desecrating on what we believe in for years. I am talking about the elctoral college, the process of picking a president or senator through voting for what an elector decides on and acts as a representative for what a certain region decides to vote for. From the Office of the Federal Register, "The Electoral College consists of the selection of the elctors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral vites by Congress." I do not believe that the elctoral college is a wise decision as it being the process of voting for our next leader.

Many people disagree with my opinion and there are a few reasons why, that even I support. From the article "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president," by Richard A. Posner, he states that the outcome is certain when applying electoral college to a vote, while a dispute can be more likely to occur using the popular vote method. However, thye elctorial college can even decrease the percentage of voters in the country. There are Democrats in Texas while California has Republicans. This means that there are elctors who already know what they're voting for and the candidates only visit "swing" states or states who have no preference on what party they are voting for. This will decrease the chance of voters to vote in a state that already knows what party the electors of their state will vote for.

I agree on the basis that vote by popular election is more applicable to the situation of voting rather than by electoral college. One reason is the mess-up that occured on the presidential election voting in 2000. The problems of the electoral college is the reason why Florida screwed up and George Bush became president rather than Al Gore, who won the popular vote. Taken from the Article, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong," by Bradford Plumer,"Answer: Abolishing the electoral college! They're not alone; according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote, but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now."

Another reason as stated by Plumer's article,"Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president." What would happen if there is a tie on the votes the elector gets? Would the elector simply choose one or the other or might not even vote at all. I also believe that it is unfair that each state gets the number of electors based on the population of the state. If California was Republican while Idaho could be for Democrats, then both do not have an equal value because California has more people. Overall, electoral college seems sophisticated but whatever happened to being "plain and simple?".

Voting through the popular vote method seems much easier and much better than voting within a certain region counts as one vote. It would be much simpler if every vote of every single person counted as it's own vote for the president, not for an elector. This makes your vote not seem that worthy and is the cause of discouragement of voting. From the Office of the Federal Register it states that, "Most states have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate." There is proportional representation or statistics involved, simply who gets more takes it and it would be unfair to each person with this method.

In conclusion, the elctoral college is an out-dated process for electing a president and should be changed to whoever, wins the popular vote because deep-down, the people are the key figure in voting. With this process, you are undermining you, your state, and even your country by continuing with this absurd and unnescessary process when it could be all voted and decided, "by the people and for the people."            