Why do people ask for advice from multiple people? For some people asking multiple people for multiple responses gives them multiple options to answer a specific question about some thing. One reason for seeking multiple options is that it helps people make a better choice on something then having one option. Second reason is that it makes the person looking for advice more comfortable with multiple options. Third reason is that they have the answer but not the right answer their looking for so they ask multiple people when asking for advice.

When people are seeking for advice they ask multiple people, Because when your looking for good advice you don't want to ask one person, Because when asking one person you are going to give you one answer/perspective of the situation, But getting multiple answers or perspectives of the situation makes it easier to make a choice rather then having one perspective. Let me give you an example "I need help with studying for a test what should I do?" Generic_Name said "You should use the textbook" see now you only got one answer but its better to get more, Because it gives you more options instead of being stuck with one option/perspective of the person. Let me give you another example but this time with multiple decisions. "I need help with studying for the test what should I do?" Generic_Name said "You should use the textbook" Generic_Name said "You should use the online study guide that the teacher gave us to use because it has more information on it then the textbook" Generic_Name said "We can study together using the flash card I made for the test" Now do you see now you can pick the better option rather than only picking one.

When people are have trouble with a advice and they don't know what to do. One person is not best option because with only one person you can only do the advice that one person gave you, Having more than one person makes it possible where you can choose what better option for you instead of being stuck with one thing. Let me give you an example "what can I use to study for the test? Generic_Name said "You should use the textbook for the test" Generic_Name said "You should use the study guide that the teacher gave us" and Generic_Name said "You should use the flash cards" Then i gather up the information and I pick like, Let me say "hhmm I don't really like to read from the text book" so I dont do it. Then I think if I should use the flash cards or the study guide. "hmm I really like the flash cards because its like a game to study so im going to pick flash cards." Now do you see how it make it more comfortable?

When people already know the answer. They ask for other people to see if they agree with him like "I know I want to do the flash cards, But should I do them?" so then I ask Generic_Name "What should i use for the test?" Generic_Name said" flash cards". Then I asked Generic_Name "What should I do for the for the test?" Generic_Name said "You should use the textbook" . Then I asked Generic_Name "What should i use for the test?" Generic_Name said "You should use the flash cards" .Now I know 100% that I should use the flash cards for the test.

So my opinion on. If one person is better then 2 or more I would say "No", because 2 or more is just better because you get more options and you get more perspectives rather then just having one person to tell you something "You Know?" Like if I say "Should I get this video game or Is this game good?" and if many people say yes or the game is amazing, I have more information about the game rather then having just one perspective of the game.