Have you ever been in a situation where you have to make a hard choice and don't know what to do? There are many reasons why it is very important to ask for multiple opinions of advice. Some of the best reasons are because you get different points of view, you make better choices, and your choice doesn't reflect just one view.

The first reason I think it is important to ask for multiple opinions of advice is because you get different points of view. Sometimes one person's advice might not be the best choice for your situation. An example for this would be if you had to choose between going to a track meet or going to your sister's birthday party. If you get different points of view then it will help you make a well-rounded decision. Some people you ask might have been in a similar situation and have really good advice for which event to go to. Also if there are any people who have to choose between the 2 things too, ask them what they have decided on and why. All of these reasons will help you make a good decision.

The second reason I think that asking for multiple points of view is important is that you make better choices. If you just base your final decision off of what you think, you might regret it. Sometimes when you ask for advice, you realize things you never thought of. Like the example in the last paragraph, someone that you ask might remind you that it is your state track meet. This would greatly influence your final decision because that might be your most important meet of the season. This also helps you think about the long-term effect of your choice. How will this effect other people? How will this make me look? All of these things should be taken into consideration before making your final choice.

The final reason I think that asking for multiple opinions of advice is your choice doesn't reflect just one view. World leaders have to make choices all the time. Their choice needs to reflect the country's view. If the world leader made a choice based just on what he thought, then the country would probably get mad. If the leader asks for advice from co-workers or citizens then the country will be happy with the choice. The presidential election is a really good example of this because the electoral college has to choose the presidential nominee that the citizens want the most. If they just picked a random candidate then the country's citizens would be mad at the government. This method however of asking people for advice to make a better choice can be used for any situation big or small.

As you can see, asking for multiple views of advice can be very helpful in any situation. Just always remember to ask multiple people, make a decision that doesn't only reflect your point of view, and think about how your choice will effect other people involved. 