Electoral College votes should be changed to election by popular vote. Electoral College votes don't really have purpose to them , but popular votes do. Instead of voting to choose electors to vote for the next president, popular votes seem more accurate , because it shows what president is more popular or wanted by the people.

To add on, electoral college votes not for the president, but for a slate of electors, states source 2. The electors are people not holding public office, which no one wants to vote for electors, the whole point is just to vote for the next president to serve and help maintain our country. Electoral College votes can be confusing also because voters may sometimes vote for the wrong canidate which is another problem if that person wasn't really voted for in the right mindset. To conclude, most people believe that electoral votes are unfair and in my opinion shouldn't be continued.

On the other hand, some people might agree to the idea of electoral college votes, it has certainty of outcome and sometimes the electoral college votes excede the popular votes , which gaurentee the win of the president elected. In toss-up states however, voters tend to pay more attention to the campaign and really listen to the competing canidates. So in toss-up states, thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election but electoral college votes don't necessarily let that happen. Lastly , electoral votes are kind of a good thing because it avoids the problem of elections where no canidate recieves a majority of the votes casted. With electoral votes, we avoid the problem of run-off elections and by doing so , the electoral votes help clear a winner.

In conclusion, the thought of electoral college votes all relys on someones opinion. If more people dislike the idea of the electoral college vote , then maybe it could be changed to popular vote only. In some peoples opinions, using electoral college votes are somewhat useless because most people who vote, their votes won't count , which makes the whole voting process pointless since everyone doesn't get a say in what president they should be able to have to help bring out and set forth their ideas. But popular vote allows that freedom of voting for the most wanted president, not the president picked only because electors wanted them. Voting is all based on the perspective of all people which is why electoral college votes should be changed to election by popular vote only.    