Is it really important to stay connected to people every minute of every day? Even while driving? Texting and driving is a plague that has ravaged the lives of many people all over. There are way too many people dying because if this outrageous act. People really have to take notice in how dangerous this problem is.

As hard as it is to take your eyes away from your phone, it needs to happen. Sending a simple text is not worth a life. It can be extremely crucial, especially when it comes to texting and driving. Millions of people have died and killed others due to this epidemic. Texting and driving has been the leading cause of car accidents in the recent years.

Texting and Driving is probably the most common in the death of teens. Not only is it dangerous to the person driving, but to all of the cars surrounding the person that is driving the vehicle. In agreement with many people, texting and driving is similar, if not Identical to drunk driving. Using your cellular device impairs your vision and causes you to lose focus on the road. We as a nation should make stricter laws enforcing "No texting and driving" or creating a system that disables your phone the moment you pull out of the driveway.

Even though texting and driving is a well-known known issue our young and older adult are blind to the consequences of it. As a result of texting becoming so popular, the percentage rate of the deaths due to these types of accidents have rapidly increased. Texting and Driving puts so many unknowing people at risk. People think that being connected to other is more important than focusing on the road ahead. While being behind the wheel of a moving vehicle, drivers should never direct their attention to their cellphones or any other mobile device.

Texting can be extremely hazardous when you are behind the wheel of a moving vehicle. Texting and driving is most frequent in young adults. The dangers of texting and driving results in the increase of deaths annually, because texting is so popular. If people would open their eyes to the dangers of texting while driving, less car accidents would take place every year and the roads would be much safer.          