Grades are everything to students, even more so to students who want a bright future. Those students always turn in everything and always do thier work. Even those types of students get bored too. Students want something fun and interactive, and matbe they will actually enjoy school. Children, just like adults, don't want to do something they don't enjoy. The goverment actually requires kids to go to school and only miss 14 days of school each semester. Them making kids go to school takes the fun out of it. Then there are the teachers, some make school great and others not so much. Therefore, kids get themselves into trouble. They don't do it because they're bad kids, they do it because they're bored and wanna have fun. Then kids skip class, to hang out with their friends, or they just skip school all together. Some even get into fights, just beacuse they're bored and want to do something. Students don't like doing hoemwork, or class work, either. They like it least of all when they have to do it over summer break, but if we let them make up their own summer projects they are more likely to do it, have fun, and be creative.

To begin, students don't want to do homework or projects, but if we give them a little trust and freedom to make their own project, they are way more likely do actually do they project. Kids don't like to be told what to do. The solution is to let them do what they want to, for their own projects. They come up with the concept and the idea, that makes sure that they are interested in it. A great example is, if you tell a teenager to make a project for science class, and they want to make a video game, let them. They can program a very low level game during the summer, and when school is back in session they can show they class and everyone can play it. Not only does this help that kid learn new skills and learn about science, but he can feel a sense of pride when people want to play his game. Some also say that playing video games can help them learn about certain classes. Just like, how minecraft can teach you a lot about earth science, a kid playing minecraft and trying to find ways to fix bugs with in the game, can help him learn skills for his programming class. Students are more likely to do a summer project, if they can create it themselves.

Secondly, children need to be creative. This day and age creativity is even more important then it ever has been before. For them to be successful, they need to be different and think differently than others. They have to stand out from the crowd. Letting students make their own summer projects can help them do just that. Letting kids create something, not only benefits them now with a better grade, but benefits them later in life too. They learn that nothing that you love doing will be easy to achieve. That you have to really work at it, no matter how small it may seem. Students will most likely create something they love and can do it themselves. An example is, a student loves to bake and her english teacher told her class that they had to make a project on the book they just read, Romeo and Juliet. This student decides she is going to make the balcony sence, where the two characters are just talking. That student did something, she really didn't want to do, and turned it into something fun. That girl got to do soemthing she really loved and challenged her self to make soemthing so big. Children need creativity, so why not let them do their own summer projects?

Last, but not least, kids need to have fun. They aren't going to do something that isn't fun. Kids aren't goin gto do something they can't pick. Thats like your parents forcing you into dance and you really hate dancing, but really love writting. Your not going to want to go to dance, you going to try everything to get out of it. Having fun is apart of life and if you never have fun, how are you suppose to enjoy life? People have fun in different ways, every person gives fun a different meaning. One kid might think partying is fun and another might think playing sports is fun. The point is, to enjoy not only a school project, but life, you need to have fun. If we let the students pick their own summer project, than they will have a much better time doing it. Isn't that whats most important? For everyone to have fun and not push it off, or just not do it. A good example of this is, a swimmer, a person who loves to swim competitively, does a science project on the human body. The project is on how the depth of the pool can effect your sleeping habbits. The student is going to have much more fun doing that instead of some stuffy, old project her teacher gave her. Students need to be able to have fun, letting them choose their own summer projects guarintee that.

On the other hand, everyone choosing thier own projects, will make it harder on the teachers, to grade. They have not thought about, the students. Making it easier on themselves, doesn't make it better for their students. Teachers giving everyone the same projects doesn't make it fun or interesting. It makes it harder, because you want yours to be different, but the chances of that are really small. Then when they get back from break, they don't get that sense of pride and they can feel poorly aboout themselves. Teachers must let students make their own projects, not only does it help them have fun, be creative, and actually do the project, but it also helps them figure things out on their own with no help. That skill has to be taught somehow, why not through a summer project?

In conclusion, students should design their own summer projects. This not only helps them now, with a grade, but it also helps them in the future, with very important skills. Teachers are going to have a harder time to grade these projects, but isn't it worth it? Teachers are here to teach students to be ready for life. Students don't like homework, but they would if they want to, having fun, and being creative.