For the argument of "Driverless Cars Are Coming" i am against the idea of driverless cars. The reasons why i am against it is one becasue it is not safe. Who would be infault if the car was the crash with a driverless car. Also human drivers must remain alert in case needed to be tooken over.

Driverless cars are not safe! The only way a car and the person in it are safe is if there is a human driver. In most states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars. it is also very dangerous because whos to say that the care will funcation right all the time if there is not a human driver anything could happen. technology could go out and cause an accident. i just feel that sensors ans motions are not good enough to control a car we need actually people who can see and understand a car to be driviing at all times. also it could be not safe because whos to say that accident rates dont go up all becase driverless cars. Who would be in fault.

Who would be infault of an accident of a driverless car? That would be something hard to point the finger at the technology of the car could fail and lead to an accident. Whos fault would that be the driver or the manufacturer? If there was to be an accident the driverless car would not be able to talk or even tell its side of the story. it could even be hard to detect what casued the driverless car to be in an accident if that was the problem. Even for the human driving that hit the driverless car whos to say that they could afford the bill an insurance of hitting a driverless car. You would have to come up with who fault it was the human or the car. Humans reaming alert is also a problem.

If humans had to stay alert of a driverless car then they might as well driver it. Who can actually look out for such a car machine if something was to go wrong they woul need to fix it. in oder for that to happen you would need highly trained people to know how to control the driverless car. It is notified to tell the driver when work zones and things like that are ahead which can be a big problem. The driverless car could notfiy the perosn a little late. If the passenger has to stay alert the car is not as smart as they are making it seem and also needs to be controlled by a human driver.

i am still against Driverless "Cars Are Coming Soon". The resons why are becasue they are not safe, who would be infault of an accident, and humans have to stay alert. The driverless car need a little more improving before puttung it on the streets. I hope you understand why i am against driverless cars.        