When trying to seek advice for a certain task you never just ask for one opinion. You seek advice to find out what the general group of people are going to think. The human mind always wants to be like in a way so that it can feel important, or special. This is why we ask people what their opinion is on the subject.

Human's ask want to be liked when getting other opinion they find out what is liked the most, we hop on the ban wagon. The opinion of other matter to individuals. I find this to be helpful to make a decision. I believe that you should get multiply opinions will help you make a better choice.

In civic you learn about how when a candidate is doing well you tend to like that Candidate, this is called than ban wagon. You tend to witness the type of doing more than you thing you do. When in a argument you have to see both side of what your talking about and what the other is talking about. This also tends to happen when you make a decision, you dont know how it will role over along with the general group of people. I find the ban wagon happen to me all the time, when wanting to make a decision about what to eat, you ask what the people would like to have. if you were to not ask at all you may make a wrong decision and make someone go to where their least favorite type of food. So when finding about a question that concerns multiply people you must get the general consensus. In sports you tend to like the team that is doing the best, because our minds like to be right.

The human always wants to be loved so it will find a way for others to like it. Weather it is though laughter, of showing off. I believe that when you make a decision you think about will others like what I am doing. That is why you get the opinions of others. Stay up to the latest trend can also help you make a decision due to you not wanting to get judged. I thing that you can be influenced by what is going on at the time.

When making a decision I do believe that getting multiple opinions does help you make a better decision.

Weather you care about what people thing, up to the latest trends, it is good to get multiple opinions. Your choices may change due to these causes but ultimately they call is in your own hands.