Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. If students are able to attend to classes from home by way on online or video conferencing it is a good choice, because students can have more time to spend with your family,

students are able to do other such of things while they are doing something, and also students can travel to different places.

First, some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Some students when they have classes by online they save more time for them and for their family. For example, my sister PROPER_NAME was going to normal classes at school but she did not want to go to school anymore so she decided to attend to classes by online, when she was taking her classes by online she noticed that she had more time to spend with her family, because when she was going to school she never had the chance to spend time with her parents like she does now like; by going shopping, visiting other families, etc. now she can go with her parents and do fun stuffs. Sometimes she also have the chance to go to parties with her friends, but before going out somewhere she always needed to finish her work and take her classes.

Next, some schools offer distance learning to attend to classes by way of online. Students are able to do other such of things while they are doing something. For example, my cousin PROPER_NAME is taking classes online because she needed to take care of her one kid at home, one day her family and she were talking in a group chat that they wanted to do something for Christmas that was coming up in a week so all her family wanted to pass Christmas at her house so she also agreed with that and she needed to clean and be ready for that Christmas but while she was preparing all that she was preparing the food, the Christmas tree, drinks, table and making sure that all the gifts were able to fit under and around the Christmas tree, so she was not so worried about her classes online, because she was able to do both things at the same time; preparing the Christmas stuffs and taking her classes online, and also she was very comfortable doing both things because it was not complicated for her and she toke it as the easy way.

Last, learning from attending to classes by online is a good choice. Some students when they are taking their classes online they can also travel to different places. For example, when my cousin PROPER_NAME and me went to Myrtle Beach, I asked to my cousin Verenice why did she bring her computer to the beach and then she told me that she was going to need it because she was taking some classes by online, but I was wondering if she can take her classes while she was not at home, then I asked her and she told me that she was able to take her computer anywhere she was going and she can still take her classes online as normally, so that really surprised me because I did not know that students that take classes online could also have the chance to take their classes by being in different place, she was just relaxing the whole day and was enjoying every single moment without any interruption.

In Conclusion, I agree that students can attend to online classes because it can help them a lot and they can also save more time than going to normal classes. It is a good choice for students to learn and attend to classes from online or video conferencing, because students are able to spend more time with their family, they are able to other things while they are doing something else, and also students have the chance to travel to different places with having no problems with it. 