The value of not using this technology is great, because its just more reasonable to know your own moods ftom your expressions instead of a computer. I say this because it's more natural to use your own mind instead of having to with a computer. This is my opinion of this article, because it makes you have to use your mind instead of having a computer to use it for you.

Students should use their minds when it comes to this, because you will be able to tell other people moods and yours also. In the text it states," The facial expression for each emotion are universal." What this means is that the facial expressions we use are used all over the world. So why not learn them your self instead of having a computer to do it for you. When you travel there will be facial expressions every where so it's best if you learn them on your own so you will understand what there moods are.

When you can tell people's mood from their facial expression and you address it to the person they might think your smart. In the text it states," Moving your facial muscles not only express emotions, but also may even help produce them." This is also another good reason to read facial expressions, because it benefits you in a mentally way by reading people's body language. Another way it can benefit you is because it shows your actaully paying attention to the person's emotions.

When you use an computer to read people emotions just imagine doing it non verbally and using your mind to read it. In the text it states," In fact, we humans perform this same impressive "calculation" every day." For an example if your friend is looking down or happy you will most likely be able to tell from their facial expressions. I say this because us as humans we use facial expressions everyday so why not be able to read them.

As you read this passage this can be a life lesson, because it's used in everyday life. As we get older and years pass we will always use facial expression so it's best to learn them instead of a computer doing it for you. This is my opinion of this article, because it makes you have to use your mind instead of having a computer to use it for you.