Offering distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing by schools is a good idea, but I take a position on this issue to say that, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes classes from home due to the following reasons.

First of all,some students when offered distance learning will not pay attention to their lessons. They will distracted either by their cell phones or electronic devices. And we all know students always like to be on their cell phones at anytime and anywhere. Also,Students can be distracted either by their parents or siblings which may cause them lack behind ahead of their lessons. So when all of this happens , students may be delayed which will cause them to fail and waste of time. For example,my cousin came to the United States of America with his siblings and he was permitted to to take one of his subjects or courses online. And anytime he gets home,he doesnt get a peace of mind because of the disturbances and worries from his siblings. Due to this,he fell apart in his studies which caused him to fail the course.

Another reason is that,some students finds it difficult and boring to learn on their own pace. Because they encounter a lot of problems in their studies. Students finds it very hard to understand lessons without the presence and explanation of a teacher. And again,students finds it very boring when learning on their own because there is no form of oral conversation between the teacher and student. Some students prefer being active in studies rather being dull or inactive. So when all these happens,the students may skip the contents because he or she doesn't get any understanding,

or close the contents and go to sleep. For instance,I had a friend who was struggling with these same problems,he feels bored and difficult to understand in distance learning. So anytime he gets to sit for the lessons,he feels sleepy during a short period of time. He sometimes drink a whole cup of thick coffee but it doesn't make any changes. So what he does is to off the computer and go to bed. And this hinders his academic performance each year.

Lastly,students feel fatigue or weak in distance learning since they don't get time to take rest after school. Some students even have to close work after school before taking the online class. With these,it makes student lazy and sleepy when he or she sits in fronts of the computer to learn. And me myself is experiencing this problem. When school closes, I have to walk half a mile before I gets home,and from there,I work on my assignments and take my shower. So by the time I will be done,then it is getting late, and I still have to take this classes online. I feel tired in learning at times which retards my level of learning.

From these reasons, I would like to conclude that,students would not benefit from distance learning because there are so many disadvantages from it which has brought low level academics in their studies.

Thank you.