Phones and driving

Everyday people die in car accidents because they use cell phones while driving. Cell phones are the leading factors that cause accidents. In the most part of United States is illegal use your phone while driving including in georgia, people still use cell phones because they want to be always available and keep in touch with other people.

People should not use their cell phones while driving because there is a higher risk of cause an accident. Texting and driving appear to be significant problem especially between younger drivers that are so affected with the using of cell phones and been on the social media. Distracted drivers can increase the possibility of accidents. For an example even a two seconds of distraction, taking your eyes off the road and pick up your cell phone to see who's calling, increases your risk of crashing.

Its illegal in the some part of united states and also in some other places around the world due to that is a major reason why people get into accidents. People die because the drivers are on their phones while driving. That's why in georgia the leading cause to distracted driving is phones thats why this law came out " hands-free" making illegal use your phone while driving. Opponents say that hands-free set is safety because people can drive using two hands. However,

hands free does not eliminate the risk of causing an accident. Some People don't follow the rules or laws it seems like they don't care or take it serious but this law was made it especially for you the drivers to protect yourself and others.

Cell phones should be banned while driving because they are causing lot of car accident. Banning cellphones while driving will allow driving to keep a safe distance from accidents. One cannot focus fully on the road and the other vehicle, if one keeps talking on the consistently while driving. Using cell phones while driving should be banned completely for the safety of everyone on the road. It does not matter how good are you at multitasking, it should be forbidden and against the law.

In conclusion, cell phones are dispensable tools that we cannot live without, but we should avoid abusing them need to use it responsibly. Concluding, if people don't give up cell phones the number of fatalities on the road will still increase. It is every drivers responsibility to protect their own and others people lives.                