An industrial world without cars may seem to be ages away, but according to the studies conducted in the passages, the reduction of car use is very positive culturally, environmentally, and even economically.

One advantage of a society without cars is a relief of stress. The residents of Vauban, Germany, a car-free suburban town, are much happier there. They don't have to deal with the pollution of gas emission or noise pollution from traffic; they simply hear bicycles swishing by and children playing.

Car free towns have been an intriguing idea for years now; even major organizations like the Environmental Protection Agency and Transportation for America are willing to pursue car-free cities for many reasons. The major motivation for getting rid of cars is pollution. In Europe, 12% of gas emissions come from cars, and in some car-intensive areas in America, gas emissions from cars reach 50%. There was even a ban on driving in Paris for a short while when the smog became too hectic. That's a massive amount of pollution- an amount that can be greatly reduced.

Some countries are slowly getting on board with the whole "car-free" idea. In Bogota, there's a car free day where everyone takes alternative forms of transportation to get around, be it buses, bikes, or skateboards, which makes a huge difference in such a heavily populated metropolis. The citizens really enjoy this day, hinting that a car free life is more enjoyable. This car free day has even spread to other Colombian cities like Cali and Valledupar and will soon spread to other countries as well.

If a car free society is ideal, how come we don't have it yet? Currently, we still depend greatly on cars; giving them up wholly is a very radical change. However, governments are working into it slowly. On top of car-free towns like Vauban and car-free holidays like in Bogota, car-free cities are being planned. These cities would be very dense, making it easier to get around with a bike, on foot, or on public buses and metrorails rather than in a private car. This will reduce pollution greatly, spawn a healthier population, and even support local business growth now that local restaurants will be a walk away from one's home. Even today, cities have been favoring alternative transportation with tolls on cars that exempt bikes.

It is even evident in America that the amount of people getting drivers liscences has been dropping steadily. Culturally, everything is growing to be more local: carpools, public transportation, and the internet keep eveyone connected without having to use private cars.

In the final analysis, shifting towards a society that is less dependent on cars will bring about very positive results. People will be able to enjoy a more local, connected, and happier environment and nature will flourish too with the relief of pollution, both in the form of noise and gas emission. Hopefully, the reduction of car use will be well under way in the near future and we can progress, improving society and repairing the global ecosystem.    