I am about to tell you, from Luke's point of view, why participating in the Seagoing Cowboys program is a great opportunity and why you shouldn't pass it up I'f you do get invited to go.

The first reason is becuase you could go on so many journeys,and trips that you've never even thought of in your head before. Like it says in the article Luke couldn't say no to an opportunity that huge. Anyway,like I was saying there's so many unique and fun places that you could go. Luke went to Europe and China,and Acropolis in Greece, it's an amazing journey. Sometimes if the journey that you are taking is a very long one,like in the passage You could do a lot of things. It took two weeks to cross the Atlantic Ocean from the eastern coast and a month to get to China. In addition, they would play baseball,volleyball games,Table-tennis tournaments,fencing,boxing,reading and whittling.

The second reason is becuase if you've never taken a trip anywhere out of the U.S then this is an amazing chance for you to get out there and explore different places of the world. Why would you wanna pass up an amazing chance like that? Being in this program could take you anywhere in the world from places ranging to Venezuela all the way to Athens,Greece and those are beautiful places in the world. Wouldn't you like to go see them? I'f you've already been to the places that the program would take you,then,hey, what's the harm in seeing those places again? You never know they could've built new homes,stores,hotels,and everything awesome like that. Okay,yes,it says in the passage that One rainy night,after making his hourly report to the captain,Luke slid down a slippery ladder on his backside and cracked his ribs. Everyone gets physically in their lifetime.

The third reason, this reason is for parents. Wouldn't you love for your child to go and explore the different places of the world? They would be so excited if they were to get a chance like that to go to all different places of the whole world. I mean of course they would probably hesitate at first because they would be so far from home. They could go to Fiji,Thailand and just work work with animals and play games,do every fun thing that a kid is supposed to do while their still young. In the article,Paragraph 9 Luke says ''I'm grateful for the opportunity'' It made me more aware of our people and countries and their needs''.

Fourth Reason is you get to help people in other countries who are homeless,doesn't have any food,tired,sleepless nights and going through everything. Your child could become a doctor from benefting from this trip and helping people. Their are countries and people in need,and this is a great chance to help people out and benefit from what people are going through. In the passage it says he even went to

Venice,Italy,streets with water''. He visited a castle in Crete and loved the viewing at the Panama Canal on his way to China. Like I said in the other paragraphs their are so many places for your kids to go and have fun in this world. Just know it's an amazing opportunity.

Concluding this essay. What I'm trying to point out is that this is an opportunity of a lifetime. You could explore places and countries around this world you didn't know existed. Kids it's a great opportuntity. Don't pass it up. There's so much in this wrold that you would accomplish just being out in the world. Luke went to so many places it was unbelieveable all the beautiful and magical places he described.