Let's say you went ot a school where you were forced to play a sport or join a club. You probably wouldn't like it, would you? I don't think it's the best idea to have a policy where every student needs to participate in extracurricular activities. Some reasons are, right after school, most students have things to do, some students may not be interested in participating in an extracurricular, and lastly, it's isn't right to force students to do something that they may not want to do. These are some reasons why it's not the best idea to have a rule where all students must participate in extracurriculars activities.

Most of the students that go to Generic_School are very busy after school. They have to go to things like sports, or doctors appointments, or just have plans with their friends. If every student had to participate in a club or sport, students wouldn't be able to or have the time to carry out the plans that they had. You might say that not all sports are right after school, and I'd say that is correct, but, us students would like to have some time to go home ad relax, or hang out with friends, before having to go to whatever sport or activity we have going on outside of school. If we had to participate in extracurriculars, some of us just would not have enough time to go home and relax our brains!

It's also possible that students aren't interested in doing anything extra at school at all! If we forced them tp do extracurricular activities here at school, they probably wouldn't enjoy it, so they wouldn't enjoy school as much, then there wouldn't be as mush time and effort into their schoolwork. Then they wouldn't be getting good grades, and everything would just go downhill. It's like a domino effect!

Some students aren't interested in joining the student council either. It's very hard being on the student council. You always need to be coming up with new creative ideas, and help put middle school events together. It's a lot of work to do! With schoolwork ans being on the student council, some students might get flustered an may feel like they're drowning in work to do.

On the other hand, joining an extracurricular may be fun. It's a great way to make new friends! If you're bored at school, it's something to do! It looks and sounds really fun, but only if you have your schoolwork and projects together. But again, if you're flustered it doesn't sound and probably won't be fun to participate in.

In conclusion, It's not right to expect all students to join a club, sport, or student council. Students may not be interested or have the time to participate.