Phones & Driving Essay

I believe that drivers shouldn't use cell phones while driving because it is an attention hazzard. Driving with your phone in hand is not only illegal but very dangerous, but driving without the distraction of a phone can lower the driving fatality rates by a lot. Also, there are apps and programs on the phones that help drivers go hands free. Last, having that phone as a distraction while driving can cause a significant lowering of you reaction time and attention to the people, objects, and other cars on the road.

First and foremost, Driving without the phone as a distraction will generally lower the fatality rates of distracted driving accidents. Not only will it save you life and everyone else in the vehicle but also you will avoid needless deaths just because you couldn't put the phone down. The lack of self-control is the reason why people get distracted by their phones, especially the younger generation of drivers which leads to possibly fatal driving accidents.

Furthermore, Driving while distracted can significantly slow down your reactions to people, objects, and other cars on the road, with that you would be more likely to hit pot holes and debris on the road and a higher chance of causing an accident. Also, looking for pedestrians crossing while distracted just makes driving harder than it has to be.

Finally, There are various things that have been put in place to keep the driver from getting distracted by their phones, For example apps and programs on the phones that keep the driver from checking or responding to their phones. It prevents the driver from getting phone calls, texts, and other notifications while in the car. Another example,

the hands-free laws that hold the people that like to drive with phone in hand accountable. Last is personal accountability, keeping yourself in check and safe but not just yourself but the people in the car with you and the other cars.

In conclusion, Drivers shouldn't drive while using a phone because if more people don't drive with their phones the likelihood of them getting into a possibly fatal accident decrease by a lot, there are also ways that you phone can keep itself from being a distraction like the apps and programs on it that block phone calls and texts, but more importantly the driver personally keeping themselves accountable for their actions on the road, and the fact that the more the driver is distracted the slower their reaction time is so they won't be able to pay closer attention to the people, objects, and other cars on the road.        