Through the development of driverless cars, there are many postive or negative aspects that can be contributed to their manufacturing. Overall, I beleive that with these developments and engineering that has gone into the manfucaturing of driverless cars, we have improved the safety of regular automotive vehicles and the standards that safety should be set at. While the development of accessories that are created for safety are commonly used in these driverless car, these safety measures can be used in development of everyday vehicles.

When creating the idea of driverless cars, many furutrists have come upon the idea that we do not need smarter cars; we need smarter roads. The development of roadways that General Motors and engineers at Berkeley tried to use were incredibly advanced. The roadways at General Motors provided the invention of an electrical cable that was to be embedded in the track, this would send radio signals to a receiver that was on the front end of the car. The engineers at Berkeley used magnets that had alternating polarity. With this new-found developments, these people created smart-road systems that worked incredibly efficently. With these developments that were made, the realization that smarter roadways may not be the correct option, but smarter cars truly hold the future. This lead to a new wave of developmental ideas.

With the development of smarter cars, automakers had come upon the manufacturing of accessories that would help everyday cars. While smart cars really do need an abundance of sensors, often times regular cars can be improved with these added. With the development of anti-lock brakes, the sensors were able to exhibit a better response and control compared to that of a human driver. The development of smarter cars has lead to furthering the improvements in sensors and the computer software and hardware that makes driving safer.

In 2013, BMW had annouced the devlopment od "Traffic Jam Assistant." This vehicle was able to drive partially by itself, but int he event of work zones and accidents, it needed the assistance of human drivers. Soon, automotive companies realized that it was a necessity to have a way for a car to gain a driver's attention. Some of these companies had seat that would vibrate, an announcement system, and flashing lights on the windshield and other displays. Through this abrupt realization, manufacturers have begun the merging of these concepts into everyday vehicles.

Through the creation of driverless cars, we have made everyday cars safer and more reliable. They are now less liekly to cause accidents. If we further the development of driverless cars, who knows where the roadways will be in twenty years? We could have the ubiquitous use of driverless cars, perhaps they could become further assimilated, maybe laws will change for safer roadways. Perhaps our everyday cars will be the safest as can be. We really don't know, but so far, the develp,ent of driverless cars has seemingly revolutionized the automaking world and planted a new seed in everyone's minds about the future which only we can change.

In conclusion, because of the devlopment of driverless cars, we have made roadways safer with the creation that have come about through their manufacturing. Without the thought of using driverless cars and making vehicles and roadways smarter, there would be a lack of development in the technological safety of vehicles. There would be far more accidents because of the lack of ability to brake, which has been stopped since of the perfection of anti-lock brakes, and there would be a lack of ability for driver's to remain focused on the roadways without the development of vibrating seats in order to gain a driver's attention when they are veering off the road. They have truly revolutionized the car manking industry and the future that we will hold.