Cars are great, you can get from one point to another in a short amount of time, but are they really necesary?  After all we have public transportation, bicicles, and our own two feet.

The advantages of car usage can be picked up by other forms of transportation, and the environment can be saved at the same time.  If car usage was limited the world and its people would be much better off.  There would be less pollution, a drop in the number of people diagnosed with diabeties, less accidents, and over all a healthier planet and world population.

There would be less pollution because if car usage was limited then there would be less pollutants from the gas in cars going up into the air.  Source 2 provides evidence of this, from "...days of near-record pollution, Paris enforcesd a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city."(Duffer 10) to "The smog cleared enough Monday for the ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday."

Additionally many people are content with not having a vehicle, or even a licence in some cases, as shown in Source 1, 3, and 4.  In Source 1 Heidrun Walter explains her view on not having a car after previously owning one, "When I had a car I was always tense.  I'm much happier this way."  Carlos Arturo Plaza in Source 3, shows his support inlimited car usage by saying how it helps the environment and the health of the people in reducing stress, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."  In Source 4 Elisabeth Rosenthal speaks of how her own children and Mr. Sivak's son, all avoid using cars and Rosenthal's children don't even have licenses and they are 19 and 21 years old.

The health of the people in our world would improve and there would be less people diagnosed with diabetes because they would likely get more exercise.  With limited car usage people would have to find other ways of transportation, which includes bike riding, skating, hiking, or public transportation.  While using public transportation would not help to improve the health of the people, biking, skating, and hiking would, as some people do these things just for excercise.  So if people were forced to do one of these alternative forms of transportation, they would be excercising and getting from point A to point B all in one shot.

Not only would limited car usage help peoples health by making them be more active, but it would also help by providing cleaner air.  Poluted air can cause health problems, especially in the lungs, if car usage was limited, then polution would go down, so people would be breathing fresher air that would cause less lung damage.

There would be less accidents because there would be less cars on the road.  The majority of the vehicles on the road would likely be public transportation too, so the drivers may be more cautious than the average driver since they have the lives of many people in their hands.

The world would be a safer and healthier place is car usage was limited.    