Technology is being used in a variety of different ways. It can find anything asked to find, do anything asked to do, it make you happy, sad, feel any emotion known to man. Technology that can recognize when the owner is upset then turn the emotions around to being happy is on it's way. The new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enabling computers to identfy students emotions in the classroom is a great idea to have. It can make school and simply just school a better experience for the students and for the teachers.

If a student gets bored while working on a assignment on the computer then the new FACS technology could change that. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused ot bored," Dr. Huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." That means whenever the student is getting bored of the lesson and wants to stop working then the technology would see that the student is getting sidetracted and change the lesson up a little bit so the student would keep working and get involved again. The teacher would have to do less work because they wouldn't have to yell at the kids to get back to work, the computer could get them to work again. It benefits the both the student and the teacher by not letting the kid fall behind in school work and making the day easier on the teacher.

Humans don't communicate or talk about emotions anymore. Way back then when there wasn't any technology people would interact with each other and talk about enotions. Now that there's technology everywhere you look people have their faces stuck into it and don't socialize. "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication," notes Dr. Huang. "So computers need to understand that, too." What Dr. Huang is saying is completely true, people don't talk and socialize anymore, so if everyone has technology and is always using it then the new technology FACS is a great thing for technology to have. When someone is upset and sad and just on a phone or computer it will recognize that and make things on the screen pop up that made you happy and smile before. It would be a great addition to technology at school, if a student is having a bad day and gets on the computer the computer will see the emotion and make things pop up or try something different to make the student happy and stop being upset.

Anatomy is about people, the body, and how muscles and everything works to move and show emotion. In paragrapgh five it stats "His new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electric code." That shows that Dr. Huangs technology knows exactly how people show emotion and move and everything. The technology would be spot on and be able to tell that the student is drifting away from the lesson and getting distracted, then the technology can make it more interesting. Then the student would start to work again and be able to work while having fun and being happy at the same time.

Dr. Huangs technology system known as Facial Action Coding System (FACS) would be a great thinig to have at schools everywhere. The technology would be ableto know when the student was getting confused and bored and modify the lesson or activity to make it easier and more fun for the student. It would make students grades go up as the technology makes the lesson easier for the student to understand and do. The technologhy knows exactly when to change the lesson up and when to try to make the sudent smile and happy again. The new technology FACS by Dr. Huang would be a great addition to computers and technology at school.