Receiving advice from others is like having someone else pick out your clothes; a weight is being lifted off you shoulders. When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, for they will receive advice from others with more experience, it will help them grow as a individual, and it will be an eye opener to their situation.

To begin with, asking others for advice can benefit one in many ways. The person who they may be asking may be more experienced in the subject and help them out with their situation. For example, Generic_Name just began attending a new school. He has tried his best to make friends but he has failed. Generic_Name, very discouraged, decided to ask his mom for some pointers on how to make friends. When he got home from school he went right into the kitchen to ask his mom for some help. His mom simply said, "Be yourself, they will come around, trust me." Generic_Name was frustrated because he was being his self but they just looked at him like he was an alien. He knew it was time to turn to his older sister, Generic_Name. Later that evening when Generic_Name came home from basketball practice he knew it time to ask her what to do. After she had gotten settled he went into her room knowing she was his only hope. Generic_Name told him that, "You are the new kid, fresh meat. Give them a break and do not try as hard to want their attention. The best way to gain someones attention is to not want it." After doing exactly what his sister said to do, two of the boys from his gym class came and sat beside him at lunch. Generic_Name could have just went with his moms advice, but after talking to his sister he has now made two new friends.

Also, asking the advice of others helps one to grow. When someone asks for help they tend to remember how to deal with those specific situations later on in life. For instance, Generic_Name is struggling in her math class. Every time the class has a test she always finishes first, that is why she does not understand why her grades are not good in Ms. Generic_Name's math class. She told Generic_Name, "I do not get it, I always finish my work first! I do not understand why I continue to get bad grades in here." Ms. Generic_Name told her that, "Not everything is a race Generic_Name. The test are not timed so there is no need to rush." Generic_Name was very confused, she did not understand she thought if she finished fast that meant because she was so smart and did not need the extra time. When Generic_Name came to class the next day she asked her friends how they get such good grades on the test and they all said in a cautious tone, "Read the questions carefully! Ms. Generic_Name is always trying to trick us." When Ms. Generic_Name entered the classroom she announced to the class that they had a pop quiz. Generic_Name still thinking of what her teacher and friends told her took her time on the pop quiz and earned an ninety five percent. Generic_Name was so proud. From now on Generic_Name knew that in order to make good grades she would have to just slow down a bit and take her time. Like Ms. Generic_Name said, "Slow and steady wins the race, or in this case receives a good grade."

In addition, taking the advice from others can help one to see the situation from a different point of view. Sometimes a person looking from the outside in on the situation may just help find a solution to it. Specifically, Generic_Name and Generic_Name have been best friends for forever and they do everything together. Every summer Generic_Name and Generic_Name go to basketball camp together but not this year. Generic_Name just got excepted into the Generic_City Summer Science Camp she has been trying to get into since the first grade. Generic_Name was so excited she had to call up her best friend Generic_Name and tell her the great news except Generic_Name did not think it was so great. When summer came around for the first time they had to go their separate ways to different camps. Generic_Name was really mad but she still missed her best friend the whole summer. Generic_Name, on the other hand was loving science camp she wrote to Generic_Name everyday trying to see how she was doing and telling how the great time she was having. Generic_Name decided that she was not going to write Generic_Name back in return of her just up and leaving her for science camp. When the girls returned back to school Generic_Name ignored Generic_Name which left her sad and confused. Generic_Name had no idea why she was acting that way she decided to ask their other friends if any of them knew why Generic_Name was acting that way but no one knew. When Generic_Name got home for her first day back to school she was greeted by her mom who was now confused as to why she looked so upset. She shared with her mom what was going on and her mom knew exactly what was wrong with Generic_Name. "Generic_Name," Generic_Name's mom said, "She may be hurt because you left her you two do everything together." Generic_Name now realizing what she had done ran up the steps and immediately called Generic_Name and apologized. Generic_Name was happy that her mom talked to her or she might have lost her best friend. That just goes to show that sometime having another person view the situation can help come up with a better solution.

However, some people feel that taking the advice from others is useless. They feel that solving their own problems helps them become a stronger individual. Other may not like everyone being in their business because they may be a more private individual. Getting advice from other may not be the best thing because some people feel they know what is right and may think they know how to fix the situation but they do not. On the contrary, I feel that asking others for advice is a great idea.

In conclusion, these are all reasons why everyone should ask more than one person for advice. The way it builds one character. Prepares them for the real world. It is always a good idea to get an outsiders opinion. Like my mom always says, "It never hurts to ask for help."                