I think it is a good idea to have students participate in extracurricular activity's. It would be a great chance for them to learn new stuff or they might have had it for a hobby so that is why they would like to pick it. If they like to try new things then that's a good reason to let them pick it randomly. Not all of them will go to the one they wanted, so when they go to a different one they might like it more than the one they wanted to go to first. I agree that students should go to a extracurricular activity because it could tech them about responsibility, they could teach their other sibling(s), could help them get a career.

When you go to Art class it is fun but your responsibly is to cleaning your area, brushes, pallet,

and your hands after you are done panting. If you want to go to Ag. you get to learn ancient buildings, animals, and plants, your responsibility is to get there on time and do all the work the teacher hands you. When you go to Family and Consumer Science you cook, clean, and learn how to sew, you have a few responsibilities they are keeping your work space clean and making sure that everything is where it is suppose to be. In Technology class you can make your own book marks and make funny memes, your responsibility is to stay be on the sit(s) you are suppose to be on and to follow instructions.

secondly If you don't really like your extracurricular class that much and your younger sibling does then you could show your younger sibling how and what to do. Say that you and your sibling whether they are younger or older then you, tell them what you are doing in class and then you could both do it together and have fun. If you are an only child you can tell your friends what you have been doing in your class and they might tell you what they've been doing in their class, you can teach each other what you've been doing in class. If your parents and siblings like the extracurricular class that you are in then you could tell your family all about it and show them what you have been learning too.

They could use the skills they learned from their favorite extracurricular class and use it to get a job. You can take Art if you want to become an artist or a photographer. You go to Technology class to learn about computers that could be your job in the future. You can take Music if you want to become a musician or a violinist in an orchestra. When you go to architecture (Ag.) you could build houses and towers or you could do landscaping and fix peoples gardens when you're old enough to do it.