Using cars today is polluting the air we breath in everyday, worse and wrose. Having a world free of cars would not only help with air pollution, but with everyone's saftey as well. In German Suburds 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move in the German Suburb. They would sell thier car(s), and live without a car, and live a less stressful life. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" said Heidrun Walter, a mother of two. I'm sure Heidrun wasn't the only one who felt like that.

Having no car wouldd take more stress of your life then you think. You wouldn't have to pay a car payment every month. You wouldn't have to worry about hvaing to pay for gas to get around. Lastly you wouldn't have to worry about getting into a car accident every time you got behind the wheel of a car.

"All of our development since World war ll has been centered on the car, and that will have to change" said David Goldberg. Goldberg is right. We put most of our attention and development into cars, and focus more on them than we really should. We don't really realize what damage cars are causing us yet, and probably won't realize for a long time from now.

Aftrer days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. On Monday motorist with even numbered license plates were orded to leave thier cars at home or suffer a $31 fine. The same would apply to odd number plates the following day. They should not only be doing this in Paris but everywhere to reduce the air pollution. The fine should be higher also to those who don't follow the rules. Unless you havea real emergency to use your car the day you are not suppose to then don't use it.

Not using cars would be a huge problem solver to most of us. It will help with air pollution. It will help with finacial problems by not having to worry about car payments or money for gas. Lastly it will help wiith the stress in people's lives and lower it.             