I disagree with the topic about driverless cars.

It will be too much money. There is a possibility of it malfunctioning. The drivers still have to be cautious. Plus some of the states doesnt want this to even be in there state. Driverless cars are dumb and doesn't any make sense. If this does happen to our country, there could be some danger to it.

The topic about driverless cars will probably be too much money. Look at electric cars, They're a lot of money but doesnt use gas. The driverless car you will still have to get gas. It might take a certain gas which could be expensive. If a certain part quits working on the car, It could be really expensive and you're going to be losing a lot money that way. This is why the United States should just stick with the same old cars that are cheaper than driverless cars.

Another reason why there shouldn't be driverless cars is it could malfunction. They've been working on this since 2009 and it can barely drive by itself up to the speed of 25 MPH. Imagine just driving down the road and the car just stops. It could be a bad situation. You could also be just sitting there and it starts going really fast and you can't control it. This driverless car could be really dangerous if it had a malfunction.

When having a driverless car, the human being thats in the car has to be cautious when driving. The driverless car needs help in traffic situations, parking your car, and driving through a constrution zone and even around accidents. Whats the point of having a driverless car if you have to do all the hard parts. Why dont we just have assistance with stopping when a car or and item is behind the car, or even when were not paying attention when there is something in front of us. Honestly we just need to keep the maual cars and have some assistance attached because then we wont have as much problems and we will be a lot safer. Thats why we shouldn't get driverless cars because we still have to be cautious.

Having a driverless car is dumb and pointless. As I stated, The car could be very expensive leaving our country in debt. Also if it malfunctions, It wont just be our safety that is in danger, we will also lose money trying to fix the car. If we have to be cautious by watching the road, whats the point of even having a driverless car. This talk about driverless cars should stop. They put the driver in danger and they put pedestrians in danger also. Driverless cars should never happenen and i hope they don't.       