Do you feel like students should be in extracurricular activities?

Extracurricular activities is a good thing to do in my opinion because students can take time out of there day to do something that they can be involved with.

What I think about extracurricular activities is that, it is a safe learning environment because students can learn how to do things they haven't learned how to do yet.

I like to do extracurricular activities because I like to make new friends and learn how to do things better.

I agree that your principal should let all students participate in extracurricular activities because students can meet new friends, students can feel more involved, and students can learn and improve from all of these activities.

My first reason why students should be involved in extracurricular activities is because students can meet new friends.

Students can meet new friends by doing something they like with other people that like that activity too.

Sometimes it can be difficult to make new friends when others might just not like to be with you but, that's why there is more people in that same group with you.

I can easily make friends with someone because I like to feel more involved with everyone else and I hope you do to.

Making friends during these extracurricular activities can improve your own social skills in how to talk to people and how people talk to you.

My second reason why students should be in extracurricular activities is because students should feel more involved with what they are doing.

Students can feel more involved by feeling confident in what they choose to do.

It takes a lot of effort into being so confident in what you do because you can easily second guess your thought or you can be wrong but you just don't realize it.

Being involved can be difficult because some people disagree with what you do and they just won't let you in because they don't enjoy you but, that's why you have friends to support you in what you believe in.

I believe that being involved in extracurricular activities is easier because other people can like your decision, or they can disagree with you and that's why you got to support your own statement.

My third and final reason why students should be in extracurricular activities is because you can learn and improve how to do these activities.

Learning and improving from these activities can help you in the future because your job or anything like that can involve one of those activities that you learned a while back.

Students can learn and improve from extracurricular activities by being interested in them and by doing that activity that they really enjoy.

I would like to do different activities because I would want to learn something I didn't know how to do and you can do that to.

I would like for you to do other activities because you can learn a lot of different things you didn't know about that extracurricular activity.

Students can really change from extracurricular activities because they can learn something new and improve from that activity.

In conclusion,

I think that your principal should let all students participate in one extracurricular activity because students can make new friends, students can feel more involved, and students can learn and improve from all these activities. Students making new friends is a really important thing because it helps with there self-esteem and how they live there own life.

Being more Involved is also important because it is good to put your own personal opinion out there for them to hear.

Students can learn and improve from extracurricular activities by enjoying what they do and doing it at there best effort.

That is why I think that your principal should let all students participate in at least one extracurricular activity.