Driverless cars are the next big thing to come into our world. Driverless cars would be such a help to everyone around the world. With all the traffic out there you get tired of stoping and going, then hitting the gas then the brake. Well now you dont have to do any of that with driverless cars. They'll do it on their own, all you have to do is steer at times. So, with having driverless cars they will do less harm to the enviroment, safer for your freinds and family, and it's easier on you.

First, the driverless cars are less harm to the enviromen. Just think of all the taxis out there in the big cities wasting all the gas that we put into them. It harms the enviroment way too much. With these special driving cars it's a proved fact that they use half of the fuel today's taxis use. That means it's not polluting the land as much and the oxygen will be cleaner and fresher as well. With all of the pollution going on our ozone layer is decreasing rapidly and ith the makings of these cars it wont harm the ozone layer as much now, and as a matter of fact it will help it.

Moving on, the driverless cars are all in all safer than modern day cars we drive everyday to world and back. At night when you cant see very well and your in the back country it can see up ahead way farther than you ever can. Here's a situation for you, say your driving along in a regular and a deer runs out of the field and SMACK! Now your calling a tow truck in the middle of night and your kids are scared. Now if you had the safe driverless car it could of hit the brakes because it saw the deer run out of the field, and now your driving home safe and your kids are safe. Don't worry about steering, the special car is made to do it. You can just sit back and relax and enjoy the ride to wherever you are going.

Lastly, you always want things to be easier on you right? Well now we have a solution for you. Instead of hitting the gas then the brake in the big cities, have the car do that for you. So you don't get fustrated of hitting the brake and gas you can just chill. This specialy made car can ultimately bring you a stress free life.

Now you can see that having a driverless car can bring you a better life. With all of the values it has you will never regret gettting one. If you're at the car lot and have to decide wether driverless and have to drive. I can count on you'll make the right choice. So, making it less harmful to the enviroment, making it safer for your travels, and finaly making it easier on yourself, driverless cars are the way to go. 