Dear Principal,

I am one of the athlete's of SCHOOL_NAME and I make wonderful grades. I understand that you would like for me and the rest of your future scholar to succeed. But, not every child in our school can succeed in that way. I have seen some of my fellow students report cards and C' s are very likely to see. But, there are also some students who could receive A' s and B' s in all of there classes. I think that you should only except A' s, B' s, and C' s.

Many students like myself, makes at least one C one their report card. The reason some of the scholars here at SCHOOL_NAME strive to make C' s on their report cards is so that they can participate in sports. Or maybe it's their way to escape from a broken home. ports could even help a child who always felt as if they couldn't do anything, actually come and at least try to do their work and try to learn. So as you see raising your standards could also affect others outside of school.

In today's society with all the gangs and violence we need to have more sports and active thing for us youth. I believe strongly that if are at least trying and staying out of trouble you should give us a lead way. The reason I feel so strongly about this is because, I used to be one of these student's who got in trouble. Until I put my "bad habits" into sports now I'm making better grades and I'm setting higher standards. So please just give us a chance to soar to excellence.

I understand that you expect your students to show good character and progress. I totally agree but on the same terms you want us scholars to have marvelous academic rates. But it's unremarkable, how well this school has changed we have all tried to succeed and put our greatest foot in front of us. So can you see how we have change our annotating skills and reading levels have sky rocketed and behavior has been better. I have learned so much my eighth grade year I'm almost to prepared for high school. So give us a chance.

Before I close out I would like to say again sports and school can save someone's life. But, taking them away could hurt someone. I can state as a fact that with the power of trusting and giving your students with a chance we can make SCHOOL_NAME a even better place to be at. I am not asking for student who as D' s and F' s on their report cards for a chance but student who try's. With this I say thank you for your time. We can make this a even better place if we try.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME February 1, 2011

SCHOOL_NAME, ADDRESS_NAME