Benefits of Student-designed Projects

Summer projects are to keep students learning during summer break but most kids don't find the projects entertaining. Student-designed projects can improve their creativity and make them want to complete the project. Also, teachers will be more excited and looking forward to seeing the outcome of students work. Schools should really think about making more projects student-designed. Summer projects should be student-designed because more students will want to participate, increase creativity, and boost their self-esteem.

In schools, participation from students is very important and student-designed summer projects are a great way to increase excitement and participation. If students could come up with their own projects and enjoy the work that they are doing, plenty of other students will want to do the project. In addition, students will see their peers coming up with their own kind of project and will want to join in by making a project themselves. For example, a student can see one of their friends making a project and can tell that the friend is having fun while doing it. This will encourage the student to join in on the student-designed project and make them want to do the project more. This proves that summer projects should be student-designed.

Secondly, student-designed projects can increase creativity throughout students. Projects already help with creativity but having a student design a project can really increase it. For example, my art teacher had the class come up with different ideas for our next piece of art work. There were so many creative thoughts going around that my teacher had us make our own unique thing. As I worked on the project, I could really see my creative side show and everybody else's too. Having students design their own projects for the summer is really good for the next school year. For instance, students developing and finding out how creative that can be will improve grades and talent. This proves that summer projects should be student-designed.

Self-esteem is an important factor in the real world, having students design a project can help them improve their confidence. A student knowing that they completed a project, they've made, will make them proud of themselves. In addition, using the project in other classes, and getting recognized for designing a good project will drastically increase their self-esteem. Students-design summer projects will increasingly let students know that they can do any thing they put their minds too. Self-confidence will provide students with better outcomes, motivation and even they will feel more confident in the work they are putting out. In this paragraph, I proved that summer projects should be student-designed.

Some opponents believe that teacher-designed projects should be used for summer projects. Also, they may feel as if it will be easy on students and a better way of learning. However, giving students a easy way isn't always the best thing to do. Having students design a project has better outcomes in the long run. For example, having a teacher design a project and give it to students may not help students become more creative or participate or even gain self-esteem from it. So, a teacher-design project for the summer, in my eyes, is not the best thing to have students grow and improve in certain positions.

In conclusion, keeping students active and learning during the summer by having student-design projects has plenty of benefits. In addition, this can have a better impact on students as well as be more exciting and entertaining to students. Three benefits for student-design summer projects are it will make students want to participate, increase creativity, and boost their self-esteem. This proves that summer projects should be student-designed.  