Schools offer distance learning for students to attend class online or video conferencing, do you think students would be able to benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Yes, I do believe students taking classes at home would be beneficially factoring to students as online classes offered present time is working very well. As well as for parents which can be a cheaper than private school, educational reasons, easier to access,and lots of other reasons.

For example, the online classes and the video conferencing will also mean teachers can work at home if their sick and when the students are sick or out of the country, they can still do their online classes. Students don't have to miss class anymore and not learn because they can still be home and still do all the work as if they were at school. Some students have different speeds of their learning abilities. In online classes they can choose slower or faster pace in learning with online classes they can move until they learn it. The passing rate of students doing online classes is higher than students doing classes at school. Most students have a harder time learning in class due to the pace of learning and understanding. In a video conferencing student will be able to ask more questions, if it was in a smaller work group unlike in school there's one teacher trying to help 28 students in a class and not all their questions would be explained to the students.

Some students don't like going to school, if they go to a school that isn't so good it may be dangerous for students. People argue that going to school will cause distractions and different behaviors. Like relationships can get in the way of learning making students skip classes, getting off track of school and affect their abilities to learn. As well as bad influences they can meet at school will make them have different behaviors and change as people. Students could get into gangs and doing things they aren't supposed to. Bullies can affect the students life to not be able to learn in learning environment, constantly getting picked on, making life worst for them, getting physically and mentally hurt, and hurting their self-esteem. Most parents who choose to have their children learning at home is usually because of the school they have in their children going to is likely not the best. Parents cannot move houses to go to a different school or private school as that may be more financially hard for them but a better alternate and cheaper way is having school online.

Some people may argue that online school or video conferencing will not work because students won't actually pay attention and the distraction at home will be worst than at school. But with the video conferencing the teacher can redirect the student or by using a grading system if they do all their work on time. The students can be graded by doing the work on time as students can be distracted and still understand what their learning. Some people may also argue that the students are going to cheat as there will be no teacher with them checking but that will be stopped because students will need to learn the subject because they will take a test and if they don't pass the test, they will not receive the credits of that class. It will be up for the student and the parents for the success of the students passing because he will have the material to be able to learn and it's up to him/her to make sure the student is doing all the work and learning. Students if they don't understand they can talk to a teacher about setting up a time for a video conferencing that will be their "after school" as they can do one on one talking with teachers.

Be able to attend classes from home will be a great advancement in the learning environment and will be expanded if introduced more. It will ensure safety of students and parents won't worry of whereabouts and what their children are doing. Students will have a easier way of accessing their education and won't need to worry about transportation. Students won't have excuses to miss class because they will be able to do their classes online, anywhere they want. Students will have the insurance of being able to pass as there is a higher passing rate online than in school inside a classroom. This can prove that having class at home is better and can benefit greatly if used correctly.