Millions of people ask for advice for many different things such as relationship and school. Most of the times, they ask for more than one opinion on what they're asking for. Talking to only one person can help others make decisions; however, asking more than one gives more options and is not as optimal.

Seeking for more than one opinion might seem like a drag but overall, it is the best option in certain situations to make choices. Finding more answers to a question that is being asked allows other people's viewpoints to be revealed and thought thoroughly before making the big decision. In most experiences, when people ask for relationship advice, they ask multiple people before making the correct choice; having said that, they get more opinions to be thought about. Asking more than one person lets others know what to do and not to do in the future. It allows them to learn from other's past mistakes and successions. When asking for job advice, people usually give advice on what and not to do based on their past to prepare for the upcoming future. Doing just a little more and seeking further information means taking more time out of the day, but in the end it is worth it.

Looking for only one opinion takes less time out of the day, but it is the lazier option in decision making. Asking only one person for advice means less time and thought involved in choice making. Doing this puts people at risk in taking the wrong choice and being put into a state of regret. Just one opinion does not let civilians know what to do in the future and grow as a person, they will take the hard way out in life. For example, in job interviews, just asking one person for advice means the person is put at risk in failing and is going to learn things in a more difficult fashion and is going to learn what to do based on their own experiences. Taking one piece of advice is the most minimal thing that can be done when asking for advice. Overall, it is just lazy and not worth doing.

Learning from those mistakes others have made lets human beings come together and develop as a person for the future and on. Obtaining a piece of advice from one person is useful but when given more pieces of advice, it is more optimal than when given only a small bit. When tables have turned, those who ask to give advice would be able to grow just as much or maybe even more when others are giving the most advice possible from past situations and asking more than just one person.