In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the author claims that studying Venus is worth the possible risks and dangers, because as science evolves technology and experiments should evolve too. Venus, also called Earths's "twin", could be a planet that was actually visited by humans and make the innovation of technology even greater.

The author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite dangers, because Venus could have been at one point our most Earth-like planet and may eventually become a planet that is able to sustain life. Venus had at one point contained similar characteristics like that of Earth, and could possibly be an opportunity for sending a human to another planet which could advance technology enough to sustain life there. The author states, "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth...Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit". The fact that Venus could have possibly sustained life in the past means that there is a slight window of opportunity for it to sustain humans and be "our nearest option for a planetary visit" again.

Although Venus has harsh condtitions such as a surface of 800 degrees Fahrenheit, an atmospheric pressure that is 90 times greater than Earth, erupting volcanoes, extreme earthquakes and a large amount of lightning strikes, it would still be beneficial to experiment and gain insight on the planet itself and to help innovate technology. The author believes that there will be a benefit to studying Venus because of the positive future it presents for science, "Strivng to meet the challenges presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors". Experimenting on Venus can lead to experiments on bigger things like other planets, more complex questions about life or "intimidating endeavors".

In conclusion, If humans can get to the point where they can land safely onto Venus and make it to where life can be sustained, it would open a door to new projects and a better understanding of our solar system while at the same time presenting courage to start new ideas and go through with them.    