The use of the Facial Action Coding System sounds like an excellent idea. It would allow schools to make classes more enjoyable for students. Teachers would know if the students are understanding the lessons. Teachers could know if students are stressing and help them calm down. The software would help provide better data for researchers. The program would benefit both students and teachers. It would also make getting data for research easier.

With the use of the new software, schools can provide a better learning environment. The program can tell people how the students respond to lessons and how they are taught. Teachers can take this information and use it to better their classrooms. They can make their lessons more interactive and fun. The software would allow for more labs to be performed in science classes. It might inspire students to go into science fields if they enjoy the F.A.C.S.

The technology could help teachers recognize struggling students. Many students will not say that they need help, even if they do. Teachers may be able to help brighten a student's day, so they do not spend the rest being sad. This could help prevent school "accidents" and keep the school's environment "happier." The F.A.C.S could help teachers know when the students need a minute's break to help them refocus.

The software could help researchers collect better data faster. Researchers would not need to go to schools to collect information. They could just take it from the program directly. This could help them improve the technology and make it more efficient. The information would help in other studies regarding schools or students. It could also alert people to dangers in the classrooms by detecting whenever students are scared.

The F.A.C.S would make the classrooms of schools better. They could make students safer. The schools could receive better feedback on what works and what does not. Researchers would get better information for studies. The systems would benefit more than just one. 