I do not agree. I think that students shouldnt have to do any extracurricular activities if they dont want to. It should be a students/kids free choice to do what they want when it comes to extracurricular activities/hobbies. Adults shouldnt control that. These days students are very wide spanned.

A lot of kids have different interests on what they like to do. A lot of interests/hobbies arent an option in school and they shouldn't have to be forced to do one. Most kids dont have much freetime and by the schools doing this it takes away that time for a student/kid to do what they like. Yes, it's different if someone likes one of the activities provided but thats usually not the case and kids these days tend to have a lot of interests.

A student may not enjoy any of these extracurricular activities. They should have the choice to do what they like and not be forced by the school and/or parent to do one. A lot of the time when a kid is forced into what activities to do he/she doesn't have fun. Sometimes that can lead to that person being sad all the time and that can even lead to a depressed child/student.

Some kids don't want to do any extracurricular activities at all. Some students sometimes dont have any interests and all they wanna do is sit around and eat or something like that. At a young age a lot of students haven't even found an interest or something they like to do and it can be hard for them to have fun or enjoy doing something like that. Every student is different and some are just very lazy and either don't see the need to do anything or just dont feel like it.

As you can see and probably observe in your life to is that the generation these days are very difficult. Some people even know things they like to do or know what there good at age 18 or even older. Therefore the schools shouldn't be allowed to force people to do even just 1 because it may seem like something easy or something that should be mandatory but its only fair not to. These days students are very wide spanned.                 