Technology rapidly advancing and has many benefits. These benefits can be seen anywhere but especially in classrooms, as schools are always looking to innovate in new ways to make their students smarter, more comfortable, and learn more overall in class. One of these technologies is the Facial Action Coding System or F.A.C.S which allows computers to identify human emotions, this technology would be very valuable to students and their learning experience.

There is lots of value in adding this to the learning experience. For example a computer could adjust the lesson by seeing the look on your face. It can do this since the F.A.C.S. system can quantify the muscles behind human emotion giving an accurate representation of what the person is feeling. If a student is happy with the lesson the system could be used to shorten this lesson since the student likely already knows it and if the student is confused or disgusted by the lesson the program can continue it till they are satisfied with their skills in it and have learned what is neccessary.

There are some cons to the F.A.C.S system right now though. First, the F.A.C.S system is expensive and requires a super powerful computer to use. Second, A student may be satisfied even when not knowing a lesson. Third. the F.A.C.S system could be incorrect in some aspects as it does not have as wide a range of emotions as we feel.

However even though it is flawed these flaws can be fixed. It is likely in the future that the cost of the F.A.C.S system go down as things like telephones and computers have done. It is also very likely that the accuracy of the F.A.C.S system goes up as time goes on things like the cellphone and television we're very primitive concepts at the beggining of their life but have advanced and flourished since then. So the flaws of the F.A.C.S system in schools are minor compared to the benefits.

The Facial Action Coding System is truly changing the game when it comes to technology. Soon, it could change the education field as well. This could cause a revolution in education make it easier for students to learn and easier for them to excel if done right, which hopefully it will be.