Do you think you will make a better choice when seeking opinions from other people? I believe so. I think that asking multiple people will help you make a better choice because you can get more opinions, receive feedback, and come up with a better idea.

By asking more people, you get more opinions. If you are stuck on a decision and don't know what to do, ask people to help you make the decision. With more opinions you can look at all the different views of the decision and decide what is best. Sometimes people make decisions on just their opinion, but other times it is in your best interest to ask other people because they could have a better opinion or judgment on the topic or issue. One time I was doing my homework and I did not understand how to do it. I asked my parents for some advice on how to do my homework and with their advice, I was able to understand the homework.

Receiving feedback is important when it comes to advice and opinions. When asking lots of people for feedback, they can give you some suggestions and tips about what to improve on for whatever you are doing. It helps you build on what you already have and make it better. Once I was doing a really important project for a class and went in during resource to ask the teacher for feedback about what I could improve on in the project. I got some feedback on what to improve and did it. I got a better grade on the project after I changed it then what I would of gotten before. Feedback on something can also help for future opportunities. Those are the reasons why I think receiving feedback is important and helpful.

When doing something, having the best idea is always good, but you can't always come up with that on your own. If you have multiple people trying to come up with a solution, you can combine their ideas to come up with the best idea/opinion. There is also more creativity and brainpower put together when you have lots of people working to try and come up with the best idea. In school, one of the reasons why teachers do group projects is to try and get multiple people working together to come up with a really good idea or solution. Multiple people working together is how you get the best idea or solution for whatever it is you are doing.

I believe that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. I think that because you can gather more opinions, receive feedback, and come up with a better idea. You should ask other people for help before you make a decision on your own.