Distance learning, online classrooms, e-learning, whatever you want to call it, is a type of education that has been becoming popular as of late. A classroom where it is only you and the teacher, online. This type of learning is becoming popular for a reason, and thats because it is vastly better then the traditional classroom experience for a multitude of reasons. As distance learning allows the student with a larger selections of classes, no social distractions in the classroom, and a learning environment where you can work at your own pace, not being compared and worried about the students around you.

The first reason why distance learning is superior to physical classrooms is the fact that distance learning has a much broader selection of classes. Unlike physical schools, online classes are not bound by courses that are taught. You can learn whatever interests you online, and actually develop knowledge in a field that, you might not have been to take in a physical school. Furthermore by being able to learn whatever subject interests them, students have a better path to college and a career, instead of being forced to learn about things that might prove useless to them in the future.

Another reason why distance learning is beneficial to the student, is because the student is not being pulled in by social interactions. What are the two biggest problems in a classroom? Use of technology, and talking to other classmates. In an online classroom your on technology so thats fixed, and there is no one there to distract you from your learning. This improves the learning environment drastically, and allows kids to learn without distractions, and focus on their work.

The Final reason why distance learning is good for the student is the aspect of school many kids stress about, grades. As long as I can remember students always showed their scores to one another, and compared report cards, and if somebody did bad on something, there was always torment dished out to that particular kid. With online classes this problem has been solved, students can work at their own pace, and not worry about how other kids are doing. Online classes have been proven to give students a better, and a safer place to learn without the pressures of others around them.

In conclusion, distance learning is very beneficial to the students, and has the potential to be the new norm for public education. This type of learning brings new classes, and courses to those who might not have had those available to them because of the area they live in, providing students with a better path to a career. Distance learning also giving those same students to learn without peer distractions, making a more productive learning environment. Not only that but, students can work at their own pace, and dont have to worry about what other kids think, or how good they are doing. This is the future, this is the goal of a perfect learning environment.