Schools are starting to become the only place where students interact. Today everything is revolved around technology. Technology's convenience might ruin the ability for students to learn. Although some may believe otherwise improving social skills, hands on learning, and the ability to cheat proves that students would not benefit from taking distance learning classes at home.

Having the ability to socialize is a very important skill, and it all starts at school. Everyone develops socials skills when they start school. In school there is always someone new to interact with, even if it is just greeting them. With schools implementing classes online, students are losing the chance to interact with others. Some may disagree by saying after the class is completed they can just go outside and do an extracurricular activity. This will not help them improve their social skills because to improve in anything there must be consistency. There is no other consistent place to go for a student than school.

Completing an online course is just as bad as watching television. Both involve staring a screen which virtually accomplishes nothing. In school there are activities that allow students to learn and to do something that isn't just sitting at a desk while listening to a teacher. When a student is completing an online course, most of the material is going in and out their brain. On the contrary students that are actually spending time to learn the course material will actually remember the material. These students are not getting the full extent of how much they can learn. In school teachers can go over any questions and teachers can also go more in depth since they have a whole school year to go over the material. Meanwhile most online courses take about two to three months to complete.

Cheating on an online course is very common. Since the online course is attended at home it is very tempting for a student to cheat. There are many resources that covers specific classes online. Most students cheat on these online courses to finish the class early or just get a free class credit without doing all the work. Some students say they only look up answers to the questions they don't know. If these students were at school they could ask the teacher for extra help on the subject. Though most online courses have a final test that covers everything the student learned they can still cheat on that but, they wouldn't need to cheat if they learned it at school since they know the material.

Despite the convenience of taking an online class at home, students will not benefit from it. The online classes will take away a students social skills, ability to learn and proper work ethics. Schools that offer distance learning can most likely ruin the future generation by allowing students to stay at home to learn. Therefore schools shouldn't allow these classes so, students can grow up with the proper knowledge to succeed in life.