The amount pressure that is put on students has dramatically increased recently. Some students have jobs or play sports, and some even do both. Trying to make time for their extra curricular activities, family, friends and school has become a difficult task. Online classes are now offered, and are more ideal for some students considering their daily life. Students should be able to attend class from home because it can reduce stress from social anxiety, allow them to work at their own pace, and can limit certain distractions.

Mental health is a major focus in today's society, and anxiety is a very common disorder. My sister has very bad social anxiety and often has panic attacks about going to school. These episodes can cause her brain to only focus on her anxiety and cause her to not be aware of what is going on around her, thus distracting her form actually learning and focusing on school. By attending school online, from the comfort of our home, my sister is able to focus on her school work and not worry about the social aspect of school.

Another reason why attending school from home can be beneficial is because students can work at their own pace. Sometimes a ninety minute block is not enough time for someone to understand a concept. If they are doing class online, they can spend some extra time in that area and better understand what is being taught. This would be especially useful for students with activities other than school. If they understand a concept really well, they should not have to sit in school and relearn it when other students do not understand, while they could be doing something more productive. The extra time could be spent working or doing a little extra training for a sport they love.

Lastly, online school could be beneficial because it can limit distractions. While in school, kids may start talking to their peers instead of doing the work or paying attention, and this can lead to a decrease in their test scores. If a student was at home, they could sit in a quiet room and put all of their attention towards their school work. Other distractions may also be limited, such as drama going on at school, which can cause kids to get into fights or only think about the incident that just occurred. Again, if the student was in a quiet room working on school, these unnecessary distractions could be avoided.

Although many people believe school is a place for a child to grow and learn about the real world, the point that the school system pushes is for the child to pass the class and excel just with the curriculum given to them. There are other events that can teach a child about the real world, such as getting a job or doing an activity they are passionate about. With extra time from limiting distractions that would happen at school, a child would have more time to do those things. In the end, online school would be beneficial for students in many ways such as improving their mental health and creating an environment where a student can be more productive rather than if they were at school. 