In the passage, "Driverless Cars Are Coming", they talk about the existence of cars that drive on their own. They also include their functions and how they work. The debate that this situation causes is whether or not should these driverless cars should continue to be developed. Driverless cars should not continue to be developed because they can be expensive to make and repair, and new laws will need to be created for safety matters.

Driverless cars can come with a high cost. Not only will it be a big price to pay to make these cars, imagine the cost of getting it repaired if it gets broken. "Google's modified....uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS reciever.." These cars include a lot of technology and different sensors, the repair of a sensor can cost someone a lot of money. Also, not only will people be needing a smart car, but the country will also need to be prepared with smart roads. The smart roads will help the electric cars by sending radio signals to it. "These smart-road systems worked.....but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical." The roads can be another cost, this time not only for the people, but for the country. Upgrading the roads just for these cars will just be too much. The driverless cars will do nothing but bring us mroe into debt.

Electric cars can be a safety issue to the community and the drivers themselves. Different states already have all their driving rules set out to keep everyone safe. With these new driverless cars new laws will be needed. "if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault?" That will be another responsibility that is in the hands of someone. We will need laws for who's to be held responsible, for what actions need to be taken when something goes wrong, and others to keep pedestrians from getting hurt as well. Although the electric cars alert drivers when to take control, you never know when it could fail to inform you and it could be too late. Some states don't even allow the testing of self driven cars.

In conclusion, driverless cars should be discontinued. Their developement and repair can be costy to people. They aren't proven to be 100% safe to either the drivers or pedestrians nearby. You never know when a sensor can be damaged and you will have to take action right away. Also, there will need to be new laws created to continue to protect the drivers and others who could get hurt. We should stick to our original vehicles.            