Do u agree "The electoral college is a process, not a place, the founding fathers established it in the constution as a compromise..." [source 1 what is the electoral college.] keeping the electoral college is much easier to maintain, it has worked for all these years why change now.

The first reason we shoud not change the way we have done it is because its easier to maintain there is a system of ways to keep it running smothly , an example of how its runnyimg smothly "...the electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast...there is no pressure pressure for off run elections when no canidate wins a majority of the votes cast...that pressure ,which whould gratly complicacate the presidential election process, is reduced by the electoral college , which invariably produces a clear winner...".[in source 3:in defences of the electoral college]

The second reason is how it has worked nicely for all of these years why change now. it says in source 1 what is electoral college that " ... the founding fathers had established it in the consitution as a compromisre between elections of the president by vote" this states that it has been around for years and still today in 2014 is still going strong why would u want to risk something that is going so well. another example comes from [source 1:what is the electoral college] "under the 23 amendment of the constitution ,the distrect of columbia is allocated 3 electors like a state for purpusoses of the electoral college." this proves it has ben around since the consitution was mad.

On the other hand the only down side is that each slate electors trusted to vote for the partys nominee that trust is barley bettrayed,but it has happened before in"... 2000 when gore had more popular votes then bush yet fewer electoral votes, but that was the first time since 1888..". [sourse 3:in defence of the electoral collage]

This all concludes that the way we have are voting system is grate, we should make some improvements on it but we shouldnt change it to election by people there are ups and downs to both but we shouldnt risk it. well ur mind should be changed by now?    