Summer projects should be student-designed, and heres why. Summer break is a students way of relaxing and getting away from all the stress of school. Without summer break, it would be a nightmare for them. Although summer is a getaway from work and school, the kids should still have somewhat of an educational recap to prepare them for their next challenging year. As student progress throughout the years, school gets harder and harder. Without summer assignments, students would struggle trying to remember where they left off. This is why it is important to give them something during summer break to make their next school year a bit easier on them.

Children aren't so fond of the idea of summer assignments, but they don't understand the benefits. If summer assignments are student-designed, it will create a fun but educational way of learning. If a child is given the opportunity to do whatever they want for a school project, then they won't just enjoy it, but it will make their project just that much better. If someone is excited and dedicated towards something, it will make all the difference.

Student-designed assignments give the kids an opportunity to showcase their interests. For example, a student might be really interested in science and want to do an experiment on plant growth throughout the summer. Another studnet might love history and want to do research on a certain subject that they are interested in. Maybe a student is fantastic at writing essays. The kids get a chance to work on something they love and still have a fun summer break. It rids students of all the stress of having to finish a difficult and boring assigment during their summer.

Families love to travel and get away from their home during the months their kids have off of school. Some families even leave the country. Teachers have no control over what their students do during break, but they do have control over what kind of summer projects to assign their students. Student-designed projects don't take away the enjoyment of summer break. The kids can travel, have fun, and still get a wonderful project done. Difficult and stressful summer assigments are unnecessary.

Summer break is a way for kids to get out of that stressful environment called school. Even though they have to be given summer assignments, doesn't mean that their summer should be taken away from them. There are ways to lets students relax and still get an education during summer. That is why teachers should give out student-designed projects during the summer. 