I agree with the principal for it making a requirement for all students to do at least one extracurricular activity. It can benefit a child's life in many ways. It is beneficial to a student's health, mentally and physically. Along the way they might meet new people, and learn how to be committed to a team or group. These may not only be useful in the present, but they may be useful in the future as well.

Doctors have done research to find what being in a physical activity, like a sport, can do to improve a person's health. They found that being physically active releases a chemical in the brain, that puts a person in a better mood. So not only will students be staying active, their mental state might be better than not doing an extracurricular activity. From experience, I know that when I'm at swim practice, it takes my mind off of everything else going on in my life. It tremendously relieves my stress, at least for the period of time that I'm at practice. If a student were to sign up for a club related to science, that would also exercise their mind or expand their knowledge, which could be useful for future jobs.

When I used to competitively dance, I met my friend Generic_Name. I've known her for many years and we are still very close friends to this day. Dancing with her made something that I already loved, even more exciting. I know fellow students would agree with me because my friend Generic_Name has a friend named Generic_Name that she knows from swim. They have been friends for years too, just like Generic_Name and me. In student council, I got put into a group with a girl named Generic_Name, and now we are best friends. So, I get to work with someone that I have a close relationship with.

When it comes to working in a group, people learn how to be reliable and committed. If a student were to join or be on a soccer team, they would not just go to practice whenever they feel like it. They would go even if they do not want to because their parents are most likely paying for it and they should not let their team down. Also, in student council, we have to always find away to contribute to a group, so if I say I am going to do something, I do it because my group is relying on me. Even when I do not feel like completing a task, I do it anyways. Not doing the necessary tasks is letting the whole group down and creating more work for others.

In conclusion, I believe the principal is doing the right thing by making it a requirement for all students to be involved in an extracurricular activity. It will make a positive change in each student's overall health. They may meet close friends in their group or team. Lastly, they will learn how to be reliable and committed to others. These benefits of doing an extracurricular activity will affect every student's life (positively) and their future friendships, jobs, and careers. 