Dear Principal,

The two policies that you have considered are to help the students at this school focus during the duration of the school day. One policy may work better for certain things, and another may work well also. In my opinion, the policy that would be most beneficial to the school system and students would be the first one, "Allow students to bring cell phones to school and use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as the phones are turned off during class time.". Having cell phones during class periods can be a huge distraction to kids, and can harm their grades as well as their future. They would not be allowed to have cell phones at all during school, and at times when they are not studying or learning, they may actually have to use their cell phones. For example, if a sudden storm of snow or rain cancels an after-school activity, and the student does not have any way of transportation to get home, then the student would have to go through a lot of trouble just to find someone who has a phone or a way of getting home.

The first policy allows students to have cell phones out during times when they are not studying or learning, and would be very useful for the kids. In the situation described earlier, the student would just be able to take out their cell phone and turn it on, then call their parent or guardian to take them home. The situation would become much easier. The student's learning habits would not be harmed either, as long as they follow the rules and do not turn their cell phone on during class. If they do happen to have their cell phone on during class, then certain punishments may be necessary for the kids to not do this again. One punishment may be to temporarily take away the cell phone or reduce their grade in that class. There are even more situations that this policy could be useful in as well. If a student has an emergency with no way of getting to a phone, then the student could just take out their mobile phone and call whoever they have to. In this situation, the mobile phone could be a huge help or even a life-saver.

I hope that you will consider the ideas I have presented during this document, and may take them into action, so that one day the school system will have a fair way of controlling the kids' cell phone habits during school hours.