Venus is often known as the more dangerous 'twin' of Earth. It is located two planets away from the Sun but is hotter than Mercury, the planet next to the sun, even with it being further away. Although Venus is similar to Earth in size and a few other things, thick sheets of carbon dioxide and sulfuric acid coat the earth, making it very difficult to research. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the author presents reasons why Venus should be researched, despite the precautions scientists would have to take.

Visiting Venus does not indicate a need to be on the planet's surface. When thinking about being on and researching a planet, individuals would think about what it would be like to be visiting "erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface" (3). A solution made by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration claims they could possibly send scientists to Venus but instead of landing, they would "float above the fray [of Venus]" (5). This would allow scientists to do some more research on the difficult planet and keeping them safer by only introducing them to "170 degrees Fahrenheit" and "air pressure [that] would be close to that of sea level on Earth" (5). NASA is already introducing ideas that are very noteworthy and realistic for more exploration on the planet Venus.

Researchers are building machines and working innovatively to allow more time in Venus for further research. Years ago, rovers and spacecrafts were sent to Venus but "no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours" (2). This information helps conclude how dangerous the planet is and how cautious scientists, researchers, and astronauts would have to be to visit or study more on. In recent years, NASA has worked more on building an electronic device completed with silicon carbide that "lasted for three weeks in such conditions" when "tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface" (7). This brings another level of excitement for the future of planet exploration because it extends the 'life expectancy' of the spacecraft. Some researchers have also been working on an old mechanical computer technology used in the 1800-1990s. They believe this may be effective on Venus because "mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces" (7) rather than more modern technology, which tends to be more fragile. The future of machines that could orbit Venus is worth pursuing for information and it may be a game-changer for all occupations wanting to learn more about the planet itself.

Although there are many valuable reasons as to why Venus is worth studying for, the author includes some evidence that indicate why Venus exploration is not succeeding as well. It is evident that the planet is clearly not accustomed for human settlement. The author reveals to the audience that "such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals" (3). This explains why a person has not visited and how deathly it would be if someone did. While the author explains how humans can explore even just above the clouds of carbon dioxide and sulfuric acid, there is also evidence that "most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. More importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance" (6). Despite these facts given, the article ends with "our travels onEarth and beyond should not be limited by dangerous and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation" (8) and this contributes to why visiting Venus is worth it, making all the reasons against visiting less effective because they are not explained as thoroughly throughout.

Even with all the evidence and reasoning behind why the earth is too dangerous to study, the author believes Venus is a worthy pursuit as it is a challenge for the future of space exploration. Scientists and researchers have all the information they need to figure out a plan so they can pursue active studying on the planet Venus. With all precautions aside, Venus is worth spending time on if they can figure out how to do it effectively without too many troubles and hassles. 