Is there ever going to be a day when you can not go outside and enjoy some fresh air- enjoying nature and the beauty it provides? What if the next day we go outside and everyone has to to wear a mask or something over their face because the air is no longer heathy to breath due to too much emmission from automobiles? Luckily, there are some was to prevent this from ever becoming a reality in every day life. At first, the thought of limiting car usage may seem unappealing especially considering the fact on how great an affect our cars have in our livers. Yet, not all those affects are good ones. Everywhere around the world, people use some kind of automobile to get from point A to point B and so on but maybe there are other solutions. In the first source, In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars, it states that limiting car useage is doable and done comfortably. The source states that in Vauban, 70 percent of families do not own cars and 57 percent sold a car to move there.

Is it actually possable to live life regularly without using a car regularly? This is one question that might be asked by a lot of people hearing about the idea of car limitation. In source 2, it tells us that Paris, after days of near-record pollution, enforced a partial driving ban to clear up the air in the global city. On one day, all mororists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home and on the following day the same applied to odd numbered plates or suffer a 22-euro ($31) fine. The source states that almost 4,000 drivers were fined and 27 people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. With that aside, Congestion was down by 60 percent in Paris. Knowing this information, it is a lot easier to realize just how dramatic of a change limitation of cars would be to most people; though, the benifits were dramatic aswell.

Of course it would seem to be way too impractical to up and abandon all cars and walk and/or bike everywhere. Alternative transportation is the key, at least in Bogota, Columbia. Source 3 states that its been the third straight year cars have been banned with only busses and taxies permitted for the Day Without Cars in the capitol city of 7 million. Violators of the ban were faces $25 fines for the goal to promote alternate transportation and reduce smog.

Considering all this information provided by the sources, car limitation would be very benificial to the earth and the problems of pollution we are all facing. Presenting alternative transprotation and a ban on cars would be a very dramatic switch of lifestyle to basically everyone but it seems, at the rate air quality and smog is becoming more and more a problem, that it would be worth the switch. If this ever does become an everyday lifestyle, it certanly will not happen in just a week. The switch would most likely gradually work its way into everyones lifes until it seems as if thats how it always has been.                            