Do you agree or disagree with the principles decision for every student to have a mandatory extracurricular activity? I agree with having a mandatory extracurricular activity because they are a way to make new friends and they give an opportunity to find something that you like to do. I play soccer which has benefited me hugely in both of these ways and I am very glad that I play.

My first reason for agreeing with the principle's decision is that extracurricular activities can be a way to make new friends and strengthen existing friendships. I play soccer and I have made many friends from my team that I would have never met if I was not on the team. These friendships are also better than most friendships because I have something big in common with these people and that is having a deep passion for playing soccer. I often go to a field near my house with my friends from my team and from school who play soccer so we can improve our shooting and our jukes to get past other players. My team and I always communicate with each other or we would have no chance to win. I play as a striker so my job is to receive a pass, get past the enemy defenders, and score.

Every player has an important role and needs to work their hardest and work together or else we won't win. Having to work together so much for the common goal of trying to win creates a bond between my team and I. Without soccer I would not have made some of my greatest friends. Because of the principles decision to have a mandatory extracurricular activity, many other people can make new friendships with the people in their activity, which I think is a great for everyone.

My second reason for agreeing with the principle's decision is that they can be an opportunity to find something you enjoy doing. I am so glad that I decided to play soccer because it has given me an immeasurable amount of joy and has helped raise my self confidence. In third grade when I got home from school I was always bored and had nothing to do, so I asked my dad to sign me up for soccer. Once I started soccer I loved it and constantly wanted to improve and be better than my peers. Once the whistle blows to signal the start of the game, I get a rush of adrenaline and energy that is indescribable. I always try my hardest in the game because when I do well I feel good about myself. I am not a very confident person, so when someone compliments me about how I am fast, or how I have a good jukes to get past other players it really makes me happy and more confident in myself. These compliments make me enjoy soccer even more and also sometimes the happiness lasts into the next school day. Without soccer I would probably have much less confidence and be a sad person because I wouldnt have something to keep me happy outside of school. Because of the principles decision students might find an activity they are passionate about and enjoy doing. I had so many great experiences playing soccer and I want everyone to be able to have similar ones in whatever activity they choose.

In conclusion, I agree with the principle's decision for every student to have a mandatory extracurricular activity because they can be a way to make new friends and strengthen other friendships, and they can help you find an activity that you really enjoy. I play soccer and I have made really good friends from my team, and I have also found out that I love soccer and I enjoy it very much. Due to every student having to do an extra curricular activity some of those people might really enjoy their activity and make friends from it like I did and that would be amazing.