To Principal TEACHER_NAME:

Cell phones have been in every household for the past couple of years.

They are completely changing not just communication, but ways of life.

I have heard that you are reconsidering the school's cell phone policy.

The policy right for our school is to not allow students to have phones in school at all because they cause a distraction, could get broken or stolen, and students can cheat easily with cell phones.

Initally, cell phones should not be allowed in school at all times because they cause a distraction.

If teens were allowed to have phones out during free periods and lunch time, almost everybody would be texting and talking on the phone.

With over one hundred people in the lunch room or just fifteen occupants in the library can become really loud.

Others around them may be trying to do work or study for an exam, but it will be difficult with the constant noise of cell phones.

Also, all this speaking and music that can be played on a phone will disturb classrooms nearby.

A teacher giving a lesson in the room next store will have a difficult time raising his or her voice to talk over the chatter close by.

To continue, it is safer to just keep phones off school grounds.

A person can drop his or her cell phone in the cafeteria and have it trampled on by many students walking around.

Phones can also get stolen by others.

Someone might take another student's phone out of jealousy, revenge, a joke, or a different reason.

The person who lost their phone could even go as far as pressing legal charges to the stealer.

Now this all seems like an ample amount of issues just to bring a phone to school, so it's better off left at home.

Next, phones can lead to students cheating.

Picture this: two students have a free period.

One is in the library studying for a big chapter test, and the other is eating lunch in the cafeteria.

The person eating just took the exam his friend is cramming for, so he helps out his buddy by texting him the answers.

The student in the library makes a pneumonic device to remember the multiple choice answers and he cheats on the test by doing so.

Even though the cell phones weren't used in the classroom, they still caused problems and took away from a teenager's education.

Also