The essay i am writing i will be talking about phones and driving and how it has become such a big problem. And how common it is now days for people to be on there phones while driving and mainly texting. Even doe we have came out with hands free law people still continuously text and talk on the phone which means they are not obeying the laws even if that hands free law is out. People still do it like if they don't care. That's a problem because there are more accidents being caused and the death rate is increasing.

In my opinion i say drivers should not be allowed to use cellphones while driving. Maybe if there using the gps but other then that they shouldn't pick up their phones while driving. If its an emergency call they should pull over somewhere. It's not right to cause accidents because someone decided to text while driving you always gotta think who your surroundings and how it will affect them. It's not right for someone else's mistake to take someones life away. So no there shouldn't be no permission to touch your phone while driving like ive seen before on previous signs "it's better to be unread than dead" .

Most death rates have gone up mostly caused by teen drivers because i see i all the time they are always talking on the phone taking pictures they just don't get how it's dangerous to do all that. And that in a minute you could crash or take someone else life away. In my point of view i think parents should have talks with these young teens on texting and driving and tell them not to do it because it's starting to get out of control and leading to bad things it has to come to a stop. The messages will always be there, there's no rush to open that message. So there has to be a couple of changes made because things aren't going the way there supposed to be and thats not good because people should obey the law just like they would to any other laws.

In all of my opinion i really don't agree with people texting it's just that they made that law to protect us from using our phones because they saw the whole death rate and accidents happening and just things going wrong. Why? Because due to the use of phones police are trying to do everything to get people to stop but it seems like there still doing it like it doesn't get to them. While driving you always have to be 100% focused in your driving always you can't be distracted because you never know what will happen next. That's why you always have to be focused to be prepared for whatever happens and be aware of what is going on while driving.

This is what my essay is about on how i agree with texting and driving if you put it in a way to think about how if this is something safe to do what would you think or say. I don't think it would sound safe to you ethier. So people have to start doing the right things and make a change for the right reason and not do the negative cause that won't get you nowhere.         