As I'm running across the field with the wind against my face. The ball moving faster than me. I spot an opponent on a right. I sped up towards the goal. I lift my leg and shoot and my ball hits the net within second. The crowd cheering my teammates gathered around me. We just won the first championship game for Generic_School. This is commonly known as extracurricular activities that are offered and put together by the schools. We should be able to participate in yearbook staff, team sports or any extracurricular activities.

One of the reasons we should have these activities for students is because they can improve social skills. For example if you were running down the court and your teammate on the other side you can communicate to them "Pass I'm open!". According to activitesforstudents. org having children and students be on a team can improve many things teamwork abilities,social skills, along with confidence. But some people argue that having these teams and a type of competitiveness which can cause kids to be rude and be unkind to the other teammates who they think is "not good enough". A true story from americanantibullysociety. org. about a young boy who was home schooled and very shy. He later came to public school where he sat alone at lunch and didnt talk to anyone. A few months later he joined the yearbook staff. He became very social and everyone wanted to be his friend. He later realized that having these connections at school is a necessity. This really puts in perspective why we should have extracurricular activities.

Another reason that we should have this rule is because it can help you become more involved with the school system. An article titled "Children need extracurricular activities!" claims that doing these activities can decrease the number of children and teens led into mental problems or social skills. A website called USAschools. com stated that in just the last year the number of kids who arent in activities at school end up being indoors and isolating themselves which could lead to no friends and could lead to larger more severe problems. Having these activities will attract more students to join new schools if they have good sport teams or any of there other interests.

Some people argue that school should only be for academics. There wrong because although schools are for learning new concepts in math,science, civics and more doesnt mean students should not have the opportunity to join a yearbook staff or a sports team. on the other hand, maybe we shouldnt have these activities because the schools already put enough money into teaching kids do we need to spend more money on this activities?

I think that we should have this rule because these activities help in so many ways not just inside of school but outside to! We should be able to participate in yearbook staff, team sports or any extracurricular activities. So to all you students out there put your xbox controller down and go shoot some baskets or kick a soccer ball.