I argue in favor of keeping the Electoral College. Why do I argue in favor of keeping the Electoral College? First, there is a certainty of outcome. Second, the Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. Third, the Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. In conclusion to my first statement, let me tell you why I believe there is a certainty of outcome.

First, there is a certainty of outcome. A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible., but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. In 2012's election, for example, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes cast for him and Romney because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state.

Second, the Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. So a solid regional favorite, such as Romney was in the South, has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states, for he gain no electoral votes by increasing his plurality in states that he knows he will win. This is a desirable reslut because a cindidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president. The residents of the other regions are likely to feel that their votes do not count, that the new president will have no regard for their interests that he really isn't their president.

Third, the Electoral College avoids the problem of elections  in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. For example, Nixon in1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College. There is pressure for run-off elections  when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast; the pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably produces a clear winner.    