In 2020, new ideas are growing and new inventions are being made. One of those inventions are creating new technologies for our daily lives. Some people make technology for transportation, buildings, machines or entertainment. One of the other main things they use technology for is for education. There are some schools that let students have the opportunity to learn from home by watching videos or conferences. Learning from home versus being at school are very different. Students would not benefit from learning from home, proving that students would not get the full experience and atmosphere like in school.

One disadvantage of learning from home, is that students will not have social interaction with their peers. In public schools, teachers would have students talk and learn how to problem solve. Even though, if a student gains the knowledge of how to problem solve by themselves, there can be a case where they need support. By having other peers around a student, not only will they know how to find a solution, they can learn how to work with others. For example, in math class, students are put into groups and trying to solve a problem. The teacher does this activity, so they learn how to use critical thinking and combine their classmates ideas. This helps students know how to speak out their opinion and contribute to a group. When working in school with other students this will help them learn how to communicate and gain different ideas or opinions. This is beneficial when it comes to presenting an idea or topic when the student gets a job or being in an incident when there is a large group of people. Compared to being at home and having to rely on the internet and technology. This proves that a student can get the full experience when they engage with someone in person, instead of a laptop or device.

Not only will the student benefit from being with their peers, they can get direct feedback. Teachers will sometimes have students work together, but most of the time work alone. There are some students that believe they can get their independence at home, however, being at school will help students get their full support and feedback. An example, could be in an English class that is working on their essays. Before the class begins their final essays, teachers would have their students check their peers work to get feedback. Students would write comments or highlight errors on their peer's paper, so they would know what they need to change. This strategy of learning would help the student get direct feedback verbally and quickly. That way the student will know in advance what edits need to be made and can ask questions to their peer reviewer on their paper. This shows that when students are present at school, they can get the help they need without having to look up information online or wait for conference calls. The students will get more efficient access from being at school rather than being at home.

Being at home can take away the educational atmosphere that the student could be in the future. There are students that can graduated from being home schooled, but they would not get the same atmosphere like students who go to public school. The main goal of school is to help a student gain the knowledge they need to be on their own. Another goal for school, is to have the student know what it will feel like, if they go to a college or a work environment. For instance, a student that graduated from a public school would already have the knowledge of the educational atmosphere when they go to the campus. That student will be comfortable with other people around him and know what to expect from their professors. They will know that they would need to speak up in class discussions, work in a team, and have confidence in their opinions. Now that the student experienced that kind of atmosphere, they will know what to do. Video conferences or learning online may be useful in some ways, there are some situations that can go wrong. The student could have technical difficulties, if the website cannot load or if on a conference call, there could be trouble with the connection and not working. This supports that when a student is at school they are more able to get there full experience and atmosphere when they are at school.

Students would not get the support from learning from home, showing that students would not get full knowledge or learning environmental like school. Today there are more students that prefer to learn from home because of new technologies or learning tools. Which can benefit in different ways, but the full benefit is from being at school. By being at school, students can be with their peers, develop communication skills and learn how to be their own person without others interfering them. Not only will school boost a student's confidence, but will help them in the future. When they are interdependent, out on their own in a house or college and a working environment, that student will feel more comfortable and have that experience. All from being at school and being in a learning atmosphere rather than being at home.