Imagine waking up everyday knowing the day would be spent working on school work. Most kids dread going to school, but look forward to going home because they feel like they can finally relax. If most kids enjoy the time they spend at home then why would they want to spend their time working on more school work? Students may not benefit from attending online classes from home because they would not be exposed to the social aspect of school, one on one relationships with teachers, and the learning experiences public school provides.

Students may not benefit from attending online classes from home because they would not be exposed to the social aspect of school. One example of the social aspects of public school includes making friends and learning how to socialize at a young age. If a student is kept away from other kids most of their life and gets sent off to a public high school or university they typically struggle more than the average teen. This is because, unlike everyone else who has developed a skill on conversing with others and making friends, most home schooled kids are generally only exposed to their families or family friends. Also, public speaking is another great social aspect of public school. From an early age students have to present projects and book talks to their teachers and classmates. This prepares them for nearly every job in the real world. These are only a few reasons why the social aspects of public schools are important.

Students may not benefit from attending online classes from home because they would not be exposed to the one-on-one relationships with teachers. When a student is put in a classroom setting they learn how to build relationships with their teachers. Students develop a natural skill throughout school that makes it easier for them to talk to adults. Because of this students feel more comfortable talking to their teacher about problems they may have concerning the class. In addition to, a student would not be able to easily ask questions and get help over a computer. Through technology a student would not be able to get more than an explanation concerning their questions; however, in a classroom setting the teacher usually sets aside time for questions and can help their students one-on-one.

Lastly, students may not benefit from attending online classes from home because they would not be exposed to the learning experiences public school provides. In public school they offer high school sports teams or group activities that expose kids to teamwork. Teamwork is an important skill because although people may not always like who they are working with it is something that everyone has to deal with and work through their entire life. Another experience public school provides for children and teens is life lessons. Some of these life lessons include not always being the best at everything or making mistakes. Many kids who have to deal with these tough life lessons learn how to pick themselves up and push through the hardships because they understand they will only make them tougher. This is just the tip of the iceberg for all the learning experiences public school provides that students will not experience during online school.

Learning experiences, social aspects, and one-on-one relationships are all valid and logical reasons that students should choose public school over online schooling. Although there may be great aspects of online school who would not want to experience public school?