Would like to be in your bed during the school day? Well some schools make that possible for kids, by letting them take their classes from their houses. Personally, I think that would be a great thing; but for somebody who has a tough time pay attention at school, I am sure that I would not be able to focus at home. I know that many kids are like me in that sense, kids shouldn't be able to go to school at home. The reasons why people shouldn't be going to school at home is because, they would get distracted very often, people would be anti-social, kids might be to comfortable, and that their is a high chance that kids would forget their work a great deal of the time.

Kids in my generation seem to have a great deal of attention problems, so I find it very likely that many kids would have a extremely hard time keeping on task while going to school at home. Many kids at my school have ADD or ADHD which affects their ability to focus, and that causes them to be disruptive and of task during the school day. So for those kids having to take classes at home would lead to them having worse grades. Also around 3 quarters of the people in my school seem to have a pet of some kind, and that would make it very hard to concentrate, especially if the pet likes to be around people at all times.

Another big reason for why kids shouldn't take classes at home is that it makes them be anti-social, because kids spend around 7 hours a day at school, which is where they get most of their social interaction. If people aren't going to school it is going to be very hard for people to make friends and be social. For example, I know somebody who goes to a very small private school that has around 60 kids in it (and around 6 in his grade), which limits their social activity their and they have a really hard time making friends where he lives.

A large reason for not taking classes at home, is that it might be a little to comfortable. People being comfortable is not a bad thing but in can be, people siting on their couch might not be a bad thing for one or two class periods, but if they are siting there 7 hours a day uninterrupted would be a very bad thing. Schools make kids walk between classes instead of teachers because of teachers need to keep all their stuff set up like in a Chem classroom, or they make kids move around to regain focus and get their blood flowing around their bodies again. Schools also get hard plastic chairs for kids to sit in so that they will stay awake, because the chairs are uncomfortable, and can be very cold.

Kids also would forget about work if they took classes online. Teachers in schools give out paper copies of homework or notes which many kids find to be very helpful with not forgetting about the homework or helpful studying, because they have the paper with them. But if people where going to class online they would have to go and print out a worksheet or take their notes online which would be hard for many people. For example, if one of the kids from my school with ADD/ADHD was to forget to print out a homework assignment or print out notes they took online, they would have a very hard time studying on the computer without going on to another website that is not for school.

Their are some positive things about taking online classes. Like people dont have to leave their house if they need to take care of somebody, like a grandparent. People also have the ability to be comfortable, which isn't a bad thing if it is in little sections and the person gets up and moves. There would also be no/minimal snow days or sick days, which many people would think would be a bad thing but your school year would end earlier.

Even with all of the positives to taking online classes, the negatives still out way them. So people shouldn't be taking online classes, for the reasons that kids would have to many distractions, would anti-social, they would be to comfortable, and they would forget work to often.