Have you ever heard about the " Challenge of exploring Venus "? Venus is the second planet in our solar system. Its often said that Venus is Earth's twin beacuse it's the closest plant to Earth. Venus has the hostest temperature of any planet. The author has given us an idea that has said "that studying venus is a worthly pursuit despite the danger it presents" the author well supported this idea by gives us infromation of the danger and study of venus .

The authors idea had talked about danger in venus. In the article it says "Venus has the hottest suface tempertature off any planet in out solar system, even though Mercury is the closer to our sun"( paragraph 3 ). This means that venus is stranger beacuse it is the hottest it not even the closest to our sun. In the article it also says

"Planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further vists to its suface?"( paragraph 4 ). This means that scientists are trying to get human being to venus but they know that its way to hot to send people uo there. The article also says " A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. Even mosre challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus's atmosphere."( paragraph 3 ). This means that there is a 97% carbon dixide layers and that the clouds are highly damange to human beings. All this information supports the authors idea of the dangers of having humans go to venus.

The author also talks about the study of venus. In the article its says " The National Aeronautics and Space Administation(NASA) has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study venus" ( paragraph 5 ). This means that NASA want to send humans to study venus . The article also says " NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus. For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbon have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of venus's surface and have lasted for 3 weeks in such conditons" ( paragraph 7 ). This means that scientists are wanting to use old electronics to send them to venus and test them out to see if the old electronics can help the scientics get fast studies. The article says " Modern computers are enormously powerful,

flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate whenit comes to extreme physical conditions." ( paragraph 7 ). This means that modern electronics have less abilitys then the old electronics and it they are more useful for venus.

Learned about exporing venus now! Venus is dangeruos for human beings. Human being might last for a couple of mins but still wont survive . But scienitistis want to have a different option for human being to not go to nvenus and use old computers . 