Chocolate or Vanilla? Red car or Blue? Roller Coaster or Ferris Wheel? Here or There? While these may seem like simple questions of preference, they may be tough choices for others, and they may want to ask for other peoples opinions. I think that seeking a second opinion is helpful for making decisions because they may have more experience than you and they might know something you don't.

One reason another opinion may be helpful is that person may have more experience than you. One example of this is that you might be thinking about getting a pet, but you're not sure if you can take care of it properly. You could talk to a friend that already has a dog to see how much work it is... and then proceed to get a fish. Another example of this is if you want to by a video game that doesn't have great reviews, but are like me and don't use that to judge how good a game is. You can ask someone if the reviews are an honest reflection of the game. Then you can not buy it because it was too expensive anyway. My final example is if you don't know if a DC movie is any good because their last couple have been... interesting. You can ask a friend who already went to the movie if it's any good. Then you can hear a 15 minuet rant about how it's "A work of art" and "How stupid of a question is that." Hmm, maybe I should rethink how useful my friends "experience" is.

Another reason is that they might know something you don't. For instance, if you're stuck on the last level of Legend of Zelda: The Pigeons of Bread Crumbs, Stupidity, and Flying Into Glass, you might ask for help from a friend who already beat the game... twice. Then you can feel stupid when it was

THAT ONE POT THAT YOU JUST DECIDED NOT TO BREAK!!!

Another example of this is if your cat got stuck in a tree and you don't know how to get him down. Then you can get such amazing advice as "Call the Fire Department" and "Climb up after it... and probably get stuck yourself." My favorite personal example is when I had a moose laying in front of my house in Alaska, and my Dad called one of his buddies who was good with animals. He said " You have two options, either sit in the house and wait for it to leave or slap the moose's behind and hope it leaves and doesn't come after you." We chose option number one.

In conclusion, asking for another opinion can be helpful because they may have more experience than you and they might know something you don't. I wonder how many times we ask for another opinion for small, insignificant things. What do you think?