Car emissions are very deadly and dangerous. They can be lethal to humans, and also dangerous to the enviroment. It can lead to big enviromental issues like global warming, holes in the ozone, and air pollution. Many ignore the fact or are oblivious to it, but driving hurts our enviroment just for a little bit of convienence. Are cars doing more harm than good?

Cars have a convienent way of getting us to our destination faster but at the cost of our precious enviroment. We use our cars sometimes without thinking twice of what the actual after effect is. Paris is a city that has had almost, if not the worst, smog levels in all of europe. It has 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter due to the majority of cars which have diesel powered engines. Air pollution doen't jsut effect our atmosphere, it slowly kills, if not severly injuers, animals and people. It hurts us by causing major damage to our lungs and respitory system.

Greenhouse gases are another major thing in car emissions. Greenhouse gases are gases that keep or trap heat on earth to keep us from going into another ice age. A decent amount is good and is used to do its job, but when you have too much then the globe starts to increase in temperature. Antarctica, as you know, is made of ice. when ice gets to a certain temperature it starts to turn into a liquid. So when antarctica starts to melt into the sea, the general ocean level will rise, causing sea level cities, states, and countries start to flood with salty ocean water. If we cut down on gas or diesel car travels, the and greenhouse production rate would slow down and so will the rising temperature of the earth decreasing the speed of the melting arctic.

Cars are a very important and convienent way of travel but can be very deadly to us humans and tne earth we live on. Because we use them everyday doesn't mean that we can not cut down or change our ways of transpertation. Cars give off many harmful toxins and gases that we can, but refuse to control. we can cut down on the majority of the waste by limiting our car trips distance wise and based on how many times you leave the driveway. a simple change as in riding a bike or walking or even only going out when needed can slow down the speed of global warming and even drop the levels of air pollution. A little change can maybe just save the earth from another flood that can wipe out humainity.    