Students shouldn't be forced to do something they don't want to do.

They can get easily fed up with doing things that they are forced to do.

So when a student that doesn't want to do a extracurricular activity, he or she would easily get fed up with it.

Which the student could drag that group down if he or she doesn't want to be in that group that does that extracurricular activity.

Here are some reasons why they shouldn't be forced to.

Students have things going on outside of school.

It can be about family, friends, school.

Now when a student has to do more work that adds on to what he or she already has to do, it can be hard on the student.

The student is now overloaded with work and can become stressed.

More work, can also hurt the students physical heath and mental health.

Mental health and physical health are the 2 big health's of the body that we all need to focus on.

With more work loaded on the student, he or she can become easily stressed.

Therefore, the student can get less sleep or have unhealthy eating habits.

In addition, with less sleep, the student is now tired and cannot think through thoroughly.

Also with the unhealthy eating habits due to stress, the student now has one more thing to worry about.

Out comes of student having mental and physical health in harm, such as being stressed with to much work can lead into bigger problems.

Depression or suicidal thoughts can rise in the students head.

Also the student can sabotage the group because he or she cannot get the work done.

In addition, he or she doesn't like it.

That student can also effect other students around the he or she.

Extracurricular activities fit some students and don't fit some students.

Students should still have the option to do extracurricular activities, but not be forced to.

As shown, it can affect mental health and physical health.

Also the student can do other things outside of school that he or she wants to do.

In addition, the student can have problems with his or her family that they are dealing with.

Work load can easily rise and stress can go through the roof for the student.

So students shouldn't be forced to do these extracurricular activities, but should always be an option.          