To begin with, the Electoral College should be kept. It's a important process to be able to select the electors and the meeting of the electors where they vote for the President and Vice President. One's of the many reason they should keep the Electoral College is because the voters want to express their political preference. Also, it helps choose your state's electors when you vote. Lastly, voters won't get confused about the electors when they vote for the candidate with this process, they wont.

Starting of with, some people might argue that one vote won't affect the voting and that it does not express your political preference. However, in source three by Richard A. Posner paragraph twenty three states "Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference." People who vote in elections are people who want a change to be made. They give their vote for the strongest and most confident candidate. They don't get mistaken in whom they've voted for.

To continue, Every given time there is a presidential election which is our responsibility to vote in and help choose our state electors. In source one by the Office of the Federal Register says "You help choose your state's electores when you vote for President" When we decide who our vote goes to we usually help choose our states electores when we vote for President and when we vote for our candidate we are also voting for our candidate's electors which most people will agrue is the right way to go.

Last but not least, many people would argue that voters get confused and vote for the wrong candidate. In source two by Bradfor Plumer says "...voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate." However, it has been proven that mostly everyone does choose for the right candidate! They choose the candidate they see the post potential and confidence in and the one that is going to make the changes they want and need.

To conclude, Electoral College should be kept. Multiple people will agree to this as well. This isin't just a place its a process that people agree to do! This makes us able to elect the most confident candidate that is going to make a powerful change. There are many reason the Electoral College should be kept. Startin of with, the voters and how they want to express their political prefence. Also, it helps us choose our state's electors when we vote. Lastly, voters won't get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate with this process. This is a long process but at the end of the day is worth it.    