The Face on Mars is just a natural landform. Many people think that the Face was created by aliens, but this is not correct. There is no proof that shows that the face was created by aliens, but there is much information to back up the fact that the Face is just a natural landform.

In the passage, Garvin says, "'As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size,' he added. 'So, if there were objects in the picture like airplanes on the gorund or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!'" This shows that even when people from NASA zoomed in on the face to get a better look at it, they couldn't find any sign of alien life which means that there is a very low possibility that there are aliens that could've done this.

Another reason that shows that aliens couldn't have done this is when the passage says, "Thousands of anxious web surfurs were waiting when the image first apperared on a JPL web site, revealing...a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." If scientists at NASA have studied this face and taken many pictures but still can't find any type of alien life, then there isn't any.

The last piece of evidence that shows that aliens didn't make the Face is when the text says, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa-landforms common around the American West. 'It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,' says Gavin. 'That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars.'" Many scientists would let the public know if they were any signs of aliens making the Face to keep us informed so the people wouldn't constantly be thinking and talking about it every day.

There is much information to back up the fact that the Face is just a landform. The public started to make up theories that made other people talk about it constantly, but scientists from NASA proved them wrong by showing them pictures on the Internet that there are no traces of aliens on or around the Face.