In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author explained many reasons why studying Venus would be helpful and advantageous to us as humans and scientists. Especially since Venus is the planet most like Earth, this would benefit Earth's knowledge at how we could study and explore Venus and grasp the research it would reveal. In Paragraph 8, the aouthor wrote, "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value..." This quote means that Venus is valuable, yet challenges face the journey.

In Paragrpah 4, the author compared how Venus was like Earth a long time ago. The author described how Venus seemed to possess analogous features to our planet, like valley, mountains, and craters, except the long time frames to Venus are a crucial consideration. " The value of returning to Venus seems indisputable...," though in Paragraph 5 the authour explained how NASA had a possible solution for the problem of traveling safely and Venus's hostile conditions.

NASA introduced an idea of a blimp-like vehicle hovering over Venus; the vehicle would remain floating above Venus's surface to remain away from the storms. Even though Venus has unavoidable dangers, for exmaple, the erupting volcanoes and powerful earthquakes explained in Paragraph 3, we will come prepared for the challenge.

Paragraph 7 states that NASA is working on different approaches as to how to study Venus so far off the ground. Safe in the hovercraft and away from the high pressure and heat and sporadic lightning strikes, scientists discoverd there was no possible way to collect the samples of rock, gas, or any component of Venus without getting out. The scientists sought to conduct a mission to bust the bubble of safety dispute the risks. Simplified electronics made of silicon carbide were tested to have withstood the chaotic surface of Venus for up to three weeks. Mechanical computers would also serve an important role now, just like in the 1940s, by making calculations with gears and levers that do not require electronics at all.

Overall, the point made across by the author of this passage was that even though studying Venus will definitely bring problems and challenges, there are loopholes and many ways to solve the solutions. Science is worth the risks, especially since it is for our planet and can better our understanding, so finding ways around the problem, and even facing them head on are our only solutions better comprehend Venus, and other planets in our solar system as well.   