Driverless cars seem to be evolving from the looks of it, just reading this article makes me realize how close we are to the future and how close we are to driverless cars. I'm for it just because some people can't drive because their disability and if they just had to sit in the car and tell it where to go that'd be so helpful for them adn everyone eround them. If we're going to do it we might as well just do it already, no arguments for or against it. In the future, we have to make sure they are very safe and trustful. It could lead to a lot of angry people wanting their money back or it could lead to a lot of happy people wishing they had another one. Driverless cars can help a lot of people through things, I know drunk driving is very unsafe and if somebody who is intoxicated were to get in a car, it might aswell drive them itself, because chances are, if that person drives it him or her self they'd be endangering everyone around them. With the driverless cars it'd be way more safe on the roads throughout the night, and even the day. They're too many accidents just in traffic and if the driverless cars were smart enough to be able to sense how to work in traffic it'd be perfect! I can see it now, everyone is safe and cars are just moving along smoothly, not that they don't know but there is always that chance for an accident. Also, people with disabilities who may not be able to drive, they just physically can't, driverless cras would be an amazing idea for the. Now, I know this won't happen for another couple of years or so but it's more than likely that driverless cars would take over everyone's regular cars. That could be a good thing though. For one, like i've already stated it'd make sense for people with disabilities and intoxicated people. For two, it's probably the safest thing i've ever heard of when it comes to cars and driving. Some people still like to drive their own cars, oh well they can still do that, but people who cannot drive at all really deserve to be able to get out of the house and be able to get what they need. Especially, the drunk driving that happens pretty much every day here in America, we need a safer way to be on the streets and I think this is it. Too many people are being killed by drunk drivers and if they just didn't have to drive to get home, if only something could just take them home instead, therefore everyone would be safer, driverless cars could make America so much safer in that aspect. You have to really think about how much safer we would all be if driverless cars continue to evolve and progress. I personally, believe that we'd all be in a safer place, it's hard to even go out at night and not see a drunk driver. That's a very big and important reason why driverless cars would be great for us. Another reason, my mom works third shift hours at a hospital. She drives home in the morning very tired. Imagine if she falls asleep while driving, well it'd make her and I both more comfortable knowing that she wouldn't have to drive herself home when she is that tired. It'd just be so much more safe everywhere and all the time. It's make everyone not worry about whther or not they or their family and friends will be in an accident. It'd make everyone not worry as much about their car being damaged. It'd make everyone safer.