Once there was a girl named Generic_Name, who was going to try Chipotle for dinner for the first time, was asking her best friend, Generic_Name, what she should order. "Oh!" Generic_Name exclaimed, " you should get a bowl with white rice and chicken. It will make you feel like you are in heaven!"

" No, no!" pouted Generic_Name's other best friend, Generic_Name, "you have to get barbacoa as your meat and a lot of cheese, it will melt right in your mouth!"

" Come on don't listen to her, I guarantee that you will love chicken way more than barbacoa!" shouted Generic_Name.

When Generic_Name got home that evening from school she asked her parents whether they think she should get barbacoa or chicken as her meat.

" Well I personally think that you should get barbacoa as your meat, it has a wonderful juicy and flavorful taste." said her mother.

" Yeah, every time I go there I have always gotten barbacoa, it has this spectacular taste." her father added.

So when they went to Chipotle that night, Generic_Name ordered a bowl with white rice, barbacoa, and a lot of cheese.

" Mmmm, this is really good guys, thanks for the advice!" said Generic_Name happily. Asking for opinions or advice from multiple people is helpful because people have different opinions, some people may have bad advice or opinions, and it may help you change your mind about something.

To start off, asking for opinions or advice from multiple people is helpful because everyone may have different opinions. Not everyone likes the same things and it also maybe nice to hear what other people have to say about things. If you were to go around your school or work and ask people what they think could be better about their working environment, not all of them are going to say the exact same thing. Some people may say that they want bigger and better bathrooms, more food options in the cafeteria, a neater and quieter work space, a longer lunch time, and many more. That is the thing with asking people for their advice and opinions, you never know or expect what they are going to say, but it can also make it harder for you to choose something since so many people gave you advice and they were all different. That is one reason how asking for opinions or advice from multiple people can help you.

To continue, another reason why asking for opinions or advice from multiple people can help you is because some people have bad advice and opinions. You may ask the wrong person for their advice, they could be untrustworthy and a bad influence, also some of your friends who you think are your true friends and will give you good advice maybe be the exact opposite. Someone will possibly try to get you in trouble and give you the wrong advice on purpose. For example, there was a boy named Generic_Name, he was an all A student and did fantastic in school. One night, Generic_Name was trying to decide whether he should study for his French or Algebra test first, so he called his friend, Generic_Name. He told Generic_Name to take his advice to not study at all and for him to sneak out late at night and go to a huge party that Generic_Name is having at his house. But then Generic_Name deiced to call Generic_Name to ask for his opinion.

"Oh don't listen to Generic_Name, his brain is about a size of a peanut, he is just trying to get you in trouble, you know he is a bad influence. I personally think you should study French first." said Generic_Name.

" Yeah I guess you are right," agreed Generic_Name, "Generic_Name is a bad influence and he should be studying as well."

If Generic_Name did not call Generic_Name to ask for his advice he would have left home late and gone to Generic_Name's party. That is another reason how asking for opinions or advice from multiple people can help you.

The last reason asking for opinions or advice from multiple people can help you is because it may help you change your mind about something, just like Generic_Name when he asked Generic_Name for his opinion. If you were thinking about doing something you weren't really sure of and asked your friends or family members what they thought, they can lend you pretty good advice that could possibly change your mind about doing something you were not completely sure of. For example, you could be thinking about getting a blue sweatshirt and ask your sister what she thinks, "Oh no don't get the blue, get green instead, it really brings out your eyes." she says.

That is my final reason how asking for opinions or advice from multiple people can help you.

In conclusion asking for opinions or advice from multiple people is helpful because people have different opinions, some people may have bad advice or opinions, and it may help you change your mind about something. Not everyone always thinks the same way about things and some people have just have bad advice, if everyone were to ask multiple people for advice, they are more likely to make the right and better decision.      