Cars,  a right and a way of transportation that we as people of the untired states have, used by many as a source of going from point a to point b. But if while going to those places you relized you where just killing the earth every mile at a time. Cars give off gas that pollutes the air and harms us, and  begins to create green house gases. Over time these gases could do very harmful things to us. The soulution isnt as simple as everyone in the world giving up there car, But what if there is a long term soultion to fix this big problem.

In Vauban, Germany residents of this

Upper class community have given up cars in a experimental test to see the results of giving up cars to see others ways people could do about getting place to place and helping stop green house gases along the way. The results of doing this could mean that other countries, towns and cities may want to try this as well. In the town people make there way around by transportation such as bikes, running and walking. With this in mine you may be thinking what is I want to go the mall and its down a highway? Easy if the plan did happen things like malls, stores, food markets would be down the street so you can still enjoy the things you love but not have  to spend money on gas and car payments anymore.

Paris bans driving due to smog, After 2 days of record breaking pollution paris put into effect a new rule that would clear up there city. On a Monday all cars where to not be on roads and stayed parked. With the option to leave your car at home or pay a fine of 22 euro's, 4000 drivers were fined and 27 got there car towed away. With smog polluting the air tempertures and weather changes begin to happen with cold night and warm days car emissons where  trapped by warmer air. The act was a success and most pollution in the city was gone so by tuesday everyone could return back to driving.

In Bogota, Columbia Only buses and traxis where permitted fir the Day with a population of 7 million, the whole thing was a huge success and there was a huge turnout. The purpose of this was athe goal to promote alternative transpotation and reduce smog. Millions of colombians biked, skated hiked and took buses during the car free day leaving traffic jams and easing stress to many people. Authorties came to Bogota to see the event and not only where they enthusiastic but with them liking how the even happened it means they could do it for there city making a chain recation to more and more till all people would like to participate in this oppurtunity to help save the earth. This event was not a tragicic loss of not being able to drive it was just showing that there are other means of transportation and not driving your car can help you in many ways.

So with these efforts of showing it dosent hurt to try something and it can be a train reaction to starting something big to end green houses gases that people all over give to the earth on a daily baisis. This just shows that cities like ours could try things like this and maybe help start something that can have sucha huge impact on our lives. With this maybe peopl ewill start to relize tha tcars arent all a big thing, and maybe the peak could come to a end and people could start somehting new. With car purchases and miles on car dropping the way to old ways of transposrtation can resurface as main ways to get to places. This can help our states because in the whole world 50 percent of polution comes from the United States. This can be a problem because if we want to see changei n out world we need to start off small to get to the end of green house gases.                      