The Electoral College is a system of appointing electors. These electors vote upon who will be the next president. Citizens/voters believe that they should be the ones able to decide who will become the president. People claim that this system should be changed to the "popular vote" system. This system is based on the people's votes. Even the smallest of states get their say in who will take the presidency. This form of electing should be put into play. The Electoral College should be abolished. It is interfering with citizen's rights. It is irrational, and should be changed.

Untrustworthy is a word used to desribe the Electoral College. It can not be trusted. In some cases, the college is said to have chosen a candidate based upon themselves, not their state. An example of this appears in the election of 2000. In this election, 17 states were said to have never even seen the candidates. Voters said that they didn't even see campaign ads. This could have been caused by the college. The Electoral College is unjust.

A new case appears on 1960. In this case, Louisiana tried to recieve new electors who would go against J.F.K. Their electors weren't going with their beliefs. This is just one example of the injustice. Voters everywhere feel the college is unfair. They would like to have a greater role in the outcome of elections. They wish to feel more a part of this country.

Others say that the Electoral College should stay. They believe in five reasons for the acceptance of the system. One reason is the "certainty of outcome." The second reason is "everyone's president." This is saying that the college needs a presidential candidate to have appeal. This means that candidates need to not only campaign in popular states. Doing this makes the other states feel discouraged and feel as if their votes are not important. The next reason is due to the swing states. This is saying that they need to focus their campaigning on small, "toss-up" states. Next reasoning is due to big states. They say the college restores and manages political balance. The last reasoning is that the college avoids when no candidate gets a greater amount of votes. This is saying that the college is able to break any ties between candidates.

Despite the reasonings given by the opposing side, the college causes problems. It is limiting voters' freedoms and rights. The voters want to be a part. They want to help their country. They want to be there to partake in the election and to choose their president fairly. The college is unjust and confusing. With the college, you do not know if you are getting the candidate that your state had voted for. The accuracy of your vote could be questioned. For these reasons and more are why we should change the system. We should remove the Electoral College system and replace it with the "popular vote" system. With this change we are ensuring the accuarcy to our voters. They will be able to take full part in the electoral election process. They will be able know for sure who and where their votes are going to.    