Students and teachers as well can all agree school tends to be very stressful. When summer comes along it gives everyone a opportunity to relax, put our stress from school aside, and just have fun during our break. On the other hand,not everyone gets to enjoy summer as much. Certain schools require students to complete a summer project to assure they continue learning during their break. The main debate is if these projects should be student-designed or teacher-designed.

Students young minds have so much creativity and potential to design their own project idea to make it a interesting and fun way of learning, but still being able to meet the requirements to get a good grade. Students designing their own projects lets them expand their knowledge to show what they already know, to create their project. A lot of students will dread having to complete a summer assignment. Some may feel it gets in the way of having time off from school,so designing it themselves will give them more freedom to make it not as boring by using their creativity to come up with a unique idea. Teachers also have a lot of stress going on and often have a lot of work to do with grading papers, this gives them time to relax by not having to worry about what to design for their students.

Students can also help one another by sharing ideas and working together. They have the choice whether to make it a big design or a small design and have a variety of options to chose from. While working on their design they may also discover new things in the process from research and learn more. It's more excitement to the students to see what they come up with and theyll be more eager to show it off. Students can see this as a challenge to try and come up with a creative design and be competitive.

On the other hand, it's understandable if some may feel that a teacher-designed assignment will be the better choice, given the fact that students just want to enjoy their summer break. Some students can fear having to design their own assignment could possibly add more stress from having to come up with a worthy project. To sum it all up a student-designed assignment would be a better fit for students and have more positive factors than having a teacher-designed assignment.           