It is finally summer time, time for trips, picnics, and fun. School is finally over and it is time to rest, but the summer project is 60% of next years grade. The topic of the project is extremely boring. This is why students should be allowed to pick their own project topics. The project is hard enough without having a topic that is not interesting. Many teachers would say it would be easier for them to just assign a topic to each person, however, doing this could lead to students not doing it and starting off the year bad. Students should be allowed to have this choice because it may give them a sense of freedom, they are more likely to do the project, and teachers dont have time to make up each topic for every student they have.

Initially, students get to have freedom of their own. The majority of kids do not like being pushed to do something because it makes them feel helpless and small. For example, when a little kid does chores without being asked it makes them feel accomplished, but as soon as they are asked they refuse to do it. Same with this project, if students have a say in what they are doing they are more likely to do it. Another example is, school papers throughout the year. Over half of the prompts that the state gives are inadequate and boring. Frankly they are terrible prompts that you dont have enough to say to make a full paper, but if students are allowed to choose then they then they can find a prompt that they are actually interested in. In conclusion, many students would rather do a project that interest them and peeks their curiosity then have a boring topic.

Furthermore, students need to be interested in the lesson and topic in order for them to do it. Everyone has been there where the teacher goes on and on about something that doesnt really matter. It seems like an hour has passed when it has been five minuets. In that moment the project doesnt get done. If students are given the opportunity to select the topic for the summer project people might actually have fun and enjoy their schooling. 75% of children say that they hate their schooling experience and 98% of those say its boring. As teachers try to make it not boring. For example,half of students do not do essay prompts because they do not like the topic. this is the same with summer projects. This could be fixed by letting the students choose a topic and how they want to complete it. In conclusion, many students need to like the project and want to do it for them to actually do it.

Lastly, teachers do not have enough time to make up topics for each kid. There are many way to do this: a Google generator, one universal topic, taking the time to do it, selecting a few topics and using groups. Every person has at least seen one of theses ways done. Teachers are very busy people that have many things going on at once. For example some teachers have 100 students or more in their class, that is a lot of topics to make up. A Google generator would make the topics quick but most of the topics would be simple and not have much to build a project out of. Teachers have that many students to watch, to plan, to print, and to grade. A teacher who has to do all of that surly would not have the time to make these topics. One universal topic would work but then the teacher would be bored with 100 projects on the same topic. In conclusion, letting students pick their own topic is the most interesting and practical.

In conclusion, students should be able to pick their own topic because it will give them freedom, they would be more willing to put in the work, and teachers would have more time for more important things. As teachers let the students pick out a topic of their choice that interests them. In the future more schools will allow their students have more choices regarding their education.                        