Many students would like to be the ones deciding what project they will do over the summer instead of having it assigned by a teacher. However they may not make wise decisions and they are very likely to choose the easy way out. Therefore, Students should not be allowed to design their summer projects because students will choose something that's too easy, students will procrastinate if they know it is their choice, and students will choose something they're already familiar with and will not learn anything new. Teachers need to assign these summer projects to ensure that students are having a positive and helpful learning experience over summer break.

One reason students should not design their own summer projects is because they'll choose something that's far too easy for them. For example, If Generic_Name tells Generic_Name that he gets to decide what his summer project is, Generic_Name will be very happy because Generic_Name is a good teacher and probably would've given an assignment that he would consider "too hard." Instead, Generic_Name will now go home and take 20 minutes to write about Spongebobs marine life and get an easy A. This will not benefit Generic_Name in any way, shape, or form because Generic_Name took 20 minutes out of 9 weeks to write about non-sense he knows will be an easy A. Therefore, teachers should assign projects in order to assure that students are actually putting their brains to work over the summer.

Another reason students should not design their own summer projects is because many of them will go home thinking they have plenty of time to complete a simple project. This will lead to procrastination and many students will end up forgetting they had a project to do. For the students who procrastinate this will teach them bad habits and for the ones who forget and didn't do it, it will not benefit them at all. By letting students design their own projects in a 9 weeks time span, teachers are opening the doors to bad habits their students may learn. Therefore, teachers should assign these summer projects in order to keep students away from learning bad habits.

In addition, students should not design their own summer projects because teachers know exactly what the students need to learn. The teacher should choose something important, that's not too easy, and that will help the students out in the long run. For example, If Generic_Name assigns Generic_Name to 3 essays about Oceanography , Generic_Name may not be happy, but it will help him a lot years down the road. When Generic_Name gets to 11th grade he will be an essay master, he will get an A in English class, he will score a 600 on his writing SOL, and he will even be an excellent Oceanographer! Generic_Name will look back and be so grateful that Generic_Name gave him that assignment that he hated so much. Generic_Name will now realize that importance of having good projects assigned by qualified people. Teachers should assign summer projects to their classes in order to help them learn useful information that will help them throughout their lives.

In conclusion, it is best to let teachers do their jobs and be the ones to decide on the summer projects. It is always interesting to see what different students choose for their projects, but the most beneficial to students would be the teacher-designed projects. For students it may not be fun but it is what's best for them and it will surely help them a lot more than the easy projects that they would have much rather chosen. Teacher-designed projects is the way to go!                  