Dangers of texting while driving

I believe that drivers should not use their phones while operating a vehicle. Everyday people are dying in car accidents because they're using their phones while driving. Many people today believe that cell phones are one of the most leading factors in car accidents. Despite the fact that they're putting themselves in danger, people still use their phone while driving because they don't want to miss anything and to contact others. Are people's texting conversations that important, that they risk crashing their car, or putting not only your life but the life of other people at risk.

Not only is texting or talking behind the wheel bad enough, but many people compare this to drinking and driving as well. Drunk driving is another leading factor in car accidents everyday. These two things are closely related to each other because of how many injuries or deaths they both have caused. Some say that texting while driving is even more dangerous than drunk driving, but people still don't realize the danger of it.

Many people argue that having a bluetooth will make it easier for them to stay on the phone while staying focused on the road while driving. they also say that it's more useful to them. But that can also distract them from the road as well, they could be in a very important conversation that can cause them to lose focus of what they're doing and they could end up in a bad car wreck. If the phone call or text is that important, than they should take time to pull over into a parking lot so they can answer it instead of trying to answer it in the car. Most people believe that staying connected to the outside world is more important than focusing on the road but it really isn't.

And even though there are laws that ban the use of cell phones while driving it hasn't stopped the amount of car crashes every day. The government can put a law to ban the use of phones while in the car, but they can't stop People from using it because it's not as easy for police to see when people are on their phones as it is for them to determine how fast you are going or headlights are off. People just don't see the use in banning phones and don't follow them.

I personally feel like people should stop using their phones as well and stay focused. If people truly want to stay safe then there are plenty of ways of doing this like putting their phones on silent and not on vibrate. They can also turn their phones completely off. And if they can do that it will at least lessen all the crashes. When you're behind the wheel, you should never have your attention on your cell phone. It's important to be alert at all times. You should always keep your eyes on the road.

1            