The thought of limting car usage may sound ridiculous or even out right absurd to some, however, what if one car not driving could save your city or even country? Emissions from cars have been weathering away at the Earth's atmosphere and trapping health threatening green house gasses. Goverments have taken notice of this and are developing programs to curve the increasingly large amount of emissions and other air pollutants that come from cars.

In the source,"In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars," it tells the tale of Vauban, Germany and other places that have similar programs to limit or ban car usage in suburban homesteads. As a result of the new rule, nearly 70 percent of the families who live in Vauban, though its completely legal, do not own a car and an additional 57 percant sold theirs to move into the square mile of suburbian life. Since the completion of the suburb in 2006, this trend has grown and spread out across Europe and America. These are great things to hear considering that 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions come from the tailpipe of the passenger cars that occupy Europe. Additionally, the greenhouse gasses in the United States can reach as much as 50 percent in heavily automobile trodden areas like Detroit, Los Angeles and New York. These cities may have their rescue soon enough as the Enviromental Protection Agency has pushed for legislative action to aid their fellow Americans.

In another European landmark, Paris has joined the fight to battle the smog that glooms over the fantasmic city. Although the city looks like it is a paradise, it actually has a smog predicament comparable to that of Shanghai which is notorious for its near cancerous smog problem. To combat this arising problem in Paris, city officials have instituted rules and bans against the pollutants. Motorists with even numbered license plates will alternate with odd numbered motorists every day and the city will provide free transportation Monday through Friday to those banned on that day. Not only has it help impede the incoming smog, it has also cleared traffic congestion up to 60 percent! This is also a benifit in the smog battle since motorists aren't idling and producing emissions when at a standstill. This idea has also been shared to other places around the world that are trying to battle their own emissions.

The struggle for clean air is even in our own back yard. President Obama has even addressed it himself last week as it came out that Americans are buying less cars and driving the ones they already have less. Now this may sound a bit astounding considering that Americans have a passion for cars. In Detroit,, Michigan, companies who are internationally known for their cars have their base of operations lacted in the sprawlng urban playground. The first mass produced automobile, the Ford Model-T, was even crafted right here in the United States! However,  there is still a noticeable decline in the use of cars in American lives. This isn't all bad though, some of Americas cities are falling into a danger that other cities across the globe have already fallen for; smog and greenhouse gas pollution.

There are numerous studies on the health risks of air pollutants that can back up the reasoning of countless goverments and cities that want to undo their own demise. In the final source titled, "The End Of Car Culture", the passage states that," Many Sociologists believe it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions..." This statement comes after the news of declines in Americans driving their own cars. This atop of new drivers not wanting their licenses and prefer public transit are unknowingly an aid to fighting the global emission dilema.

The advantages of limiting car usage has both positives and its negatives. The negative only affects one person, usually, and the positives have an affect on everyone else's health and the global enviroment and make countless other minute differences in the world. The global effort to inhibit the production of smog. greenhouse gas emissions, and any other pollutant that makes the quality of air unfavorable has really come along way in the past few decades since its realization. So why not hang up the keys once in a while and take a bus to the store or walk to work.    