Just because the Seagoing Cowboys program seems old, it is still a good thing to join. The Seagoing Cowboys fit many people's needs. Our number one reason for this program is to do good deeds for other people in other countries. We help these people after wars, and when their towns are destroyed. Although I only helped take care of the animals that were boarded on the ship being sent over, I still benefitted to the people on the ship by doing work for them. It kept me busy. I watched the animals and and checked on them, and I also reported on how they were doing. I also had night shifts to check on the animals each hour. One night, however, I slipped on a ladder, and couldn't work for a few days because of racked ribs. Thankfully, I fell on a piece of metal, and it caught me from falling into the ocean. I am lucky to be alive!

We don't work the whole time in the program, however. You would like what we get to do when we aren't working. We exlore and visit new, interesting places. We go to several different countries, and get to see how the people's culture, life style, and needs are different than ours. I had gotten a tour of a castle in Crete, visited China, Europe, and the Acropolis in Greece! Not only did we visit places, but we also had some freetime once in a while on board. We had baseball games, volleyball games, tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, and whittling.

If you join the Seagoing Cowboys program, it is beneficial to 18 year old men, or men older than 18. Why? It is because when you are drafted to the military services at age 18, the military will count this program as your serving. I had turned 18 while I was on board and before we had even arrived to Greece, and I knew I couldn't be in the program and military at once. Lucky for me, the military coutned it as my service. Lastly, if you have ever wanted to meet other nations, you should join this program. Up to 44 nations join together to comeplete the tasks of the Seagoing Cowboys. Overall, I think that the Seagoing Cowboys are a very helpful, beneficial group of good people.