Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because some students would rather want to be able to work in their own comfortable environment and be able to work at their own pace.

Students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home because they can work at their pace because if the students missed a day or two of school, the online class is there to provide them easy access to work they might have missed. Another point is, some students tend to much rather like to work in an environment they feel comfortable in or that they feel safe in. Lastly, It would benefit their learning skills by having a tool to use that could be helpful for them when they attend school personally.

Students working at their own pace could be helpful and beneficial to them in many ways. Having to be rushed or pressured to do work may not be the best for any grade school students. If a student missed a couple days of school, the online class is there to provide for the lesson they learned the days of or the work that was missed without the work being turned in late or graded poorly. A student being able to work at their own pace is also extremely beneficial because it gives them more time to fix imperfections and be able to ace the work that was given. Students often do terribly on work they rushed on or do terribly when they did not have enough time to finish.

Students usually tend to work better in a environment they feel comfortable and safe in. Students who dont like the environment they are in can get easily distracted in their surroundings. Being distracted can cause trouble all around. Not only does it cause trouble, It stops students from getting their work done and their peers work done. These online classes can provide them to do their work in a environment they feel that they are safe or comfortable in without having to distract themselves or anybody around them. If a student feels that they are uncomfortable in their surroundings, that can take over their mind and distract them from what needs to be done.

Having an online class for students can be a benefit their learning skills by having a tool to use that could possibly be helpful for them for when they attend public school. Online classes could teach the student another way how to solve a problem in a way public school could not. With the information they learned online, they can carry that on with them and be successful in a class they have trouble on or for future references. The online class may explain the topic another way that the school did not and makes it easier for the student to understand what they are learning.

In conclusion, students would much rather benefit from being able to attend classes from home than being able to attend public schools or having to do a class in school. These classes can help students in a way public school classes could not. Being able to work at your own pace, not be distracted while do work, and learning new topics can be helpful for somebody who needs online classes.        