One day I needed advice on how to stay calm during a test, so I asked multiple people including my mom, my dad, and my teachers. Getting multiple opinions helped me a lot during that test. Therefore, I believe that getting multiple opinions when you're asking for advice can help you make a better choice because you will get different points of view, you could get tons of ideas from asking multiple people, and different people can help you with different questions.

Firstly, I think that if you ask multiple people for advice, then you will get different points of view. In addition, people tend to make the best choices from talking to multiple people and getting lots of advice from them. Also, people think very differently so you can get fantastic advice from one person and terrible advice from another person. The people in your life want to see you succeed so they will give you advice to make the best choice possible.

Additionally, I believe that you can get tons of great ideas from asking multiple people for advice. The people in my life have given me amazing ideas when I asked for advice. Those ideas have led me to make the best choice possible for the situation. For example, I asked everybody in my family how to get better at sports and each one of them gave me a great idea and I improved significantly. Also, if you have lots of ideas then you can make a smarter choice than if you only had one idea.

Lastly, different people can help you with different questions. For example, I asked my mom and dad how to be less stressed in school. My mom told me exactly what to do and my dad didn't know what to say, so if I only asked my dad then it wouldn't have helped me much. Therefore, multiple people can give you different advice.

In conclusion, people make the best decisions when they ask multiple people for advice because you can get different points of view, you can get tons of ideas, and different people can help you with different questions. Furthermore, Everyone can make the best choice when they ask multiple people for advice because everybody thinks differently and different people can give outstanding advice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     