There are many advantages of having limitations in car use. Some examples include less car Pollution, less stress on car users, more people starting to walk, and having a sense of community, and even less stress on car users.

Car pollution is a serious issue that the world faces. Constantly people are using cars, trucks, and commercial vehicles to get from point A to B. With a whoping 7 billion and growing people in the world you can start to get a sense of how many people are polluting our air. Fortunately there are many ways that we can limit car usage in the world and many have started to work on solutions already. In the article

"In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars"

by Elisabeth Rosenthal she explains that in Vauban, Germany Residents are taking a stand against car use. She goes on to explain that 70 percent of the Vauban families do not even own cars and more than half of the population sold their cars so that they could move them and their families to the society. One women a mother of two said "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way", this goes to show you that communities like this could make a differense not only by not using cars but also by lowering stress on people and making them more happier.

Based on the Article

"Paris bans driving due to smog"

by Robert Duffer Paris recorded days of pollution soon after they decided to have a ban on driving to clear the air. The smog in the air due to the pollution in the air was in quote "rival to Beijing, China one of the most polluted cities in the world". Imagine if every country decided to have a national day or even a week of no cars the ammount of pollution in the air would significantley decrease. In reference to that in Bogota, Colombia thats exactly what they are trying to accomplish. Based on the article "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selsky it has become the thir straight year cars have banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in the capital city of 7 million. Since the mid 1990's an improvement plan began in Bogota know as "the day without cars" the plan is to ban all cars in colombia there efforts have even ended up spreading ideas to other countries such as Paraguay. With the limitations car use in these countries pollution will continue to decrease.

In conclusion car use is something that should be limited  in all countries to save the planet. By creating communties in Vauban, germany that ban car use as well as having car use free day the world will slowley but surley begin to realize what all these efforts are accomplishing. The less car use the more clean air.    