There are many different negavtives and positives when it comes to driverless cars. Knowing the goods and bads about these special cars can be good for the future when investing in one some day. Having a car that can drive itself, communicate with you and your actions, interact with how you drive could be a good thing. What if something was to go wrong? Being able to know how these things works and whats good and not so good about them could, never know, save your life.

These new and improved cars have positive things about them. Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a car. Half a million miles is quite a lot without anything going wrong. it goes to show they can be reliable when wanting to drive a greater distance. There is more about these self-driving cars many dont know. Gm had developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in a danger of backing into an object. Therefor, the Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over.

Today, we don't exacly know how or what these self-driving cars are going to have in them or how they may run in the future. There are many positive things that have come upon us when investigating in this new invention but what could possibly go wrong? During the making of these cars there is a lot of technology and a whole lot of sensors. While driving thses cars, lets say on the highway, and something was to go out or mountfunction. Yes, it could happen to any vehicle in the world. The only problem is if the car itself is driving and something was to happen would the driver be able to take control or would the car freeze everything up an something bad happen? Google, BMW, and anyone else involved in this think of all the good possible things but there could be so many negatives that could really be lifechanging.

My opinion on Diverless cars is good for the most part. Say you have to drive a long ways and you need a break from driving, the car could take over instead of having to stop at night and drive for you. Its crazy to think that in a few years these cars could become our lives. "Telsa has projectd

2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time. Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020." ( Driveless Cars are Coming.)

So, as you think more about it, most positive things could also be negative things when it comes to self-driving cars. In a few years havinng these cars could change our lives or make them harder. From the cars driving a half a million miles to having gadgits to help you focus on driving to not so much the technology problems that could cause bad news for a lot of people. Never know, one day we might have cars driving us around instead of us driving them.