Cars have been the main use for transportatation from one distant destination to another. The population is relying on cars more often to get them to were they need to be. Everyone in the communities are becoming lazier and cannot bother to grab a bike or even a pair of skates to help them get where they need to go. More and more of the population do not want to walk to the store which is usually down the street. Cars have even been polluting the atmosphere causing numerous issues, such as health problems and even a rise in the temperature of the planet. The purpose of this essay is to inform fellow citizens of the advantages of limiting car usage.

By limiting the amount of cars we have in the country or even by reducing the days one can use their car, can dramatically reduce the pollution in the atmosphere and also cause citizens to become more active and healthy. "Street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district on the outskirts of Freiburg, near the French and Swiss borders."(Source 1, Paragraph 2). Vauban is one community to begin their journey to becoming a car reduced area. "As a result, seventy percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and fifty-seven percent sold a car to move here."(Source 1, paragraph 3). As said by one of the residents, "When  I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heindrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor."(Source 1, paragraph 3).

Paris is another city to take on the challenge of limiting the use of cars. Paris is a city where there is an abundance od smog and pollution. "After days of near-record pollution Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city."

(Source 2, paragraph 10). Because of such effort, "Congestion was down sixty percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog..."(Source 2, paragraph 14). By limiting car usage citizens have only one option, to get up find a bike or running shoes and set out for the day. By doing this the peoples can become very healtthy and reduce the chances of life treatening illnesses, such as cancer and others such as diabetes and lung and heart problems. Just think of the environment, by using less cars we can lower of even completely stop the effects of global warming which can lower the the rising of the sea and help to stop the destruction of the ozone.

"BOGOTA, Colombia-In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or even took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of trafic jams."(Source 3, paragraph 20). These simple and energizing activities can get you to where you need to be and also gets and keep you active and moving. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife."(Source 3, paragraph 24). "Different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a long-term cultural shift, " said Mimi Sheller, a sociology professor at Drexel University and director of its Mobilities Research and Policy Center."(Source 4, paragraph 35). The world is changing and with it the health of the people and the condition of the environment.

By taking time from using motor vehicles we can lower the pollution of the world and improve the health of the people who live in it. By lowering the production of cars, citizens will have no choice but to grab their bikes or skates or even running shoes and begin to move. The time is now for the community to change. Many different cities have already started their change with cars and now is the time for you to join in the movement. One step at a time.                            