How would you feel if I forced you to do something you absolutely did NOT want to do or maybe even couldn't do because of other circumstances? That is what this principal is doing here! I disagree with this decision because some kids need to be home for family things,others have diagnosed anxiety and can't function doing these types of things,last but not least kids might be frightful of bullying. Keep on reading and i'll explain just how wrong this is!

The first reason i think of is family. My family is very complicated and difficult however i am blessed in the aspect of having an adult at home to take care of anything(most of the time).However not every kid has that,let me elaborate. There is a kid named Generic_Name (this is all made up) and his mom works from 2:30 p. m.-10:30p. m. also on the other hand its very scarce for his dad to be around because his dad drives trucks for a living. Generic_Name has 3 younger brothers Generic_Name,Generic_Name,andGeneric_Name who he is responsible to take care of while his parents are not home. If he is staying after school daily then who will do it? You may just be thinking "well why doesn't Generic_Name just hire a babysitter?" his parents spend all the money they earn on bills,clothes and food,4 kids is tough to handle. This principal has to think about everyone and give perspective to all,including kids like Generic_Name.

What about the kids that have things going on inside their head? Talking about mental health is a very personal thing for me and my family. Why you ask? Because My sister has a lot of mental illnesses that she struggled with all through school and still does in life to this day(she is 19 as of now).She has BPD and anxiety both diagnosed. I remember weeks she wouldnt eat or random nights screaming, some days happy others not. The reason i give such a personal back story is because i want you to understand that some of these children cannot cope in these situations and its not their fault,they did not choose this! The crowd in sports could frighten them or make them break down or the workload from school and their activity together could feel like to much for a young child to cope with. Again back to the principal needs to really try to give sympathy to some of these kids situations.

Have you or someone you loved ever been bullied or had suicidal thoughts? I'm very lucky in the fact that i have never been in a situation where i felt i was being bullied however suicide hits very close to home. Just recently my uncle committed suicide and it is and forever will be a devastating loss to this world. The reason i mention suicide is because you never know whats going on in someones mind or what they are going through. If a kid gets picked on and is told he or she is everything but enough and amazing it gets to them just like any other human. If a heavier weighted kid is playing a sport and gets called names and gets picked on for his weight in the locker room he will feel down and start to question himself. It's not okay for anyone to feel that way! Im no perfect human iv'e said things to people that i regret but i try to be understanding and be nice most of the time. This principal needs to think about these kids and not the image of the school.

These kids should not have to feel these things or go through these things out of fear that they may get in trouble for not doing an activity ,it's just not right! Think about Generic_Name,my sister and the kid in the locker room the next time you see a bully or someone struggling with anxiety or hear about a difficult situation at home. I completely disagree with the principal for the reasons i just gave you. Where do you stand on the matter?