Are students responsible enough to design their own school projects? Numerous schools require students to complete projects over the summer to ensure learning, but this method may be ineffective. If students were given the freedom to design their own projects it would lead to greater performance due to the likelihood that students will pick topics that interest them, that projects would be generalized to help students in the fields with which they require assistance, and the possibility of students forgetting about the project would be lower if they actively worked on it.

However, some may disagree with this viewpoint. Some may say that designing their own projects provides students with an opportunity to pick an easy topic with which they will not be challenged. Nevertheless there are other viewpoints to consider.

Firstly, students, when given the opportunity, will always choose to work on a topic that interests them. Studies show that working with a topic that interest them improves the performance of students while also increasing the possibility of them making an effort to complete their work. However, this is not the only reason why students should design their own summer projects.

Additionally, while some may argue that students would choose to work on topics which they find easy, the chance of a class of students all thriving in the same subjects is highly improbable. Due to the fact that some students will choose to work in subjects which they don't find challenging, students may end up choosing topics which challenge their peers and inadvertently create a project which is all encompassing. But these are not the only reasons students should design their own summer projects.

Finally when any person puts considerable effort into something it causes information related to the subject becomes learned more easily. This is one of the reasons why teachers use methods such as taking notes to reinforce what students are learning. So, logically a group of students working together to choose a topic and subject which they are all satisfied with will reinforce the knowledge of such a project and therefore decrease the likelihood that students will forget about their summer projects thereby improving results.

However, there are many more reasons that students should design their own summer projects.

In conclusion, students should have a hand in creating their own summer projects to choose topics which interest them, as well as to increase the likelihood of them completing said projects, and finally create a project in which all students may both thrive and struggle.