"Everybody has a special talent." I agree that everyone that goes to the school should participate in at least one extracurricular activity. When students participate in extracurricular activities, it could give them a subject to start thinking about, or even doing in school. For example every spring since I have been in third grade I have ran track for my school track team. When I started running track I didn't think I would enjoy it as much as I thought, but then when I started running I then knew that that was what I wanted to do all throughout grade school. When you participate in an extracurricular activity it may lead you too get a scholarship of the collage of your choice, it can help you to see what subject your passionate in, and it can help relax you.

Most of the time when people apply for a collage, the person or people interviewing you may ask if you do any sports or an extracurricular activity. When you are getting interviewed for collage, most of the time the interviewers not only look at your grades and GPA, but they look to see if you do any sports or activities inside or outside of school. Being apart of a sport or activity inside or even outside of school is very important too collages. Collages look too see if you do any sports or activities, because they want to see if you are active in your school or even your community. Being active in your school can be as simple as doing a sport like track or volleyball, or doing a club or activity like art or a cooking club.

Finding out what one of your talent is could be one of the most exciting thing. Finding a sport or activity that you really enjoy, may be that subject you may want to stick with the rest of your life. It's good to start thinking about an extracurricular activity when your young, so when you get older you may be easier for you too accomplish. Knowing how to do an activity or sport at a young age is a good exposure too a young child, so thy have time too get to know the sport at their elementary school or there preschool. Getting exposed to an activity or sport, can also be a good opportunity to get exercise.

When you come home from school sometimes you may not want to start your homework right away, because you've been surrounded by school work all day from school. Taking a break and doing something after school that you love, can relax you, and take your mind off of the thing that stresses you the most. Sometimes when there's a test the next day, some people stress and worry about how they are going to do on the test. Doing something that you know that will relax you, may help you on the test. Studies show that when people take breaks in between studying may lead to success on a test and help to stay focused.

In conclusion, doing an extracurricular activity may lead to success later in life. Other than getting a job, learning how to do a extracurricular activity my be on of the most important things that happen in your life time. Extracurricular activities could help you with going to collage and even getting a scholarship. Staying after school before starting your homework could be something you try to do twice a week, so there won't be any stress. What sport or activity would you want to do in your school? 