People have choices and they can be right or wrong. What if your choices didn't count and somebody else chose for you. That'll make you furious since you took your precious time trying to make the right choice and somebody else chooses for you and it's not what you wanted. I think there shouldn't be an electoral college since people want the president they chose, not the electoral college. There should be an immediate change to this faulty system of electing a president.

The voices are spoken by the people and it should count. Everybody's opinion counts and is a better and more preferable way of electing a president. The people are furious of this voting method and some aren't. They're wrong if they're agreeing on the electoral college method. When people cast a vote on who they want to be as president, it goes to the electoral college instead and then they choose who gets to be the president which makes it unfair for the people who took their time off to vote.

Almost the entire country takes their time off to vote on president who can take care of this country and make it even better. Aside from that, whenever someone votes, thinking that it's actually going for the president, it goes to a slate of electors who elects the president. Sounds fair to us doesen't it? Nope, this is truly unfair to the people and their opinions are valuable and should be treated fairly by actually counting that vote towards the president, not for the slate of electors to choose for us.

Famous president and also known as the best president in the country due to his efforts of freeing slaves in the north, Abraham Lincoln is a very honorable person. He has a famous quote that goes well with the electing issue we have today. He believes, and we all should too, that this is "

of the people, by the people, for the people.

" One of the most favorable quotes said by Abraham Lincoln and is one hundred percent, completley true. Whatever we think is right, like the people electing the president, it should be for the people.

So in conclusion, the electoral college should just go away and let the people choos e

. It is simple and will make everyone feel good that they actually choose who gets to be president, not the electoral college. It will be fair to all of us and will make everything better than it is now.

"

Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election

." This quote is wrong in many ways due to the fact the everyone want's that president because they prefer what the president will do in the future, not because of some political preference. A persons choice is as valuable as a politcal preference but either way an elctoral college is no way to choose a president. Everyone's vote counts and they will decide who gets to be president because of what they prefer about the president. So therefore the electoral college is a wrong step to our country and should be changed permanently and let us, the people, choose who gets to be in charge of our country.    