Asking people for advice is a great way to make a easier problem solving.

When you go ask a person for advice your slowly taking weight of your shoulders. Even if dont think you are. Taking weight of your shoulder's is just a metaphor we use in the English vocabulary (your not actually taking a weights off your shoulder).

Not only are you taking weight of your shoulder but you're also reliving stress. You also stop getting worried about the problem.

Another important thing about asking people for advice is ask those you trust.

What i mean by

"ask the people you trust

''. Is because if you ask a class mate they could give you really bad advice. Or worse they can expose your secrete to the whole class. That's why you should always ask a person you trust the most and someone you can relay on. Also make sure you can ask a pretty serious person you don't want to ask your class clown.

Asking people for advice when your having a problem is a easy way to try and solve that problem. Here's the thing your problem could be solved in a way much easier way if you ask a person for advice. Not only will it help you and your problem but your mental health as well. What i mean by mental help is your anxiety could go down a lot not only your anxiety but your stress. It is a very important thing to do when you believe you can't solve the problem. To ask a person or adult you trust and that you think could keep a secrete for advice.

Asking people for advice is a very easy way to solve a problem. But here's the thing not all advice's are smart or problem solving. This also follows to the trusting category from earlier. Trust is the main thing when asking a person for a advice. You trust the person you asked for advice not to tell any other person. Or not to give you a really immature advice. My advice is to ask an adult your really can trust or you can relay on. Chances are that they will give you a good fair amount of advice. You dont have to ask a adult if you don't feel well around that adult/person.

This is why asking for advice could help you solve your problem in a smart, and safe way. And make sure to ask those you really trust.    