When your stuck with a decision to make, you might not know what to do. You would normally ask someone for their opinion or maybe multiple people. Sometimes you may wonder if it's actually important to ask for someones opinion or just go with your own. And then you get stuck on that idea and you may end up making a wrong choice and later regret it. Today, I will be explaining why it's important to ask for other peoples advice.

It's important to ask for someones advice is because you want to see what that person would choose. You want to always see what he/she would want to choose instead of the other things to get a point of view of what they think would be best. For example, you ask a friend if they would rather choose American Eagle or Hollister to shop at. Your friend would go with what they think is the better option and could also explain why. Then you could ask other people the same thing and everyone would choose what they like best and you would come up with your own opinion based on some things other people told you.

Another reason why its important is because it could be beneficial. When you grow up there will be many hard choices to make. One of them is choosing the right job for you. There might come a time where you like one job but you could also end up liking another one. Thats where other peoples advice come to play. They would say they like job or this job and state reasons why. Then what you could do is get the job with the most support and base your choice off of that one.

One more reason why it's important to ask for other peoples opinion is because they could become useful in life. Lets say you want to get start smoking ciggerates and your unsure if you should or not. Some friends say you should and others say you shouldnt. Then you postpone the idea of doing it for a while but then you end up forgetting about it. Then suddenly you could remember the thought of getting one and research things about the dangers of smoking and finally realize it sure was a good idea forgetting about it since it could be harmful to your lungs.

It's important to ask for other peoples opinions and ask for advice. They could be useful later in life,

beneficial in many ways, and you could see what other people would choose. Opinions are really useful and also advice because you don't know when you're going to need it. It's important to ask for opinions just to make sure you are making the right choice. This concludes my reasons why it's important to ask for advice and other peoples opinion.              