Have you ever had to make a big decision?

I definitely have had to.

It was very hard to make and throughout the process I had a hard time because I didn't know if I was making the right choice.

If I could go back now and make that decision again I would surely change some things.

Maybe I would take longer to consider my options and the consequences that go along with them.

Most of all, I would ask others opinions before choosing my final choice.

Asking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because everyone has different experiences, some you ask may not know, and there are many opinions on different topics.

My first reason is everyone has different experiences.

Nobody has been through the exact same thing you have been trough because it's impossible.

This means that we all have something different to offer.

Experiences with certain things may change opinions and influence us.

For example, if someone grew up in a Christian home, when they're grown, they are most likely going to stay Christian.

Overall, nobody is the same and everyone has different ways of doing things and we should respect that.

The next, or second reason is some you ask may not know.

Not everyone has the same knowledge and some may know things others don't.

When people ask these individuals about a skill they are not particularly great at, they tend to freeze up.

Either they do not know the answer or they're not one-hundred percent positive.

Most people wouldn't want to give out false information to someone so, iif they aren't sure, they would tell the person seeking advice.

Other reasons why people may not know is because they may have never been taught the information.

If we only ask one person and they don't know then that could impact the outcome and that is why it is important to ask multiple people.

Concluding that, we shouldn't just assume everyone knows what we are asking from them and we should accept it and find others to ask.

The third and final reason is there are many opinions on different topics.

Everyone has their own opinion which may or may not line up with someone else.

When asking for advice, beware of this and think things trough.

Seeing situations from different sides may also help you in coming to a conclusion by realizing what the other side is going to think.

No person is the same so everyone likes different things.

For example, someones favorite fruit is grapes but someone else's is bananas.

In the end, nobody is the same and we are not going to have the exact same opinions, things, and favorite ways to do or handle situations.

To sum it all up, when making decisions, do them smartly and ask others for advice before deciding because it will give a better idea of the topic.

Make sure it is realized that not everybody has been through the same stuff as others and have different stories to share.

Also keep in mind that some people know things more than others and some may not know at all so make sure you are getting valuable information and if not then you should ask others.

Lastly, remember everyone has their own opinions on different topics which may influence the final choice they would make.

In conclusion, it is better to get multiple opinions and see the scenario from many different points of view.