Limiting car usage would have many advantages to the community around it. But the main two advantages to limithing cars is the reduction of polution,and also the reduction of congestion in many suburbs. Many cities including Bogota,Paris,and cities surrounding those have already started to limit the usage of cars.

One big problem many scientist are beginning to find out about our world is that our ozone layer is being desroyed by polution we put in the air. A big contributer to polution is the exhaust being produced by the million of cars used everyday. Another big problem countrys all over the world have to worry about is smog,or a thick layer of fog that is really hard to see through. having this very dangerous factor in the road many car crash ratings have sky rocketed. One way this can be stop is to do what these few country have been doing, that is to have days through out the year where people cant use their cars at all. To help in force this day police have been giving people fines roughly around thirty dollars. In Bogota,Colombia it was the third straight year cars have been banned. after all these years of banning cars the turnout was large. despite gray clouds that poured rain all over Bogota. When the smog went away from Bogota many other cities from Colombia have joined the event of banning cars. a qoute from

Car-Free Day is Spinning into a Big Hit in Bogota says that " Parks and sprots centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven,pitted sidewalks ahve been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts ahve cropped up". To have these results to such a simple idea is incredible.

Another big problem in pretty much all countrys is congestion of their inner streets. When streets have major traffic alot of things change including the mood of people,and there is a higher percentage of car crashes. To fix this problem many cities did pretty much the same as before to retrict cars on certain days. A brilliant idea was presented and used in Paris. The idea was that "on Mondays motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave= their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31), The same would apply to odd-numbered plates that following day". After this brilliant event finished congestion was down sixty percent in the capital of France, and after five days the smog was gone.

In conclusion the advantages of limiting cars had a far greater output than input and has also solved many big problems. All we canhope for is the parcipitation of more and more countys or cities to help lives and our world.    