Should schools allow the students or teachers create a prodject for the summer? Personaly I feel as if the teachers should create the for the students and give them the assignment before the go on summer break. The main reason for that is us as students are not going to be thinking about the prodject at all during the break so it would make it difficult to make the students come up with there own ideas. Plus I feel like the teachers can think of ideas for the prodject better then we can because they know what they want from us and we don't. See the rough part about all of this is the fact that over half of the kids myself included will just put it off until the end of the break or just won't do it all. So therefor if the student's don't do it not only is it going to hurt their grades but it also isn't fair for them because it almost seems like they are forced to do a prodject during there time off from school.

Now this could be a great time as a teacher to see how responsible their student's are becoming. One of the ways you can tell is by seeing if they even started or finished because if they at least started the prodject at least you know that they thought about it or was planning on finnishing it and over time just forgot about it and if you was to finish it it will show the teacher that you're resonsible enough to do that at least. Another way to tell is to see if they remember befor they go on break like you should tell them at least once before class starts and once after class that way it sticks in their head and they don't foget about it before break starts. Not only will this prepare them for the future but it will also teach them how important responsibility is. Responsibility is a huge thing this word means more to some then to others and that's beacause most people look at how responsible you are on your own before they can let you branch out to others. It's honestly just one of those things if you show good responsibility life will become easier as time flies past.

Also another reason allowing students to think of their own prodjects would be a good idea is because it allows you to see exactly how creative they can be if they used their own thoughts and imagination. Because yeah teachers can think of something quick and easy for you to do for the prodject but that doesn't show how creative that student really can be. You never know what type of fun things they can put together for the prodject they could always think of something the teacher would have never thought about and really blow them out of the park with how good they did. This just shows them how responsible you are or can be when you're willing to do the work. Yes I know most kids don't want to be working on a prodject during the summer but if they was to just work and get the prodject over with that will give them the rest of the summer and they won't have to worry about finifhing up that prodject durign their break.

Now back to what I believe schools should do. And that is I believe schools should have the teachers come up with the prodject ideas. The main reason for that is because I am one of those kids that will put something such as a prodject to the edge and just forget about it until school is about to start back up and then I'll remember and try my best to get it done before the first day of school. Yes I know I shouldn't do that and I should just do it to get it over with but that's just not how I work. I am the type like most others who don't want to do anything while im on break especially if we are on summer break because that's the time in my head that I have to myself. So that's why I think the teachers should be responsible for coming up with the ideas not only because we might end up forgetting about it until the last minute but also because we can't just think of something for a prodject right away but the teachers can because they know exactly what they want to hear or see from us. So why not let them think of the Ideas and we just create what we think would be a resonable response.

Now to conclude all this off I just think it would be easier for us as students if our teachers was to hand us a prompt or prodject ideas befor we head out for break rather then us having to go out and find someting to do the prodject on. Plus I feel like it would actually mtivate the students to do the work since they only have to do a bit of research and do the prodject. The way taht I see it is Summer is meant for us to have fun and enjoy ourselves with no school but to add a prodject to do during the break almost feels like our summer is being taken away a bit. Most people such as myself won't do the work or they will but they will wait until it's literaly the last week of break and start working on it and to make it easier on kids like myself I feel like the teachers should think of the ideas and just hand out papers stating exactly what they want and how they want it done.