Air polution, no money, and death, Oh my! Everywhere you go there are going to be cars. One of the most helpful and loving inventions of our time, it gets us from place to place in a short amount of time. But is getting to where you need to go faster really worth it? Money, safety, and protection to our environment all play huge roles when it comes to cars. The population of our world grows every year, which means more cars... Which means more air polution, more deaths, more of spending your money.

Owning a car also comes a lot of things. Money for gas, money for parts that stop working, etc. With gas prices up and down all the time, we find ourselves spending way too much money just to fill up our vehicle. You would be amazed at how much more money you would have if you weren't spending on gas and other things your car needs. It also requires no excercise at all, which is really a disadvantage to our health. Imagine what a simple difference can make. If we all walked or biked to where we needed to go, we're doing something great for our bodies and our environment. Not only is it jeopordizing our health, but our own environment's, too! Every single car and every single drive is polluting our air. Do we really want to end up like Beijing, China? As of now, they are known to be one of the most polluted cities in the world. What about safety? Car crashes are one of the most common deaths. Such as two major factors, texting while drving and driving under the influence. No matter what state you're in, when you get behind that wheel you hold a big responsibility. So is putting your life on the line really worth it?

By limiting car usage, we can make a difference throughout the world. We can lower stress, death rate, air pollution, spendings, and so much more. If ONE day of the Day Without Cars in Columbia made a difference, imagine what a whole year, or years, could make. There are so many better options to get to where you need to go other than cars, such as bikes. So what if you don't get there as fast as you would in a car? The point is, you're still getting there. You're also not putting you and other's lives on the line. Better for the environment, better for others, better for you!                                                                                                    