Facial Action Coding System doesn't seem to bad until there comes a day where you want no one knowing how you're feeling. In the article, the author explains what this technology can do. So far, the article does a job identifying your emotional expressions, "according to some new computer software that can recognize emotions" (D'Alto 1). I am against the value of using this technology to read students thoughts or feelings. There are days when you want your own thougths and feelings kept to yourself, privacy, and as well as being able to learn something new everyday.

There come days when you don't want peope knowing how you're feeling and for some odd technology to just assume your feelings is just not adding up to me. The article shows a picture of the young Mona Lisa sort of smiling. Yes, she doesnt seem to happy, but is she? Only she knows. I dont agree with the computer system judging her feelings. "Shes 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearfull, and 2 percent angry" (D'Alto 1). To me, she looks like she's being forced to smile but like I said, only she knew her feelings while the picture was being taken. I don't believe that should be a thing, no one should be told how they are feeling. If we as humans dont really have a reason to judge, why should technology be able to.

Along with that, the article talks about "a classroom computer could recogize when a student is becoming confused or bored" (D'Alto 1). Recognizing it could allow teachers to change their lessons, due to students being bored. How come? Daily there are students who complain about how boring a class is. No one forces them to come. Students come to school to learn, we don't expect to have fun. If a technology were to let teachers know when students were bored they'd be changing subjects seconds, by seconds. Students in that case, would be happy to act bored just for the sake of it. Less learning would accure if it were for the technology to detect kids who don't care about school who are constantly "bored". No one said school is fun, but neither should a technology detecting students feelings should get in the way of learning.

In the meantime, we have trouble understanding people. To allow a technology to have the power to easily understand thoughts, feelings of us humans is just critical. Allowing a technology to determine your friend's feelings is overrated according to my calculations. "Dr. Huang observes that artists such as da Vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisly enough to convey specific emotions" (D'Alto 1). I don't believe something so ordinary could barge in and make us feel disturbed knowing not someone but something knows the way we're feeling.

Therfore, I am against this value of using this type of technology to read students emotional expressions. I believe there are different types of people in this world. There are days where you don't want to share your feelings to people, so why technology. If we are willing to share our thoughts, we will. Not have something so unusal do that job for us.                                                