Have you ever been faced with a tough decision and didn't know what to do? Have you ever asked different people for advice to help you make your decision? Well I have, and here's why you should too. Seeking multiple opinions can help me make a better decision because of the different perspectives it provides and the new ideas brought to the table that I never would have thought of previously.

The various perspectives different people have on situations can provide me with better choices to make. All of the different things people experience give them multiple opinions on what to do in certain situations. The difference in someone's background on a situation will contribute to a difference in their opinions. For example, if someone has already experienced a similar situation to they one they are being asked about, their background knowledge on the situation will make their opinion more helpful. Seeking out multiple opinions can help me to root out the people who have already experienced something similar to me. This can help me make better decisions because of all the different things they have experienced going into the opinion that they give me. Another reason why seeking multiple opinions can help me make better choices is the different ideals everyone favors. Everyone has certain ideals that they think are the most important factor to consider when making a decision. An example of this is when one person thinks a decision should be made based on facts and logic, while someone else thinks that a decision should be made based on compassion and how it will affect others. This difference in ideals shows a vast difference in opinions, which provides me with a greater variety of opinions when I ask different people for their advice. Getting multiple opinions from people can help me to get a broader range of experiences, background, and ideals going into a decision.

The options that are brought to my attention that I never would have thought of without the help of others are a main reason why seeking out multiple opinions from different people can help me make better decisions. A fairly recent example of this is when I was faced with the decision of what classes to take for my electives in high school. One of my elective spots was already taken up by Spanish class, but I was in between two classes for my second elective. The first class I was considering was choir. The second class I was considering was called introduction to business and marketing. I had no idea what to choose, so I asked my mom, my dad, and my sister what they thought I should take. When I asked my mom, she said that she thought I should take choir because I would already be so stressed with all of my other classes, so I didn't need another challenging class like introduction to business and marketing. My dad said the exact opposite, which is that I should take introduction to business and marketing because he thought choir was a silly class to take. Finally, I asked my older sister what she thought I should do. She said that I should choose choir as my second elective, drop study hall as a class, and take introduction to business and marketing instead. If I hadn't asked my older sister her opinion on the situation, I never would have known that I could take both classes. This story shows just how important it is to get advice from others about what to do in different situations because of the various solutions I can be provided with in the process.

All of the different perspectives and new ideas I am given to apply to situations that I never would have thought of otherwise, shows why asking various people for advice can help me make a better and more productive decision. In the future, I will definitely continue asking different people their opinions in order to make the best choice I can in any given situation.