Most people say that computers and phones are rotting people's brains and can potentially harm people. I think this statement is false, because a lot of people can learn through machines. The way that we have progressed throughout technology has given an opportunity to learn online instead of a classroom. Schools debate about the use of technology, as people are afraid that the computers can hurt developing minds. Meanwhile, some argue and say that machines can help minds, and are using computers to school themselves. I believe that online schooling could be a great tool for students because the students are not restricted to a classroom, they can think creatively on how to solve problems, and give students opportunities to balance their time working and their time at home.

Firstly, computers can help students to learn because they can learn in a non-restrictive environment. The classroom can be enclosing, as students are not allowed to leave the classroom for 90 minutes and are forced to sit and learn. The only time students can leave to do anything is to use the restroom or get a drink of water. Additionally, physical schooling is more restrictive because you can only spend a certain amount of time in class to get things done, students have to wake up super early to get to school, and they could be sleep deprived. Based on a student survey, almost half of students said that they feel tired due to early start times. With online learning, a student can wake up at a healthy time so they can be more productive when learning online. In addition, they can stay at their house where they aren't told where to go all day. Students can also eat, drink, and use the bathroom whenever they please. This shows that we don't really need to use the regular classroom as it is too restrictive for the developing brain. We should use the wonders of online learning so kids can be more productive in their own space. By giving the kids a freedom they can have, they will be more productive and eager to learn through the computer. Ultimately, the freedom to learn from the computer will give kids more sleep and productivity for schoolwork.

Another reason why online schooling is better than physical schooling is students can use technology to creatively solve problems that could be done on paper. While in the classroom, students are subjected to using the paper to finish a certain task, but they are only given one way to solve the problem. If the students cannot solve the problem using the method, they cannot succeed on paper. I had a friend try to learn a concept in math one time and the teacher gave him a method he could not understand. He tried receiving help but he just kept getting confused. He didn't want to use the method his teacher gave him, so he used another method to complete a worksheet the teacher gave to the class. When my friend completed the worksheet his way, the teacher failed him because he didn't use the way that was given to him. He learned what the method was, but he didn't use the method anytime after the class. The example helps the argument that learning strictly from a piece of paper doesn't give the required materials for every student. When the student can learn a concept their own way, more students have a likely way to pass the class or tests to come. Using the internet can open a path for others to use the internet to learn about new concepts in their own way of learning. Some people can say that learning yourself will make students less obligated to learn, but that's not true. People who don't learn through computers can print out papers of concepts, and learn from the papers. In conclusion, learning from a computer can give access to personalized learning, which can have every child understand a ton of concepts better.

The final reason is that students can learn how to effectively manage their time for school and for play at home. There is a huge risk factor for doing online schooling, and that is the reason of time management. People are paranoid and feel like they cannot finish their work on time if they use online schooling instead of physical schooling. Unfortunately, that isn't the case. One of my friends was taking a lot of high level classes, and it made him stressed about his time. Because he was in classes that took a lot of work and time, he couldn't figure out how to manage his time outside of school. He always didn't know how to do it, and I could not help him. He wasn't happy with his results with how his classes gave him so much homework in so little amount of time to do it, he ended up failing the classes. This example shows how a lot of classes can put a lot of homework and stress on you, but it doesn't teach you about how to actually manage throughout all the homework and classwork. With online, you can learn how to manage effectively because you aren't confined to a classroom and you don't have to worry about all the stuff going too fast. You can manage your time with the computer to dedicate however much time you need to the classes and you can plan out how to do your homework.

I believe that the learning through computers has people learn through their own places, it mixes different learning styles, and it helps you learn more skills that physical learning does. The computers help in many aspects of learning, and prepares more students for life in today's changing world. With the creative thinking being pushed in our world, we find that online helps that creativity in people. The ways our schooling system can help us is to give us a system widely used today and keep developing other people's minds and form them to strive for greater in this world. In conclusion, online schooling can change the way we think about problems and help strengthen our minds for the future. 