Long ago, the electoral college was established by the founding father in the Constitution as a compromise between electing a president by a vote in Congress, or an election by popular vote. Years later the result of keeping the Electoral College remains, and it must be changed. "The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational." is a perfect way to describe the matter through Bradord Plumer's words in his article:

Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

. There must to be change, an election by popular vote for our next President of the United States is what our country needs.

First and foremost, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Candidates don't spend time, or money in states they know will have no chance of winning. In the election of the year 2000, seventeen states did not see the candidates at all. Voters in 25 of the largest media markets did not see a single campaign ad. Leaving the decision to people living in the big states candidates work hard to persuade such as Ohio. It is completely unfair knowing that not all U.S. states are receiving the same information, attention and opportunities as others during an election.

It is sad to know that there has been no change from the time our founding fathers were alive until now between the manner of electing a president. The electoral college is outdated, an "anachronism," says Richard A. Posner in his article,

Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President

Others may argue that this is how our nation should be, just as it is right now, but those who say that are those who are afraid of change, those who are blinded by the wrongdoings of the electoral college.

Last, but not least the electoral college is irrational. Plumer says it best writing: "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the presiden." Anyone who disagrees that is irrational is wrong. Not only that, but there has been occasions in which electors have not voted for their party's candidate. Most importantly, electoral college method of selecting a president turns off potential voters that know they have no hope of carrying their state as well.

Without a doubt should there be a change to elect a president and vice president by popular vote. The electoral college brings nothing but unfairness, and irrationality to our country. "Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." (Plumer, 2) Many other well known Americans such as Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter and Bob Dole also agree on abolishing the electoral college as well. Those who favor against the system override those against change, and that must be the manner in which our next leaders will be elected. There must be change, U.S. citizens have endured the electoral college system for far too long.    