Not everyone has transportation, oh so it seems.

I disagree with "

All students must participate in sports work, or the year book

". Because a lot of people are are busy after school. They to look after a little siblings, like me i have to look after my little sister. All the time after school and go to school the very next day. I get stress and busy and end up not being able to do after school activities like i want to do. There would be no space for me to, i have a very busy schedule. looking after my sibling is a full time job.

Firstly, People dont want to do things after school. If everyone did, then it would be over flowing with people. No-one would focus on the task ahead. If i were them i would just talk to my friends and nothing would get done. The classroom would be really hard to manage if everyone was there. Would there be specific grades doing this at a time or is it really everyone. I dont think who every in charge can manage that. Theres way to many kids in the school to split everyone up accordingly. For example, what if some wanted to do group project for the yearbook, the other didnt. how would they be split up if one group is to small. Some people just dont like all the commotion

Secondly, some kids dont have transportation. For them to get home they cant just walk home either. So how are they gonna get home, if theres no transportation provided. also, how would people get home if there parents are at work. Do they just stay there forever and ever. if they do stay there for how ever long where would they wait in the school?

if they stay outside they would freeze because its really cold. For example, What if someone parent said they were coming but didnt at the end. How would they person go home if there ride canceled. The buses are gonna be gone and home by the time the activities are over.

Overall, i disagree with the whole situation not everyone can do after school or sports. Because there busy and some people just dont like it, Trasportation the biggest deal though beacuse anything can happend your ride can be canceled in a matter of secounds.         