Dear Principal,

I believe that "Policy 1: Allow students to bring phones to school and use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as the phones are turned off during class time." is a better policy to pick than "Policy 2: Do not allow students to have phones at school at all.". Policy 1 is better than policy 2 because if a students needs to call a parent they can, if something happens and that student is needed immediately, and to see if the student missed something when they were absent.

If a students needs to call a parent because they need something from home it would be easier to call them at lunch time or during their free time. They could then deliver it to the school without any problem. If Policy 2 were in action they would have to eat quickly and then go to the office to call and by the time the parents arrives the bell for the period they needed from the parents might have already started. Another reason why they should is if they need to ask the parent about something that was happening later they could know instead of wandering around the school after hours wondering what to do. The student might need to know whether their parent was going to pick them up or if they needed to walk home. In addition, the student might need to tell the parents something that they forgot such as a club after school. If policy 2 was the rule then they would not be able to tell them and the parents might worried wondering where their child is.

Policy 1 is also better than policy 2 because if something happens to the student or parent, the parents would be able to contact them directly and not waste time. The student would be able to call the parents if they felt sick instead of having to go the nurse's office, checking if they were sick, and then called the parent. The student's parents might not recognize the phone number and could not pick up leaving their child at school- sick. This could result in the student getting worse, or them passing out during school all because the parent did pick up his/her phone because he/she did not know the number. Another reason for having policy 1 is if something happened to the parent they would be able to contact their child directly instead of having to find the school. After finding the school, they would have to call the number and that would take additional time that was not needed to be used. Also, if an early dismissal were to happen the student would need to contact the parent to pick them up. It would be easier to call them up during their lunch period than to have to wait after school to ask.

In addition the student that was absent could call a friend during their lunch time or free time to ask what they missed that day during school. This would be easier instead of having their friend come over to their house. If the student's friend would to do this they could ask be exposed to the virus that the student had or could waste their time because they could have called them. Another reason is that if their friend were sick they could also call them to see what they were missing and could answer their questions for them about the lesson.

Also, they could tell them what happened during school or check up to see if they were feeling better.

Evidently, policy 1 is better than policy 2 because if a student needs something from their parent they could call them, if something happens to the parent they could directly call them, or the student could see what they missed. For all these reasons, I believe that policy 1 should be picked to replace our rule about cell phones in school.

Your Student,

STUDENT_NAME      