Driverless cars are a thing of the future. Maybe even the near future. Since 2009, certain people have been testing driverless cars. Except, they aren't quite there yet. The cars still require human assitstance in difficult situations that the driver can't handle. But is it a good idea? Can we rely on computers to do something that can be dangerous? The answer is no.

Humans have faults. So do computers. A computers doesn't have the traits it needs to be able to drive someone. Not to mention, the whole process of making an almost driverless car is expensive. There simply isn't enough money to manufacter that many cars to drag people around.

Another issue is the driving itself. The cars they are testing today do not have certain abilities that humans do, such as parking, driving in difficult traffic, or going around accidents. Of curse they have sensors to alert the driver. But how alert will they be? A car can drive itself for most of the time, so why pay attention? It could be very dangerous if the human at the wheel isn't alert. Accidents will be prone to happen, and there may even be more accidents than we have now.

A present problem that is also important is traffic law. Trafic laws are written to make the assumption that a safe human driver is in control at all times and is keeping themselves and the pasengers safe. Places such as California, Nevada, florida, and the District of Colombia even outlawed the testing of computer driven cars. This proves as a giant red flag of if we should have computer driven cars or not. The manufacturers assume the laws will be changed in the future. But if there is an accident, is the driver or creator of fault? The creator of course. There's no doubt that in advertising the car, the manufacturers promised safety and reliability. But that didn't happen, and the driver wasn't at fault. It was the computer for not doing what it was supposed to do.

In conclusion, driverless cars controlled by computers is a bad idea. It is expensive, dangerous, unreliable, and shouldn't be tested for.       