In today's modern world, there has been technological advancements that have made attending classes from home both beneficial and effective, by the use of online programs or video conferencing. Students would benefit greatly from being able to attend classes from home because it would give students who are ill and unable to attend school due to their sickness an opportunity to continue their education, there are less distractions at home, and it allows students to learn at their own pace.

Students who are ill and have to be hospitalized or on bed rest for an extended period of time, often are unable to continue most of the activities they may have been able to do prior to their sickness. By having online school, it would open a door for these students to be able to continue their education and not have to put their life on hold because of their conditions. I personally know what it is like to observe someone who had to stop attending his regular classes at school and switch to online classes, due to cancer. My cousin Generic_Name, was diagnosed with brain cancer when he was around the age of 12, and had to refrain from attending his local school, due to how severe his conditions became. Generic_Name was someone who loved school and had big dreams of becoming an engineer. However, his sickness did not stop him from persuing this life long goal; instead, he enrolled in online courses with his school and continued to take the classes he loved and made his time in the hospital feel like it was going by much faster. Online school will benefit ill students by improving their mental health, keeping them on track with graduation, and keep their mind off any treatment they are going through at the time.

Disractions are something that make it difficult for a student to learn, and often take them off task as to what they are supposed to be doing. I have experienced this in many of my classes over the years. For example, In my math class I sit next to my teachers desk, and there are a few students who come in during notes from previous blocks to try and understand the concept better. However, they whisper and chat during notes and it becomes difficult for me to direct my attention at the board. My attention becomes directed to what they are saying and I lose track of what was going on in the lesson being taught to me. This is a frequently occurring situation and after discussing it with other students who sit near by, they agreed it was distracting to them as well. To avoid situations like that, online school is a perfect solution. It provides students the option to choose where they want their learning enviornment to be and who they put themselves around. At home, students have the full individed attention of their teacher, which allows for them to ask questions and get one-on-one explanations of topics they may be confused on.

Often, teachers go at their own pace of teaching and do not take into consideration if each student is retaining the information at the pace they are teaching. In some cases, the teacher is going too slow and the information has then become boring to the students, and in others, the teacher is going too fast and the information has become jumbled and confusing to the students. However, this issue can be avoided by switching or starting out with online school. This gives students the chance to choose how long they spend each day learning a certain topic, and allows for them enough time to retain the information properly. Online school also allows for flexibility in a student's schedule by choosing when you start and stop your lessons each day, and how many hours each week a student chooses to complete.

However, choosing to attend online school will not guarantee a distraction free zone, instead it will just allow students to work in an area of their choosing and at their own pace. By letting online students work at their own pace, it could cause them to fall behind in their work each week if they choose to not participate in their daily lessons. Some students lack motivation and will choose to not do their daily tasks, which could result in graduating late or having to do classes over the summer. Each student who attends online school should make sure they are responsible for being on top of their work each day, especially since there is no teacher to physically remind them to turn in assignments.

Overall, students will benefit more from online school than they would by attending in-person classes. In society today, technology plays a significant role and is used in student's everyday lives. By having online classes, it would allow students to become more familiar with online programs and not rely so much on a teacher to physically be there to teach a lesson. Video conferencing is a creative way of learning and gives students the one-on-one attention that they would not get in a classroom. Online school is an innovative and interactive way of learning and would benefit ill students who are unable to attend class due to their sickness, provide a comfortable and less distractive learning enviornment, and allow students to work at their own pace. 