Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I think your choice of considering on changing the school policy is the right thing to do at this point and time of the year. Students shouldn't be participating in sports if they're grades aren't where its expected to be. We should use this policy because it would only help us in the long run. We climb our way up to college by thinking about the importance of our education first and then we get to participate in sports and have the potential to fulfill one's dreams. I'm totally in favor of with this policy, and it wouldn't make sense if someone is not performing as well in the classroom and then gets to play in the court. If you like to show your personals in the court and love to play the game, then just work hard and be nice out of the court. Sometimes I just look at it like this: do I really think that I would make it far in life if I don't work hard at the beginning of my journey. And then old people just tell us stories about that they regret going to this school or they regret hanging out with this group. Something my father always told me was that "we can't change the world unless we change ourselves". That always stuck with me when I am on the court and out of the court. Having at least a B on your grade is very significant towards your career and character. Your grades are most important, it's what takes you to the place you want to be which is not telling stories of how it was back in the days. In addition, if the policy isn't made, it can be taken advantage of. Kids with low grades can keep performing at a unintelligent rate which can take you on a path that doesn't take you to college or doesn't take you to the sport that you love to play. Imagine life in school where you can participate in any activity and your grade doesn't matter or depend on if you can join or not. Life wouldn't be fair. And it isn't common to find students that are great in the court and out the court, but that's the problem with students nowadays: we don't challenge ourselves and overcome obstacles that are possible to overcome. My concluding point is that we should consider on beholding this policy and use it to build character in the court and outside the court.