The electoral college is such a complex process, dealing with a slate of senetors and presidents, why not replace it with the popular vote system? The people of the country do so much to advocate living in freedom and in peace. The people should have the right to vote for who their leader is and not have to go through such a process. They should have their way of deciding who will rule them and the rest of the country.

Of course the electoral college will have its advantages, they chose what happens even though the people are still voting. Maybe they think they know what will benefit the country in each leader. Popular vite would make the people happier and the country as a whole a happier place. If the people knew they had the responsibility of chosing a leader, and their leader is chosen, we wouldnt have to worry about the dispute over who should or should not have been the leader. Candidates will put information out on their plan to a better country, and the people will take into consideration on who they want as their leader. Once they come down to the bestg leader made out by the info given, they will have the right to vote.

In source number 3, it clearly states that using the elector college, its the electors who are actually chosing the president rather then the people and that your not actually voting for a president, but for a slate of electors. Thats not what the people want. What they want is to have the right to directly vote for who they want to guide them and the country! Also, it is not equally fair for small states, for they do not get as much attention as larger states. What does size have to do with deciding who you want as your presdient? America is all about equality and this does not show equality. This statement is from source 3 as well.

Electoral college can also get very confusing for the people. In source 2, its talks about how if the people were to try and vote for a democratic president, they are actually voting for a slate of democratric electors. It also says that the slate of the type of partys electors you voted for hoping they would chose the president you wanted, dont always do that. Sometimes the people even get confused about the electors and accidently vote for the wrong candidate. In honest remark, the electoral college process is al jumbled up and not organized properly in the peoples favor.                    