Dear Principal,

I believe that Policy #1 would be a better policy for students. I know cell phones can be a bad thing if student use them during classes, but letting them use them during their lunch and free periods sounds great. I think using them during those periods don't bother teachers because they can't really do anything to get them selves in trouble.

Their are pros and cons to this policy as there are for basically any policy. The cons are people's phones can get lost or stolen. Some pros are student can call one another if they need help on an assignment, call their parents if there is an emergency and students just love their phone. Kids spend a lot of their time with or on their phones.

Going with Policy #1 would also make a lot of other students happy, and maybe even some teachers. It's like a compromise between the students, who want to use their phones and the teacher, who don't. It might even lessen they amount of students who use their phones during classes because they know they can just wait till lunch or their free period to text of call their friend back. It can also be a problem if a student were to try and contact their friend during class, but all in all it really sounds like a good plan for a school fullof teenagers who can't live without their phones.

Say there was a man who came into your school and was going to do something bad, you would have your phone and be able to call for help, plus in College the students are aloud to use their cell phone, just not during class. This policy could be like getting the students accustom to how things are in College, and sort of teach them the responsibility of turning off their phone when they are somewhere with other people listening to a speaker or presentation.

It would be nice for students to have some freedom like this, and I think the students would really appreciate something like this. I know I would just love to be able to call my mom and talk about my day so far. or if I left something important at home and ask her if she could come bring it to me, or even ask her for a ride home. It'd be just a great thing to be able to do, if you would be as kind enough to let us be able to use our phones during lunch and off periods, we'd love it.

Thank you,

STUDENT_NAME