In the artical the author talks about driveless cars I belive this is a great idea. i belive with this there will be less car crashes and make the road a safer place all together. i have many resones why. including backup from the article.

I belive the car would be able to drive better then some people. in 2009 a google car was drivin more then half a million miles without a crash. The car will have a sensor the sensor has become advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers. they also can cause the car to apply breaks on individule weelsand reduce power from the engine,allowing far better response and control than a human driver could mange alone. To make things more safe you are to be alert at all times its like going for a drive and relaxing but you know if you ever feel unsafe you can take over.

The cars are developing so fast not only google is making one as other car companys such as mercedes benz, audi, and nissan are putting in effort to make one by 2020. Most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passagers, and pedestrians safe, and law enforcement know that the best way to get that is with an alert driver. the nlaw questions how they are going to get around the car such as if an axident happens. Who is reliable the driver or the maurfacture? even if traffic laws change new laws will need to be made in order to work with the cars. I belive if the car will make everyone more safe then it is worth it.

In the new cars drivers need to be aware as if anything goes wrond with the drive they are there to take over. why would anyone want a driveless car that still needs a driver? Wouldent it get boring waiting for your turn to drive? i dont think so if it makes the roads safer then noting should be to much of a hassel.

in the artricle 'the psychological aspects of automation are really a challange." says Dr. Werner Huber. So the BMV is trying to make it more fun. The maurfatuers are trying to do it by bringing in car entertainment maybe tv. To keep things safe the entertainment would turn off as soon as the driver needs to take over.

In conclution I belive cars that drive themselfs will be more safe and effective on the road. As people can use their time for other things while in a car. driveless cars will be smart and less of a hassel then cars today. They will use less fuel and make people happier.