I think that the projects should be student-designed because when they choose a project they would already know what to do, they wouldn't make it hard, and they can do it on their own time.

I think when the kids get to chose there own projects they would have to think about what their going to do. Some kids would already know what they want to do and go ahead and start it. Some of them will have to think for a little bit to figure out what their going to do. Some of the kids would probably not even do it at all because their to lazy. Most of the kids would probably finish it early so they wont have to worry about it later.

When kids do projects that the teachers gives them most of the time their hard to do and hard to understand. So when the kids get to choose they wont make it that hard and they would make it to where they can understand it. They would make it to where they can actually do it and get it done before the due date. If the kids get to choose what they want to do for the project then they probably would want to do it. The kids could finish the project if they already know what their going to do for it.

If the kids choose what to do for the project then they would be able to do it whenever they have time as long as its before the due date. If the kids are busy then they wont be able to do the project until they get done doing what their doing. As long as they do the project before the due date then they will fine and they wont get in trouble. If they get to do it whenever they want to they will be able to go out and do what they want before they have to finish and turn the project in. Most kids will probably forget that they have to do a project and have to do it at the last minute and it wont be as good.

In conlusion, I think that the students should choose what they want to do for the projects instead of having the teachers choose because if the students pick they would already know what to do and go ahead and start it, they wouldnt make it hard, and they can also do it on their own time. 