The Face in Cydonia on Mars is merely a natural landform because if NASA has proof that The Face was created by aliens, the evidence would surely be shared with the world. Also, the Face is similar to several types of landforms on the Earth, and NASA has photographic evidence that the Face was not formed by aliens.

As mentioned in paragraph 5 of "Unmasking the Face on Mars," the Face has "become a pop icon." Because the Face has "appeared in books, magazines, (and) radio talk shows," people have become brainwashed into believing that the Face on the planet Mars was created by alien forces. People claim that NASA is hiding the evidence revealing that the Face is actually made by aliens. However, "defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars." Not only would the proof of aliens bring in an abundance of excitement for Mars, but it would also gain NASA a great deal more of revenue. NASA

is not hiding any form of evidence towards alien-life on Mars, and the Face may not have anything special about it besides the fact that it looks "like an Egyptian Pharaoh."

The Face on Mars is extremely similar to several landforms found on the Earth. As explained in paragraph 12, the Face is similar in design to "a butte or mesa," which are "landforms common around the American West." Jim Garvin, chief scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program, notes that the Face reminds him of "'the Snake River Plain of Idaho.'" In the Snake River Plain, there is a "'lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face.'" This is evidence to support that the Face is no different from any other natural landform, and that people have no reason for speculation against that idea. Another big reason to believe this claim is because professional scientists have pictures for evidence against aliens.

Scientists at NASA have photographic evidence against the claim that the Face is alien-made. People who claim that the Face was created by aliens will state that the photograph taken in April of 1998 was not enough proof of the Face being a natural landform. As stated in paragraph 8, the photographers "had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face" because "it was winter." This means that any proof of aliens could have easily been hidden by the haze covering Mars. So, in April 2001, a better picture was captured. In paragraph 10, it is mentioned that this time the photograph was taken on "a cloudless summer day in Cydonia" and that the evidence showed up with "absolute maximum resolution." This picture, in its high quality, proved that the Face truly was nothing more than a natural landform on Mars.

If NASA had any proof that aliens had caused the Face to appear, the evidence would surely be shared. The Face is close in size and design to a landform in Idaho, and NASA has photographic evidence that there are no signs of aliens anywher near Cydonia. Because of these reasons, one can clearly see that the Face on Mars is a natural landform. 