Talking to more than one person for ideas or advice is very helpful for many reasons. It may help you understand different sides of an argument for example. Or you may even get more, or different information from different people. Everybody thinks differently, and the more people you question on a subject the more unique answers or ideas you would get. That is why I would think talking to more people for advice or for any subject, is better than only talking to one person, or no one at all.

A big reason I personally, and from experience think getting more opinions on is when you get into an argument. Not all arguments are about settling an aggravated dispute. Some arguments begin by at least one person disagreeing with another persons idea. This is not a bad thing. If you were in an argument and you thought you were right about something, ask a friend or somebody what they think. They may prove your side of the story, or they may even change your mind and explain why you were wrong. Doing this can be a good way to understand whole different sides of stories that you may not have even considered.

Another reason for talking to a lot of people for something is to get ideas. Businesses do this all the time to invent new products. A bunch of people may get together and decide they wanted to make a new brand of car. Instead of one person thinking about the idea, everybody in the business may suggest something like what to call the car,how wide the car should be,how many they should make, or where they should sell the new car. The more brains and perspectives you have, the more you can accomplish.

The final reason to ask people for their opinions is to gain information or techniques. If you were trying to grow a garden and all of your plants were dying, it would be smart to ask a farmer what to do. Or even go online and look up the reason all of your plants were dying. You could even find out that you were watering your plants to much, or that the plant you were trying to grow needed shade. Even learning techniques from another person would be an excellent idea. If you need help with something there is also people around to question or get information from.

If you put everything together, asking people for help or for advice is a very good option. It can help you in so many ways, such as being in a business or growing a garden. As a plus their is not a lot of downsides to asking for help. This will help you settle arguments or gain information.                                    