I agree with the deision of the principal. I think that the students should do something that benefits them or the school. Things like playing a team sport can help in many ways. For example you get exposed to new people from your school you may have never talked to, and even kids from schools you dont even go to. And if the kid becomes very good at the sport they are playing then they can get recognized by colleges.

If the kid were to join the student council they get experience on being a leader for a group of people, they would have to make decisions for themselves and others, and get the experience they need to help them succeed in the real world. These are all important skils that I think each person sould have some experience with.

If the kid wanted to work on the yearbook they would learn about photography. This gives the kid a chance to go around the school and talk to some of the teachers, and students. They get to take pictures and dont have to sit in their classrooms for as long as their classmates. They get to see their friends, and learn about the art of photgraphy which can open doors for jobs in the future.

I think these activities arent just to make it so the student has something to do with tht hour or hour and a half of their day. I think these activities are extra chances given to us to help prepar for the future. And give us the skills needed to succeed, like working with others, and being a leader. These skills may not be offered agian in the future so I would suggest taking advantage of what you have been given. But these activities arent just done to help make your future a little brighter. Than done to help make the youth of the person playing these sports, oo on the council more enjoyable for them. To help them have fun and spend time with the people they enjoy. This can create memorys that peoplle want to keep because of the way they make a person feel. So choose wisely when picking the activities, make sure its oone that you know you will enjoy.  