A future with driverless cars can have many mixed feelings. Driverless cars could help solve many issues, but in the same way cause just as many problems. Many companies have been working on driverless cars now for years, but none have a definate answer to a car without any help and opperational needs by humans. Not having a fully driverless car already can represent the struggle, and challenge of creating a driverless car in this era. So i believe that the creation of a driverless car is a waste. They can be dangerous on the streets, cost lots of money, and have no real need in this day and age.

Driverless cars have already been proven to be dangerous on the streets. Companies have not yet come up with the technology for a car that can self-drive; the self-driving cars need a person on the wheel for emegergencies. Also, these cars can brake, steer and move on there own but need the assistance of a human when challenges come in the way. They need special help, and require the driver who is already at the wheel to take over and navigate through work zones and accidents. Having a "driverless car" but with a driver in the driver's seat, with his hands already on the wheel, but not driving makes it reduntant. Why waste that effort if a driver is already in the current position to drive.

If companies are putting all this effort into driverless cars, why cant they put the same effort and money into a real world issue? A nice, new car can cost a whole lot of money, and at a low can run upto 25,000 dollars. So a nice, new car that would drive itslef would run upto even much more money than that. We already have nice cars that we can drive oursleves around in, and with no problem at all. We shouldnt be focused on making cars that would make us Americans even lazier by not having to drive them. Companies should instead put this money to helping find the cure for cancer, or fighting against poverty and homelessness in America or other countires. Better things could be done with this money, instead of trying to make Americans even lazier.

A car that can drive itself has no real need in todays age, people drive themsleves fine everyday around the world without a problem. Some might say that having a driverless car is beneficial by having the car drive you somewhere, but then go back home for another family member to use. That isnt a real need, because almost everyone has a car nowadays anyway. Also, you need to have your hands on the sterring wheel while the car drives so its really not an option. What if the car didnt need your hands on the wheel while driving? Well say something harzardous did happen on its way home or a car crash, and the car needed to alert the driver to take over. The driver wouldnt be present, and the car would shut down and not make it to its destination.

Driverless cars are meant to sound fun, while having fun riding in one. Instead, they can infact be a waste of time, all in determination to find a new product for consumers to buy. They can even be a burden to opperate in; adults and young adults learn how to opperate and safely drive a car, but they would need a new curriculum to teach how to opperate a driverless car. They would need to show what to do during your ride in a driverless car versus what not to do. There is even the possiblilty of needing a different license, and test to be able to opperate a driverless car. So why go through all this hassel, and complexity for somwthing new, when we already have a fully functional car now that fullfils our needs.