Dear Mr. Senator:

The Electoral College has been around for quite some time. It has aided us in the election of the president for years. Is it truly fair though? Are the right votes being expressed? Whilst the Electoral College has a history for determining and appointing the president, I believe that it is not quite fair as it doesn't use the direct votes of the people, the slate of electors have the ability to defy the will of the people, and the voting system just isn't fair.

To start off, in this system of voting, the actual votes of the people aren't used. The people vote for a slate of electors who in turn vote for the president. These electors can be appointed by state conventions, the state party's central committee, or even the presidential canidates themselves. These electors may be chosen and then paid to vote for a certain canidate and therefore swinging their decision to an obvious bias. This is quite troubling as when it comes down to the actual counted vote, it really isn't the will of the people as a whole, it's the will of those few electors who have the ability to vote for the other canidate rather than the one they are chosen to vote for.

That being said,

the electors that are chosen may have been chosen for a certain canidate, but are payed off to vote for the other. Though this is unlawful, it is a possibility. The people vote for these people rather than the president themselves, so the decision rests on this slate of electors. Should they change their mind on who they want to vote, or should they be paid in someway, they could defy the will of the greater people who have voted for them.

Having established that it is not the actual vote of the people, but a slate of electors electing the president, the number of actual votes do not go towards the president. Though a canidate may have the highest number of popular votes, if they do not have the highest number of electorial votes, they are not going to win. I believe this isn't right as the votes for the president should come directly from the poeple. If a canidate has the highest amount of popular votes, I believe that canidate is the one that should be appointed president because it is the greater people that favour them.

In closing, I believe that the of the Ellectoral College should be abolished as it isn't the vote of the poeple being used, the slate of electors always has the ability to defy the greater will of the people, and the over all system just isn't fair. There are many kinks to this process that I believe direct voting will take care of. I acknowledge that such a transition would be quite the lengthy process, but I would like to see the change happen. Wouldn't you like to see the actual voice of the people expressed?

Thank you for your time and I truly hope you take my words into concideration,

PROPER_NAME                    