The electoral college is our countries way of voting, but we need to change that and what i mean by that is that i think we need to have our voting system on the peoples popular vote, for many reasons first off, easy to comprehend you dont have to be nervous and accedently vote on someone different you can obviously see who your voting on. secondly, president can win just by popular vote and not worry about the electoral college votes.

To start off, the electoral college is confusing when i first learned about it i could barely understand, but when your voting on a president you dont have to worry about voting on the wrong person because you vote and your states vote is different. also when you vote by poular vote you chboose who you want to be president and not worrying about your states vote. also theyr'e aren't any hassels involved like understanding how the electoral college works. also the vote that you cast can not be who you wanted due to the elctoral college because you cast a vote on the electors and they vote which isn't fair to the people because they could vote for someone toltally different then what you wanted.

In addition, the nominees for president now can get popular vote and still loose which isn't fair to the people and the nominee because he can get tricked and the people do to which is cruel. also if if i was a nominee i would wrather win by a popular vote becacuse it means the people get to vote for who they wanted instead of a elector and it means the people really wanted me as a president so it shows that they wanted me and that i win by there election vote. now instead of that we have a system to where i could be running and get popular vote and loose which is cruel and unright to the people cause it means they wanted me.

To conclude, the elctoral college is our countries way of voting but i would wrather have the president win by popular vote because first, easy to comprehend and you get who you wanted to vote for. secondly, you dont have to worry about winning popular vote then loose cause you didn't win electoral vote.         