The sister planet to Earth, and occansionally the planet closest to humans in general, Venus. Most planetary scienist have all thought about what it would take to send a human up into outer space and set for on one of the roughest terrains in all of the solar system. The author of, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", knows that though exploring the dangerous planet is astronomical to think about, more people should start learning that it's a worthy pursuit. The author thinks it's worthy, because Venus is very similar to Earth is many different ways, it's the planet closes to us, the rough conditions are just small roadblocks in the eyes of an infinite space, and he also says that if people can't make it to a planet so close to Earth there's no hope to explore any of the other planets. The author supports his idea well, because of how many alternative solutions he has to the problems he's faced with.

Firstly, he starts out with the statement that Earth and Venus are some of the two most similar planets. They're similar because of the shape and size, which line up nearly perfectly with Earth's. The density is close together, and it has similar face and structural features, like moutains and revenes. The artical states that, "Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." The similarity between these two neighboring planets makes it all the more worthwhile to see when NASA finally reveals what is there.

Secondly the author says that, though the conditions are more difficult than anything they've ever experienced before, scientists are making new and improved machinery every day. So far, no shuttle has been able to stay on the planet for too long, but the sooner there's advancements made towards putting more things on Venus, the better off they will be. The newer technology tends to be more fragile with it's highly advanced computer parts, ut if the new doesn' work there's always a chance to go back to the old. Matic computers would work better in harsh conditions than a MacBook Pro, which requires charging and optimal temperatures. The article says that, "...simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos on Venus's surface and have lasted three weeks in such conditions. Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers." Bringing back or creating new ideas is the key to getting near, or on, the destructive planet without losing lives or money.

Finally, the author takes into thorough consideration that the temperatures and brutal lack of livable substance on the planet, but he realizes that it's more important that we find a way to observe and explore it. If science can't find a way to make it to Venus, the close, neighboring, sister planet, it may be impossible for them to make it to any other place in the galaxy. Rough terrain in everywhere in the solar system, and it can go from one extreme to another and scientist need to know how to navigate that.

In conclusion, the author of the passage, "the Challenge of Exploring Venus", supports his idea to do whatever it takes to explore the planet Venus well. He has many different points on what would work best, and how to do it in the most efficient way possible. From the simple similarities of Earth and Venus, to the core reason everyone should want to space travel in the first place. He supports his claims well, because of the good solutions he has to the issues that arise. 