Although you may think of your car as a necessity, there are many advantages to not being behind the wheel. Greenhouse gas emisions would decrease and promote alternative tansportaion are amoung those many.

As the majority of people learned in grade school, greenhouse gases aren't such a great thing and are even destroying the planet. Stepping away from your car could decrease the amount of these deadly gases we put into our atmosphere. in the first article Rosenthal says "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emmision in Europe, and up to 50 in some car-intensive areas in the United States." If the output is really that high and we stop using cars as much imagine the impact it could have if this happened world wide. in the second article Duffer was talking about how Paris had to ban cars because the smog, an effect of greenhouse gases, was too thick. towards the end he said that a few days of the car ban reduced the amount enough to where they could lift the ban. the smog was said to rival China's, and you see that on the news constantly so if only a few days made it significantly better then why can't we try it out?

Promoting alternative transportation could help local economies rise, and lower stress levels. "It's a good oportunity to take away stress and lower air polution" sais a business man participating in Bogata's car-free day. Participants in these events claim that they relieve stress and most people can see why, it's very hard to avoid stressful situations when you're driving. Whether it's the guy who cut you off or a slow old lady there is always something that will grind your gears. the executive chairman of the Ford company said that "in cities where vehicle ownership is impractical or undesirable they would be able to create a network that would save time, conserve resources, lower emisions, and improve safety." If there are other sources of transportation available, why not take advantage of them?

Lowering our usage of cars we could keep our planet in good condition by reducing the amount of greenhouse gases and promoting alternative forms of trasportation which has benifits within itself. If there are other options the only problem I see is that you can't pick what radio station is on.    