There are many advantages to limiting car usage

.

Even though cars are becoming more advanced for using as little fossil fuels and energy as possible we should try not to use them as often as we do. Cars are not as needed as we make them out to be there are a lot more types of transportation that we can choose from for example a train, a taxi, or a bicycle.

To begin with, out of all the good cars do for us they also do some harm by polluting the atmosphere and the Earth. Passenger cars are responsible for greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and some areas in the United States as cited in source 1. Long term car usage causes smog which happened in the capital of France which caused car traffic to go down 60 percent which is found in source 2. Cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions as found in source 2.

Now that technology has advanced there's not much need to drive to places to communicate with friends and family or do other activities. You can communicate with people through all types of social media which keeps you from having to waste gas to drive to the houses of your friends or family members. Cell phones and other electronics can now be used to pay bills or any other charges that need to be paid for and keep you from leaving the house. There's many apps for car-pooling that has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements and include the evolution of shared van services for getting to work as found in source 4.

All the new types of transportation that are available now a days make it unnecessary to drive your car everywhere. In major cities there are various train stations or bus stops you can catch a ride on which helps reduce rush hour as found in source 3. Since the mid-1990s an improvement campaign began in Bogota which ended with the construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths where people ride through and have a day made specifically for it which is cited in source 3. In Vauban people walk because stores are placed a walk away, or on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway as found in source 1.

To summarize it all up there's many more ways of transportation that help keep the environment safe and help limit driving for example riding a bicycle, walking, and taking a train or bus. These are only a small amount of choices and there are many more to choose from so why not limit driving cars and do one of these other choices to help the environment and ourselves.         