Most students would love the idea of being able to learn and be at home while doing it. I do think that students would benefit from doing online schooling instead of going to school everyday. One reason i agree with i distance learning is because you can wake up at a time you would like to and be able to do school at your own pace. Not having to wake up at a certain time to make sure that you can catch the bus or make it to school on time without getting a tardy or an unexcused pass for being late to school. Another reason is the passing and graduating rate would go up because children would be in their own space and wouldn't be told what to do or when to do it.

The reason why most kids do not come to school today is because they feel as if school starts to early and they dont get enough sleep. And the result of that is not being able to focus in class and and causing them to fall asleep in class. Studies have shown that the brain doesn't start to fully function until ten o'clock in the morning,most teenagers do not go to sleep until one or two o'clock in the morning. So when they have to wake up at five o'clock or maybe even four in the morning to catch the bus they wont go. Which causes them to miss important work and classes that they need to graduate.

As a teenagers,they tend to have a lot put on them at a young age. Most of them have jobs or have to look after somebody at home. That isn't including the homework and projects that they get from teachers .Working as a teenager and being a full time student can be hard because you have to balance the two of them. For example if a teen has to look after their sick grandmother because that once was their caregiver they should not have to leave home just to come to school when they can stay home and still learn the same thing they would if they were in school.

More schools should offer online schooling,or maybe even just trying it out to see how many students would actually use it and see if that makes a change in that system. I think most kids would appreciate the fact that people think about them and how they have other stuff going on in their life. Kids would be happier,the grades would appear better and it would relive a lot of stress for not only the kids but the teachers also. Because the teachers have to wake up earlier than the kids do just to be at school and teach when they can be in the own comfort of their home but still teaching. It would help a lot of people and would not cause them to drop out.

Online schooling could also be a bad thing,because most kids stay at home all day and do nothing already. So having them stay home for school could be making it worse. Having them up everyday for school is not only getting them out the house but getting them active as well. Mostly all teenagers are on their phone, in front of the television or playing video games as soon as they get home up until they go to bed. So having them going to school and not being able to have their phones in school is a good thing.

In conclusion, online schooling should be avavbile to all the schools around the world. Not only would it help the students struggling to make it to the bus or school on time it will help them be smarter and better them in all aspects. Their grades will show it, the test scores will be higher and all homework will get done. Everybody will be more focused and not distracted. Kids wont be in trouble as much and they will get the help that they actually need because everybody will be in their own homes and they wont be afraid to say they need help.