Dear senator,

i belive that the electoral college is benifical on some levels but people in america still need their rights. i think that they should abolish the electoral college because its very unfair to voters. and by voters i mean just regular citizens. not the democratic electors or representatives ect. also even if we vote it doesnt matter because the state legislaters and the senate are basically responsible for picking a president. its very irrational and old and a big problem. it would just be eaiser for america to have a popular vote instead of a electoral college.

the electoral college is quite unfair to citizens. they vote for a reason right? to have the person they think best to run the country. some people might not have as much knowladge about congress or the government or whatever. but still its there right to have a say in what they belive in. some people dont even get to have a say in things. during the 2000 campaign,seventeen states didnt see ads or even the candidates at all. the senate is not giving people the right to vote for the candidate they want. they say each state only casts one vote. which is unfair. many people in one state have their own differences and opinions. for an example, "the single representative from wyoming, which represnts 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from california. who represnt 35 million voters." "given that many voters vote one party for president and another for congress, the houses selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people."if the vote is more popular it is not right to change it because the electoral college thinks differently.

yes in my opinion i think the electoral college is unfair but its not just that. it is also very outdated. they need to try something new and just let them elect the president over the popular vote. i think its way less difficult that way. people wouldnt be disputing over the popular vote winner lost and the electoral college has its defenders to make sure they have their candidate win. its also irrational. if the just keep on going with this electoral college thing then whats the whole point of the citizens voting?    