Driverless cars can be a positive thing because it can prevenet fewer accidents, notifies when it wants the driver to take control of the wheel, and it can help a lot of disabled people.

First, we can prevent fewer accidents because when people are drinking they won't have to worry that much about crashing or spending their money on taxis for when they want to go home. They still have to be careful so when the car tells them to take the wheel, they are ready for it. As well with younger people, when they first start driving they can be lessed worried that they will have an accident, but it will be difficult to get them to focus since they aren't at the wheel. Younger drivers will be distracted by texting.

Secondly, it notifies the driver when there is danger. As it tells you in paragraph five, "...those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers. The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." Since 2013, the BMW have modified a car that will vibrate a drivers seat when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. "The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over."Paragraph seven informs the reader about everthing the BMW has done so that the car can drive by itsself.

Lastly, when you really think about it not only will these cars prevent fewer accidents and notify when it wants the driver to take control of the wheel but it can help a lot of disabled people. For those people who have a hard time driving this would be perfect for them because it's basically driving by itsself and they would rarely touch the wheel. For the people who can't drive because they aren't capable of following the rules of the road, this car would be good for them.

In conclusion, Driverless cars can be a positive things because this car will prevent fewer accidents, it will notify the driver when it needs to take control of the wheel and it will help out a lot of disabled people. There maybe a few flaws in this car but this car is mostly a good use for many more reasons.