Do you enjoy staying after school?,what do you do when you get home from school?

Are you busy when you get home?

Well if students are required to stay after school for an activity,i think they should at least be rewarded for there hard work and extra time they put in. One reason i disagree with the principal is beacause what if most students all ready have plans after school and its mandatory to be there,some students are super tired/stressed out when they get home cause they have so much work to do for school or its been a long day ,and my last reason is because teachers are going to have to grade more work and most kids dont even stay after school to get work done they only stay because there friends are there to goof around with them.

My first reason to why students should not stay after school for a activity is because some students allready have plans after school and it's mandatory to be there. Once my little cousin's grandma got the flue and she was sent to the hospital emidiately. Then they called my little cousin and told him to get there soon as possible ,but when he was trying to leave the school the princiapal wouldn't let him and told him he couldn't leave because he needed to stay after school to finsih some work that was do the next day and if he didnt finsh it he would fail his classes. My cousin was the only choose they had beacause he drived, the rest of his family members had to go to work and someone needed to get the medicine for her .He was to late when he arrived at the hospital his grandma had all allready passed away. It was all because the school forced him to stay aftter school.

My second reason is because the students come stressed out and tired from school,and of course every teacher want there students coming with a good attitude the next day. Most kids dont even get enough sleep when they get home cause there little sisters crying or somethings is on there mind like an SA that they have to do. They all ready have about 7 to 8 classes that give them work every single day

My last and finally reason is beacuse teachers are allways late on grading work. There going to have the double amount of papers they allready have. At my school kids just hang out during after school to be with there friends they dont even get there work done, because there friends are being a distraction.

In conclusion, i disagree with the principal beacuse student are not going to have courge to do work cause there tired or all ready have lots of work to do for other classes. They possible might have to attend something after school and teachers might lose track of whats graded and what not .Its just going to be so much cayous going on.