I don't think students would benefit classes from home. Distance learning should not be an option for students, it should be an obligation for all students to go to school. Otherwise they would only learn from their computer, when they should've been able to also learn from their environment. Going to school is very important; and online classes might take it away from students. Important things like ''comunication'' and the ''way of learning'' is what online classes will not teach you from home.

The reason why I don't agree with attending classes from home is because those classes will not teach you what you everything you need to know. They will not teach you about the communication which is essential for each person. The only way you really communicate with other people is by interracting with them, like your friends at school, your counselors, teachers,... By staying home you won't comunicate with anyone, it will be you alone and your online classes. Behavior is also taught, the way you behave is important and you will be judged by other on a very negative way if you don't have and examplary behavior. At school, by comunicating with other, interracting with friends, you learn about good and bad behavior, you will learn about how to behave in a good way. Also, comunication gives you access to other people's knowledge. They will share endless informations that you will have access too; and eventually benefit from it. As you can see, classes from home cannot give you access to comunication.

" School will prepare you for your future", a lot of people would aggree with that because they know that school will give you access to a lot of "way of learning". Where do you stand for? Are you on the average level or not? Who surround you? Questions like these are not asked during online classes because online classes are too lonely and boring, unable to make you ask questions that might prepare you for your future. On the other hand, by going to school, you learn even more. For example: when you are in a classroom full of people that are serious, you will certainly adapt, and then the same day you will have another class not full but with people that are funny and easily getting distracted, you will also learn how to adapt in that situation, which teaches you about almost everything. You learn from your environment and from people around you, you will also compete with other and get support. That's how it works at school, not lonely or boring, but passionating with always having to face new discoveries.

In my opinion; online classes or classes from home, if you prefer, are not serious: there is no competition, sounds lazy and is only done by yourself (lonely student). As a student, I will never recommend my friends to take online classes, because with online classes you will never learn from your environment, friends, teachers (face-to-face), or practice your communication. By competing with others, studetns tempt to do better, because they are comparing themselves to good students. They meet teacher and counselor; discuss, and set better plans for their education. Which is why i do not like the idea of offering distance learning, because you stay home, just learn from subjects, and nothing else when you could've learn everything at school.