Texting and Driving

Texting while driving is a continuous topic and a very debated one. Some people believe that texting is okay while driving but I'm here to argue that it's not. People all over the world have died or gotten injured due to sending a short text or even looking at their phone. Not only does texting and driving put your life in danger it also puts the people around you at risk. When operating a vehicle, we always need to keep our eyes on the road.

Texting while driving should be illegal

"The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving." source from EdgarSnyder. com says. However, when you're operating a vehicle you should not distract yourself for harm to come your way or another's. Many families; mothers, fathers, and children die due to car crashes and the leading cause is texting. Many children grow up in a home without their mother or father because of a simple text.

In the state of Georgia, last year a girl was going down the highway playing on her phone and got into a car accident, ended up killing her friend and was sentenced to 15 years 3 years in prison and 12 years of probation for murder. There are many consequences from texting and driving, I can either be as small as a ticket or as far as death and prison time. The death over texting while has increased over the years. Mothers and fathers should not be burying their children.

However, some people will try to debate that they need their phone, or it was important, and it very may well have been, but if it wasn't an emergency then there is no reason to be on their phone. Everybody has the choice to pull over if they want to be on the phone. Quick example, most people can't even walk and chew gum and think that they can drive and text. Although it's not just texting while driving, I feel as though you shouldn't be on your phone while on the road period. Many people die from texting and walking into the street and not looking.

Operating a car can be dangerous enough therefore you shouldn't put your life in more danger by using a phone. A text will be there when you park your car. Imagine it being your son or daughter that gets killed because someone was texting while driving, so why put others or yourself in danger like that? Why put your freedom on the line like that? Would you be willing to risk it all for one text?   