Some schools offer distance learning ,or online classes, as a way for students to learn outside of school. These online classes have numerous benefits such as: learning while being home, having more classes even with a full schedule, and learning at your own pace.

With the recent outbreak of the corona virus many counties where it has a presence have closed putting a halt on classes. However, with the option of online classes student can continue to learn with schools closed. I have three cousins who live in Washington state near Generic_City. A student in there school happened to test positive for the corona virus forcing the schools to close for two weeks. The students were assigned online courses and a specific time requirement to meet each day on there classes. And this doesn't have to be for a pandemic like the corona virus, student can simply miss a couple days due too a cold and not fall behind on their work. Or have a sporting event which they would have to miss school for. With the option of online learning students can learn while being outside the classroom and not fall behind.

Student wishing to add more classes to their schedule can also take online classes. I have many friends who attend the Generic_School which takes up an entire day of there schedule giving them four less classes. Some of those classes are required for graduation such as economics and personal finance. Those friends are currently taking those classes online and I have had the chance to talk to them about it over the course of the year, They said while it is sometimes hard to be able to focus taking at classes at home it's much better than the alternative of taking a summer course. Periodic unit test for those classes keep them on track of where they need to be in the class.

Online classes also give students the option of learning at their own pace. Instead of a teacher jumping from next question to next question to the next, students can take there time on each problem, unit, or subject. Whether it be derivatives in calculus, commas in English, or balancing equations in chemistry; student can take as much time as necessary for them to understand the content at hand. This also goes the other way around, student who are advanced can learn at an accelerated rate getting more in depth to the content and better preparing them selves for test like an AP exam, SAT, or ACT.

In conclusion, the benefits of online classes heavily out way the cons of the option of distance learning. I'm not saying to get rid of regular school, but the option of an alternative method of learning can only help students. Whether it be because a student missed class because they were sick, they can take an online class for the subject he/she missed. It's a way for student to take more classes outside of the 8 classes they have to take at school. And students can learn at there own pace never getting left behind or being held behind.