Dear Principle,

I believe that you should let students bring their phones to use during free time and lunch. This would be good for the school because the students will be occupied meaning they probably won't get into much trouble on their phone. This also provides a source of social connections with other people. Its also provides a sense of responsibility trusted on them so they can be better people and learn that there's a place and a time for cell phones just not during class. These reasons are why we should be able to use phones at school.

When kids are at lunch and finish their food in a couple of minutes they easily get bored and need something to do. Some talk to others and satisfied with that but its not the same for everyone. Some kids can start to get in to trouble and this can result in problems. The start to mess around and steal people things and put food in people backpacks and it becomes a mess but when they have phones and are texting they don't care what's going on around them. They just want to talk on the phone so if they don't care about other things they won't care about pulling pranks because their busy on their phones.

Another reason why people should be allowed to use phones during school is what if someone has no friends? If they don't have friends at school but if they have other friends at other schools he can be happier by connecting with other friends. Instead of being miserable during the school days the persona can still be socially connected and happy instead of thinking "I just want lunch to end." People have trouble making friends sometimes so when their sad they should be able to call someone to talk to. This would be comforting and nice to have as an option.

Lastly I believe we should be able to use our phones at school is so we can learn to have more privileges with more responsibility. A lot of kids are trustworthy and really strive to earn the respect of others. If kids learn to turn off cell phones during class and are rewarded by getting to use them later this teaches them good things come when you obey your superiors. This helps the principle know that good people go to their school and that they can be proud of the children. This really would help the schools trust with adult and child strengthen.

In conclusion I believe we should be able to use cell phones during school free time. I think it would be a good way to keep kids occupied during lunch resulting in less goofing around. I also believe it can be used to communicate with people not in physical distance so you could still talk to them. I also believe it would help adults at the school gain trust from the students at the school. The privilege of phone use during school can really help kids begin to have a more efficient way to trust and manage the kids at the school.