Imagine your child growing up almost a adult and dont know what they want to be when they grow up. Thats why they shoudve taken extracurricular classes. You want to make sure your childs is succesful in life? then listen to this. The reason why I think it is good for students to take extracurricular activitys is because it is good to try new things, it will biuld up a work habit, and your kid might find something they would want to pursue in life.

A reason why students should do extra activitys is because it is good to try new things. Trying new things and exposing yourself to new things are good. It is good because say you get a flat tire and you have a spair one. Say you learned how to fix a tire in one of your classes you would know how to put it on and its good if there is no mechanioc around. You might use one of the skills you learned in thise classes. Its thanksgivings and your family wants you to cook the turkey but theres no prblem beccuse you took a cooking classs you already know how cook. You taking those classes could really help you for a job. You want to be a chef so you go apply and on your resume they ask what you know about cooking you can sasy you took alot of classes on it and you probably went to colonery school. Thats one of the reason why students should take extra activity.

Another reason why is because it will teach you a good working habit. You will get better at turning in your work on time. Lets say you have a project due it will be easier because you took job like classes and practice finishing your assignments on time. It will help you stay focuse on one thing. You will have a mind set that helps you not get distracted and stay on task. You will learn like you are at a job. You will get used to working longer and faster and working as hard as you can to get the task done. You see how this can really help you in and out of school becasue you will be better at using your time wisely.

It could help you find something you want to persue in life. You can biuld your life with these classes. You might something you like and that you might want to major in all because you tried it. Most people probably think differently about trying new classes because they dont want to force there in to doing sometghing they dont wanna do. BUt if they do only stuff they like say they major in it and the career doesnt work out what do they have to bounce back on? You wanna always have something to bounce back on but it wont be easy thats why you want to try new things all people in the world dont automatically know what they want to be when they grow up they have to try stuff learn things and they always have a backup plan. This is one of the vbest ways to find your career and will help in college.

As you see new classes will help with alot of things such as trying new things, biuld a work habit, and finding your career but toy want to make sure you really try new classes because its good in life. I explained all the possible things that can help your kids if they take extracurriculum activitys. Like help you in colllege. and in working and with jobs you will all ready be exposed on how to be a great worker. And you can know how to solve so many problems on your own by learning abt different things adn it will be cheaper. Thats why being in different activitys that you have never done before is good.        