Many people believe distance learning is not a good idea because attending classes at home would allow the student to become distracted. These distractions could lead to procrastination, which would have a negative impact on the student's classwork, work ethic, and time management. However, I believe distance learning would be incredibly beneficial for students because they would be able to complete multiple things at once and get tasks done at a quicker pace. Also, students would not only be in a safer environment to work in, but also a more comfortable environment to work in.

Distance learning gives students a great opportunity to do multiple tasks at once and work on other things while completing the task at hand. If a student has a child or a pet to take care of, they would not have to worry about them like normal kids do at school. They can take care of them and watch them in their own house. So if anything goes wrong, the student is right there to fix it for their child or pet and then get right back to their work.

While attending classes from home, students are in a much safer environment than at a regular school. Students would be less likely to see an active school shooter if students were at home. Many students fear going to school because of occurrences like shootings or even fights, so attending classes online can help with those fears. Also, being at home can prevent or decrease the chances of getting sick. With all the other classmates and staff members at school, students are more likely to catch a spreadable disease from them like influenza, chicken pox, or even the corona virus. This could impact their learning because then the students would have to focus on becoming healthy again rather than their schoolwork, which could take a large amount of time.

Finally, distance learning gives students a chance to be in a much more comfortable work area. People know their way around their house better than at school or in a classroom because those people have, more often than not, been in their homes longer than in their particular school. Also, learning from home allows students to have easier access to things that they might not be allowed to have in a classroom. Students would have easier access to snacks, in case they get hungry; beverages, in case they get thirsty; and blankets, in case they get chilly.

All in all, attending school via the internet is beneficial for several reasons. Learning from home gives students opportunities to become more comfortable while working; opportunities that many schools prohibit. These opportunities include, eating, drinking, and even listening to music. Not only can they do these comfortable things while working, but they could also take care of other necessities while learning like their children or even their pets. Distance learning also is safer for students because they are less likely to fear school shootings and they can prevent spreading or receiving any harmful diseases or viruses. Even though distance learning could give students lots of distractions and won't improve their social lives, it gives students a chance to be safe, comfortable, and happy!