Waking up at 7:30 for school becomes a routine that most kids follow on a day to day basis. Taking classes from home seems like a dream. What kid would not want to lay in bed, and be productive at the same time. Taking online classes is a great option, because it allows kids to learn from a place where they are most comfortable.

Many kids are faced with issues at school. A common example is bulling, or teasing. If being able to take classes at home was an option, many of these could easily be avoided. Not only would kids not have to worry about bulling but they would not have all of the mental stress, or worries that come with going to school. People who are anxious or worrisome, find comfort in their own home. Another factor of being in your own home would be when you are more comfortable, you are more likely to preform better.

Not all kids are as fortunate to have different clothes everyday. Many worry about what others will think or say. If you could stay home and take your courses, then you could wear whatever you wanted and not have to worry. If students got to choose what they wanted to wear, it would also increase their confidence. With an increase in confidence, they have a more positive outlook on leading. This would provide the students with more freedom, which would be shown in their work ethic.

Sitting still for a long period of time, with occasional breaks in between can be a hassle. Especially over a seven hour time period. If online classes were an option, students could space out their classes, or work load to their preferred length. Breaks could be taken when needed, which would lead to a more focused individual. Many students have weaknesses such as ADHD, OCD, and anxiety. Online classes could prevent these from becoming a distraction, by letting the student take care of their mental status. It would be extremely beneficial for students to work at their own pace.

Another pro of online classes is video conferencing. Classes in a public school can be overloaded with other students. With video conferencing, one teacher can interact with one student. This will allow there to be a one on one relationship between the student and the teacher. Topics can be disused more in depth, and allow the student to stay more focused and on task. More questions can be asked to allow the student to engage with what is being taught.

Some people may disagree and say online classes allow students to become off task. School is a serious matter, and students could benefit from being allowed to decide and have a say on what they want. There are many benefits of online schooling and conferencing, such as comfort, mindset, and performance. All which could be improved by online classes.            