Technology has been rapidly growing every day that we use it. Whether it be smartphones, video games, or now... smart cars. Smart cars are cars that help you with your driving skills by telling you how close you are to something behind you, or even by stopping your car before you crash. Now, the big issue is creating driverless cars. This idea is extremely terrific and can cause a breakthrough in modern technology.

With driverless cars, no one needs to worry about buying any cars anymore. Sergey Brian thinks that "driverless cars [can] form a public-transport taxi system." This taxi-system will be able to take people to and fro wherever they like. Also, these cars will most likely only use up half of the fuel that regular taxis take.

Driverless cars will be more efficient than humans because of their faster response to driving situations. This is possile by sensors that "can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine." Many sensors will have to be placed on the car to provide the safest driving possible. Google has put many sensors on their modified version of a Prius, such as on the wheel, roof, rearview mirror, and even a 3-D camera ontop of the roof. All of these sensors help to mimic the actual driving skills of a human, but better.

Some people may argue that the driverless cars are not safe because they still need some help from the passenger for emercency situations. They are wrong because humans can manage to stay alert while the driverless car is still driving. The car can manage to "steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills."

This is only because the car has not been programmed to handle crashes, or roadside dangers yet. However, manufacturers are making new "in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays." These will help keep the driver alert at all times and enjoy their ride.

In more ways than one, the development of driverless cars will be a huge success in modern technology. Having a driverless car can make human lives easier, prevent most crashes, and cause a safe trip on the road. With their highly-alert sensor systems, and their fast-acting brakes the driverless cars will make sure that you get to where you are going fast, safe, and easy.