School can be an extremely stressful place. The halls are full of people who walk slow, students have to wake up really early just to make their bus, and having to sit in a class for an hour and a half doesnt seem that appealing. Some students think that school should start up half days or give us more breaks, but students need to get an education and keep their brain functioning, academic wise. Having another alternative to keep kids thinking while being lenient on their health and feelings would make things easier for teachers, parents, and students of course. So yes, students would 100% benefit from being able to attend classes from home because,

it would be a lot easier for them to get to class on time and not miss any essential information,and they wouldn't be as tired because they would be sleeping in more, since they don't have to catch an early bus.

Missing notes or even a day of class, could really make a difference in a students performance. It turns into the snowball effect. You miss one day of class, you come back the next day and the class is already working on day 2 of the lesson, you have no idea what's going on. Let's say, you do the work you missed, but you don't seem to understand it, you would continue to struggle and try to keep up with the class while the the work load keeps piling up. This situation could be avoided if schools provided an online or a video conferencing learning option. Students would actively engage in the conversation which would help them understand the material better. Being late to class would never be a problem, because lessons would be recorded if students can't make the call, so no one would miss a thing.

Having online classes would help students get the sleep they need since they wouldn't have to wake up early in the morning to catch a bus. Some students live far away from school, which means students would have to wake up really early, probably after a long night studying or completing homework, to start their morning routine. To then catch a bus, or drive themselves to school which can be even more draining. When they get to school, it would be difficult to focus, or even stay awake in class due to their lack of sleep. Having online classes could prevent that. Yes, there would be specific time to join the conference call, or to watch a lesson and complete the work, but essentially the fatigue students have would be gone and they would be able to participate, understand, and comprehend the information they're learning.

Maybe people dont want the traditional way of school to change, and they enjoy getting up early and sitting in class to learn, but a lot of students would benefit from this alternative and their performance would improve if schools offer online classes that could be attended from home, for some of their subjects. If schools decide to do this, it would be a lot easier for students to get to class on time,

not miss any essential information,and they would be awake and fully energized to learn.     