Dear Principle,

I have come to notice that our school might be going to do community service projects. I applaud you in the fact you are showing the littler kids that working for your community is a good thing. But it has also come to my attention that are a few students that would rather not do community service because it takes away from there time to do what they like to do. TEACHER_NAME i have found a way that can fix this problem. I propose that we set a day that students can do community service in school.

For example on every third and fourth Wednesday we could set out forty minutes of class time for community service, like tutoring kids . Kids tutoring other kids is a great community service because it helps the student get better grades and will help the school for Fcat. Another project we can do is a fun day with the students at the local special needs school. We can have a day were about twenty kids are selected by there grade average to go to the school and have a fun day, with a movie and popcorn, and just a day we could hang out together. TEACHER_NAME as you see these are only some community projects we can do, that is also reason to do this in our school because there is so many options the school could use for community service.

Another reason we should have community service is because it can change people. I believe that sometimes doing one good thing, for some one else, can change some one. So if we have community service some of the unruly kids could go to a soup kitchen and see that they don't have it that bad and there is no reason to act this way without a pretty good reason or bring them to a detention center and allow them to talk to the kids, and give a small tutoring lesson since they are out of school for a while, and maybe seeing these kids will allow them to see what there doing and change.

The last most important reason i think we should have community service is that in the future the student will have to have it to graduate so you would be setting them on the path to success.

Thank you and I hope you take this into consideration.

Thank You again.

STUDENT_NAME