Facial Action Coding System (FACS) would be an amazing tool in the classroom. With it, lesson plans would be much more tailored to each person, and can easily be changed based on their reaction to the plan. This tool would improve classroom dynamics, improve students' attitudes towards learning, and would improve the overall understanding of more difficult lessons by students.

The classroom dynamic in most classes is not as helpful to students as it should be. When it seems like the whole class understands something, it can be embarrassing to ask for help. With FACS, if a student seems the least bit confused, the software can go over the lesson in other ways until the student is confident about the lesson and can move on. This means a more educated classroom with better grades and higher passing rates on standardized tests, which in turn, helps the school the students attend.

Often times, learning is seen by students as a chore. Reading and note-taking get boring and confusing. But if schools used FACS, the computer would recognize the students feelings toward the lesson and could use a more exciting lesson plan. This would then change how the student may feel about the topic and could even improve a student's mood. This could also improve grades, test scores, and school ratings.

FACS may also improve skills in certain fields. If a student was behind in algebra, a required class for graduation, this software may help keep them on track. Maybe Jane is having trouble with World History. FACS will recognize the confusion through her facial expression and will begin to change the lesson plan, therefore helping Jane and improving her understanding and appealing to different ways of teaching that better suit her.

Although some may say emotion may not be read properly or that emotions are too complex to be read through a few muscles and only six options, the auhtor of the article mentions that certain muscles (risorius and zygomatic major) can determine the difference between and fake smile and a real smile. So who's to say that all emotions don't have that same type of tell. Along with that, this program bases it's conclusion off of fourty-four muscles, and uses percentages of each emotion, which broadens what the person might be feeling instead of generalizing one emotion and working with only that.

In summary, FACS is an ingenius program that would improve classroom work and school function. Working with students and ecognizing their feelings on a topic may help teach them more individually and can lead to their better understanding of the concept. This innovative software would be a great addition to any classroom and would improve life in school. 