Dear state senator,

I wish to inform you about my opinion and another 60 percent of voters opinions about the Electoral college. We suggest that instead of voting for a state of electors we should vote directly to the president that we wish would lead our country. People wan't to vote straight fowardly to the exact person they perfer and not to electors whom the people can't control who they decide to vote for. Some electors have refused to vote for their party's canidate and vote for whoever they wanted to instead. Many people often get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong canidate. We also cannot choose who the electors are.

We know that the state legislatures are responsible for picking electors and that the electors that they choose always defy the will of the people. Many things can go wrong when we use electors. They could cheat into getting who they want to win. Just like how in 1960, the segregationists the the Louisiana legislature almost succeeded in their dirty plan to replace the democratic electors with new electors that would oppose John F. Kennedy meaning that they tried to get the popular vote that was for him to actually not get to Kennedy. Also, a state might send two slates of electors to congress. It's happened in Hawaii in 1960, what makes you think it won't happen again?

The electoral college is unfair to voters because of all the ways electors cheat to make sure who they wan't wins. Canidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the canidates at all. Also 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see any campaign adds and its because of the winner-take-all system in each state.

We suggest to changing to the election by popular vote for the president of the Unites States. The citizens of the United states should be able to vote for the president that they perfer and not for an elector that could ditch the original idea and vote for only their personal opinion. There would be less flaws in the presidential electing process if we accept the popular vote method.             