UGH! "I can't focus at school anymore now that grandma is gone. Nothing feels the same anymore. I just wish I could work on my own time!" Said Generic_Name. Generic_Name, we will do something about this, im always here to help, said her father Generic_Name. Some schools offer distance learning as a way to attend classes from home by a way of online or video conferencing. Do students benefit from being able to attend classes at home? I completely agree with this statement because it definetly can make a extraordinary change in ones students life for the better. Students wold benefit from this massively since less pressure would be applied on them and weight would get lifted off their shoulders. Students would have their own time to work and can take various different approaches in this situation.

One of the many reasons why students would benefit at home is because they have better work ethic. Everyone works better at home rather than school because less pressure is on oneself to do amazing by strict teachers and bossy students. My close friend Generic_Name, was once offered to take some of her college classes online rather than getting up at 8am, stressing herself out early in the morning, but at home she took a couple classes at noon and she gave in her best attempts than she had ever given at her early morning AP bio course. Another time, my brother Generic_Name, had been tutoring one of his fellow classmates Generic_Name online. Now before they had been working at the local library and Generic_Name barely understood anything because of the noises and hyper teenages there, Now from the comfort of their own homes, they video called eachother and Generic_Name started to go from 50's to 90's in just a week since he had a much better work ethic at home instead of in public with everyone around! Students do put in their best attempts and have a better work ethic at home freely rather than cramming themselves at school.

Next, a students mental health plays a very huge role in this topic. My loving sister, Generic_Name, had been diagnosed with severe depression and social anxiety. She could barely force herself to wake up at 6 in the morning for school everyday since it was very dreadfull for her. Now when she switched from public school to online school, she was so much happier. I watched her eyes fill with joy and saw a bright light like I've never seen in my own sister in just a couple weeks into online classes. She finally got to be herself again without all the judgemental students at school telling her horrific things everyday and peer pressuring her to the max, she was finally happy and was back to getting all A's in no time. Another time, my cousin Generic_Name was so worn out from the stress from school and college apps, he had decided to take online classes for college in order to work on bettering himself as a person for his own health. Online classes brought Generic_Name outside of the dark dungeon he was sitting in and changed his life for the better. Students would definetly benefit from taking online classes not only their grades, but as well as themselves, as a person.

Third, another way students benefit by taking classes from the benefit of their own home, is because they get to spend more time with their loves ones. Now while in school, we leave early in the morning without getting to see our parents and with sports, clubs and extra curricular activities, by the time one gets home it is already very late and one misses out on seeing they're parents since they are very busy with work as well. Now one of my good friends Generic_Name, lived with her grandma but was very busy with school and basketball practice and by the time she got home she was asleep, this continued on for 4 years, and once the time came, her grandma had unfortunetly passed away. "WOW" If I wasn't always so busy with school and would've taken online classes, I would have much more time to spend with her. Now some may argue and disagree that students would not benefit from taking online classes due to most teens and adults are lazy and would never complete their work or assignments, but that statement is false because the ones who want to strive for the best and make better situations for themseves know how to manage their time properly and set goals for themselves in the future. There would be a drastic impact on students grades if they took online classes and would benefit in many different ways.

In conclusion, there would be many different positive results of distance learning. Now many may have heard of J.K Rowling, one of the best writers of the generation, she took many writing classes online which helped shape who she is today. She is known for being on of the best novelists today and she did not have time to go to early morning classes, but instead she chased her dream of becoming a writer and had not gone un noticed. Therefore we can fix this issue by offering a variety of classes online for future students instead of forcing them at an unreasonable time and by letting students to have a voice of their own to speak out. Students would see a great impact just by being able to attend classes from thier own homes!                          