As a teenager I had always struggled with school, whether it be because of projects, tests, or even socializing with my own peers. The pressure had taken a toll on my mental health and caused me to slack off in my classes. Once I started online school, everything changed for me. I started getting better grades in classes, I became happier overall, and I was getting lots one on one help from teachers, which benefited me a lot when learning new things. Students will benefit from online school, because it will reduce stress and anxiety, it will allow students to go at their own pace, and it gives students a better chance to get help with teachers.

Young adolescents feel pressured by their peers to fit in at school. This causes anxiety and stress to begin at such a young age. Before I started online school, my anxiety felt like it would never go away. At school, I felt nervous and stressed all the time. People would gossip in the hallways, libraries, and even in the restrooms. It was such a scary thing to see, and I never wanted to be a part of it. In public school people cared more about each others business than their own education. With online school, students can still communicate with their peers and still remain on topic at the same time. This allows for students to get the help they need from eachother without having the fear of being judged or getting made fun of. Without the fear of communicating, it is so much easier to get work done.

Many students, especially in their high school years, feel stressed by the amount of work they are expected to do in such a short time. This causes loads of stress and it doesn't allow students to submit work they really enjoy. With online school, students are given all their assignments before hand, and they can go at their own pace to finish their work by the end of the quarter. This way students dont feel piled with work, and they can enjoy doing the work they are given. In the T.V. show "That 70's Show" Eric Forman was given an assignment to do, which he only had 2 days to finish. He had such a difficult time, it caused him to fall behind in other classes as well. Many students in school express how they feel about due dates, but sadly much can't be done by the teachers to change it.

People could argue and say that students won't benefit from online school because they wont be able to get any in class experience, but they are ill informed. Students are able to video chat and message with their own teachers. In classes such as science, students can watch their teachers do labs live, and they are able to communicate with eachother. Students are able to message and video chat with their teachers throughout the entire day, whereas in regular school, many students are only given the privilege of emailing their teachers for help.

Online school is a privilege, that sadly many people can not experience due to not having the resources in their schools area. In the upcoming years, many more schools will become more technological, allowing for online school to become a regular form of education. Not everyone may be a fan, but that is because they haven't had the luck of trying it out themselves. With easier access to teachers, the decrease of stress, and being able to turn in assignments whenever, Students will definitely see a benefit in online school as well as an increase in their mental health.