Dear Senator (name of Florida's senator),

I am write this letter to you because I know that congress is thinking about getting rid of the Electoral College. The Electoral College has help us pick a great President and Vice-President muiltiple times, it might not be everyone's first choice President and Vice-President but most of the time the majority of citizens that care about thier country agree with the choice of President and Vice-President. We aren't just electing by the Electoral College vote but also by the popular vote. There might be some problems within the Electoral College method but getting rid of it is not the solution, there will always be some type of issue in the way the President's and Vice-President's are elected, are we just gonna get rid of those methods too?

One reason that getting rid of the Electoral College process is the wrong decision is because our founding fathers established this process in the Constitution as a type of compromise between electing our President and Vice-President by a vote of congress and electing our President and Vice-President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. Why would you want to break that compromise?

Also, if you think about it, how is it fair on some of the smaller states if we just did the popular vote. If the majority of a larger state wants some one for President and a couple of small states want another President to be win then most likely the larger state gets thee President they wanted, if we got rid of the Electoral College process and just did the popular vote. The Electoral College process also help produce a clear winner of the elections.

I know that the Electoral College process has some issues like the voters not being able to know for sure who their slate of electors are going to vote for. In some very rare cases the electors do not vote for the candidant you want them to vote for. That can be very un-appealing to most people that they don't have that insurance. Another issue is that sometimes in a close election, the popular vote winner could lose the presidency. Most people don't understand why the popular President lost and immidiently assume that the Electoral College process is awful and we should get rid of it right away.

Over all, the Electoral College process has been around since our founding fathers were around and we have had some of the most qualified and caring Presidents that amazed us with how they changed our country for the greater-good and well-being of our country and it's people. The Electoral College process is something that should stay with us for a long time, so that we can see what the next few President's will do for us in the future.                                      