Does one truly need a classroom to learn about the world around them? For the last few decades, one couldn't imagine school life without thinking of the classrooms they spent hours in everyday. Turning every year into a busy pattern of learning as more and more children are placed into the school system. At one point in time, this wouldn't have been an issue. But now, as the student body at school grows larger, teachers lack the time to focus on every student. Causing students who are going through medical issues or needing extra help falling through the cracks. This leaves the question, how do we support the students who need extra help outside the classroom? Through online, long distance learning, students gain the ability to learn from home. Online classes leads to strong benefits because it helps injured students continue their studies, supporting those who need extra help, and showing them how to manage their time.

When a student is injured, catching up on what they missed in school can be more stressful the injury itself at the time. Many students being forced to restart the full semester for something out of their control. Wasting the time they already placed into the class. However, with online schooling, students are able to work from home. Giving them a chance to catch up without needing someone to give them every worksheet the teacher might have given out. With this, once the student returns to class, they should have limited issues with the new topics being taught in class.

As the amount of students slowly grow, teachers have to limit the one on one focus they give to each student, but with online learning can get the extra help they need. During class, many teachers don't have the time to help a student if the rest of the class is ready to continue. Students giving up trying to learn the subject at all. This is where online schooling would come in. Outside of class, through video conferencing, a teacher can get a chance to fully go over any questions the student may have. Even tests are possible in this method. The teacher being able to watch the student complete the questions while correcting them on the way. All of this leading to better students and better grades over time.

Some people may argue that, without a teacher, students would not complete their work. Possibly allowing themselves to fail in favor of playing a video game or sleeping. Without outside control, it is easy to understand why one would think that. However, just because school is online doesn't mean there aren't punishments. Not only should a student's guardian be able to keep the student from slacking off, but teachers as well. Just because the schooling would be online it doesn't mean the student can't be punished. Time management is a very important thing for everyone to learn and online school is a great way to teach it. Forcing a student to understand if they don't plan, they will face the repercussions.

With students having the ability to work from home injured students and those who need extra help are able to continue their studies while also learning to manage their time. For those injured, online schooling gives them the chance to keep up with their studies while they are healing. For students needing extra help, teachers could video conference from home, allowing the student to ask questions they need to. And, even if students aren't observed as much at home, that doesn't change the fact the student with face punishments for slacking off for no reason. In conclusion, I believe online learning is something both students and teachers need. For the sake of our schools and the sake of our future.