Dear Principal,

I think you should let the students have cell phones at school, just not during class time. That way they will be able to learn in class and actually have good grades. The students should be able to have their cell phones out at school but once the bell rings they should turn them off and walk to class. During passing periods they should still have their phone off. While they are in class they need to be paying attention and not texting.

If you make this a rule at school then you should tell your students to have their phone off during class time then they could be able to use it during lunch or any other free time they have. Texting is addicting, once you start you cant stop. Mostly teenagers these days are using their phones every second of the day, in class, during passing periods, or at lunch time. You should either make this a rule or a privilege.

If you make this a privilege then that means you can take it away. I think you probably should make this a privilege instead of a rule. If kids are getting caught texting in class or texting when they shouldn't be then you should take their phone away and take away that privilege if there are many students doing that even though they were told not to. Kids or teenagers usually like to disobey the rules. If they are told many times to stop texting in class then you should take away the privilege and tell them not to bring their phones to school.

Some kids/ teenagers don't even have phones yet. They either got them stolen, taken from their parents, or just cant afford one. I myself have a phone but i get it taken from my parents if i am disrespectful or if use bad language. As i was saying if many kids tend to disrespect your policy of giving them a privilege to have their phones out during the day then take their phone away and take away the privilege. Also if kids are doing that too then tell your students to leave their phones at home and band their phones from coming on school campus.

As i said before you should either make that policy a rule or a privilege. I think you should make it a privilege. If you make it a privilege then you can take it away if needed too. If you kids disrespect that privilege then take it away. If your students take advantage of the privilege then you can tell your students to leave their phones at home.