Driving smart cars that drive by themself has it's pros and cons. People can come up with a great deal of reasons on why we should or shouldn't have them. Every time someone thinks of the furture they think of fyling cars, cars that drive by themself. But is the furture really that far away from having driverless cars? Should people be allowed to drive cars that drive themself? In my argument against the development of these driverless cars you will hear the pros and cons having this and why we should or shouldn't have them.

First let's start off with the pros of having driverless cars. One would have to be that it would save a ton of fuel, and protentionly help the earth as the yers go by. Driverless cars could also save a bundle of car wrecks everday. By limiting the careless drivers that are in a hurry to get places or not paying attention. Another pro is that it would help people that would be killed by drunk drivers. It would bring down the numbers of death due to car wrecks. It would save a mass of time on the roads for people who are traveling, because there would not be tons of traffic jams due to the lack of car wrecks becasue they won't be in a hurry and driving wreckless.

Now for the cons of having driverless cars. For starters it would cost a bundle of money to make all these smart cars. What if you don't want to get a smart car that drove itself, would you have to? Also would everyone get rid of there old cars and where would they go? Another thing is as a mass of us know technology does not always work when we want it too and is not always on our side. So the car could stop working on us. In the article it said that they made a road that was smart, but that would cost way to much money to replace all the roads and a ton of time spent doing it. The whole car would relay on sensors that could go out at anytime, whenever they wanted to, and however they wanted too.

In my personal argument, I would not trust a car that could give out at anytime it wanted to nor would I want to. Another reason it would cost way to much money to make. Although it could save a big deal of car wrecks due to wreckless drivers, the cars could be just a dangerous. As I stated before technology is just something that is unexpected and you can't really relay on it.    