My parents have always told me, whenever I have a problem, to come to them for help. They say that they are always there for me. It is really nice to have people to go to whenever I need advice about something. I have lots of friends, too. But they all aren't the same person.

That being said, they're all going to have different opinions.

It is always good to go to different people about what to do in a situation, because some people may have dealt with the same sort of situation you have, it is always good to have different selections on how to handle things, and different people could teach you different things about how to react in different situations, even if you don't take their advice.

A lot of the time, people don't going around randomly sharing their past stories without any context. But if you ask them, they could open up to you and share. This really could help you with situations you're dealing with. You get to see the second hand experience of what could end up happening to you. This could potentially being very eye-opening and make you change what you originally thought about the situation.

It is always good to have choices. I know when I look on a restaurant menu and see only 2 options of food, I wouldn't be very happy. This is another reason why you should listen to other peoples opinions. They could give you different options on how to handle things. Like they say, the more, the merrier.

You could learn things when people are giving you advice, even if you don't take it. For example, some one could be giving you advice on the sport you play. They could be telling you on how to handle different plays. You may think that the way they say to play the game doesn't really fit for you, but now you have more knowledge about the sport you play, which could benefit your skills in the game. This can apply for other situations, too.

So in the end, it's always good to have an open mind and listen to other peoples advice. You could learn more about someone, get different options, and even learn things. No matter how the situation ends up playing out, you ended making tighter bonds with the people who gave you advice, and that's what's important in the end.