When asking for advise is like a bull coming right at you, meaning some people do not like to ask for advise or either their shy/ scarred to ask. When people ask for advise, they sometimes talk to more than one person. So because they ask more than person for advise, for it would be from a different perspective, can help come to a conclusion, and help not do stupid things.

To begin with, when ask for help it would be good to have a different perspective. Myself for instance would like to have a different perspective because what if the person you ask did it or whatever you did and they tell you I would not do that if I was you because you can get in some trouble. Or say on of your friends hanging with the wrong people and you start doing that so your friend tell you the people you hanging with is not your real friends. for instance

I know if my friend told me that I would probably listen to them because they been hanging with the wrong people way longer than me and I do not need no fake friends . Also I know people that is older than me and are in high school so I am thinking about to two different schools and they say both schools has a lot of drama but one school drama be out there and the other one not so much. another thing is that both schools have they ups and downs so I will just have wait and see. Anyway I like to have other people input.

Secondly, ask other people for advise can help you come to a conclusion on what you should do. When I choose between two things it is difficult because I want both but one thing is important than the other thing I wanted .Then say if you have to between your two friends both you knew your whole life but one of them is being a bad influence on you so you ask one of your other friends to help you choose witch one you have to cut off. Plus when having a friend that has a bad influence on you should not be in your life because they can get you in a lot of trouble. Another thing is that say if something is going on in your house and you if you should stay or leave so you go and about with some people you trust and they tell you u need to go and stay with somebody else. Or say your getting bullied and nobody in your family know but some of your close friends know and they tell you , you need to tell your parents or a teacher or someone that your being bullied. So when having a issue you should ask some friends, teachers, parents, or whoever you trust and know want judge you.

Finally, when you go ask for advise you can ask about anything really most people really ask about how to stay out of trouble or not do stupid things . I wish I had did that when I was in seventh grade because with these group of friends we had did something very stupid. This friend of mine wanted me to go with her somewhere we had no business going and I ask my brother what should I do he told me to tell her that it is not a good idea go somewhere not supposed to be. So one day me, my best friend,and my cousin was walking from the park and my cousin seen this pound saying we should go walk through it and me and my best friend was like we not through that . We was like for one it is too cold out here to be walking in ponds and stuff secondly we as like plus we not trying to be soaking wet and our shoes get messed up. So even if it is yourself giving the advise it can be helpful for others around you.

However, some people think that they can figure it out on their own. Some people think they do not need help they might think it is the best choice while others think it is not so good of a choice.

It might not always be the right choice to make and other people can also give you the wrong answer especially if you was looking for it to be the other answer. So many people have different ways of thinking some people might think the wrong choice is the right or best choice while some people might think they right choice is the better one. So thats why some people really do not like to ask other people for advise.

In conclusion, when people ask for advise, they sometimes talk to more than one person. To help then have a different perspective form somebody, have someone help them come to a conclusion, and help you stay out of trouble. So when coming to people for advise can help you do the right things instead of making stupid decisions.                             