In the world we live in today, cars are used by people nearly everyday. To some they are looked at as a need such as water, food, or shelter rather something we want to improve our life. Although, it may improve our lives in the particular moment to some degree, we fail to see the greater and more long-term effects from everyday car usage. The following sources reviews these effects and reveals the problems and solutions we may have to fix them.

One of the more serious and more recognized problems from car usage is the steady increase of greenhouse gas emissions produced from vehicles all over the world. Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe. Vauban, Germany is an example of the effort being made to reduce these greenhouse gas emissions, this experimental city is trying to remain "car-free" and in doing so the city itself has to make its own changes. This basic precept is being adopted around the world by trying to compact suburbs and make them more accessible by public transportation."When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way" said by heidrun walter(source 1). With this new experiment, people are finding ways to adapt and live the changed life while others actually feel better off.

Another serious and impacting issue from car usage is the increase in smog over big named cities. In paris, after days of a near record breaking pollution, paris bans driving throughout the city in attempt to clear up the skies. Diesel fuel is looked at as main problem paris faced in cleaning out the intesifying smog, since a france tax act favors diesel over gasoline it displays an issue the france government must correct in their own wrong doings. A different look towards car usage is that recent studies show americans buying fewer cars, getting fewer and fewer licenses, and also driving less overall. If this pattern continues there will be positive reinforcements for carbon emissions and the environment, since its the 2nd largest emission producer in America. The internet brings a whole other chess piece to the game allowing kids to feel more connected with people without driving anywhere. "pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety." said by Bill Ford excutive chairman of the Ford Motor Company(source 4).

A program set up in bogota, colombia is a program developed to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. "its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." said businessman carlos arturo(source 3). Sports centers and parks have also increased throughout the city;bad conditioned sidewalks have been replaced with smooth ones;rush hour restictions have been cut largely; and high class shopping districts have also been created. This program is already looked at by many countries and is being observed by the world like an exciting experiment.

There are many advantages to limiting car use and these are just few of them. Overall, the advantages observed are just from the few examples of less car use that we have, if more people look towards this problem of over used cars.    