"Therefore scientist seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. Or maybe we should think of them as challenges"(paragraph 6) . This supports the authors claim that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers because in this quote it supports the idea that instead of thinking of this mission as a risk, think of it as a challenge. A risk is when something bad can happen as a result of failing where as a challenge is a reward you will get if the operation is a success.

Why would some people consider getting a closer look at Venus a challenge and not a risk? "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet. These conditions are far more extreme than anything huimans encounter on Earth" (paragraph 3). This supports the idea that going to Venus does have some dangers. On Earth we have never expierienced 800 degree weather. To top it off, the atomosphere is 97 percent carbon dioxide. This would make it extremly difficult for us to even breath on Venus. "Modern computers are enormous;y powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme nphysical conditions. Just imagine exposing a cell phone or tablet to acid or heat capable of melting tin. By comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces." This supports the idea that in order for them to get to Venus they must produce a device that will be able to make it through the mission withought burning up. They also have to think about how the human who on the mission are going to stay cool in the scorching conditions of Venus. This supports the idea that going to Venus for a closer look may perhaps be a risk.

Why may some people see going to Venus as a challenge? "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors" (paragraph 8). This supports the idea that going to Venus is a challenge because not only will they gain insight of the planet, but it will lead them into even more intimidating endeavors do to our curiosity as humans. "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by the dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation"(paragraph 8). This quote supports the idea that our travels should not be limited because of dangers and doubts but they should actually expand so that we can live up to our innovation and imagination.

How could this challenge and/or risk be a worthy pursuit despite the dangers? "Often reffered to as Earth's "twin", Venus is the closest planet to Erath in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." This supports the idea that not only is Venus a close planet to us in density and size, but is is close to us in distance too. Therefore, If we can't make it to Venus and it's one of the closest planets to us, how are we supposed to explore other places in the solar system in the near future? It is also important so that we could gain insight of the planet and see what Earth and Venus really have in common.

In conclusion, a risk is when something bad can happen as a result of failing. A challenge is when you will recieve a reward if the operation is a success. Either way the author claims that it is a worthy pursuit to closley examine Mars. Not only will it give us gainful insight of the planet, but as humans, all of us are very curious.