High school, the land of body odor, pimples, and drama, who in their right mind would want to attend everyday. In result of this, some schools offer distance learning, such as online courses, as an option for students to use. Allowing this opportunity can be very useful to many students who struggle while attending on campus school for a variety of reasons such as, medical, educations, and financial. Unfortunately many might disagree, giving forth the thought that teenagers dont pay attention or even attend school in the first place why should the option to let them stay home be offered.

Teenagers can be notorious for skipping school, but for some students these absences are unavoidable. For students with mental and physical illnesses, making it out of the house or hospital can be a daily struggle. Schooling might come as a blessed distraction from the terrors of their illness. Offering the opportunity for online classes would also allow these students to get a full and well rounded educational experience. With online classes, they can control their education and not fall behind when sick or receiving treatment.

The ability to control their education can be helpful to other students as well.

School administrators are active in trying to make sure students are learning at levels that fit their ability by providing , regular, honors, A.P, and D.E courses. Unfortunately this system can often fail. While students may be on the same ability level of their class, the time that it takes for them to get up to speed can very. This leave students of all levels struggling and frustrated with their classes. Offering an online course would allow them move at their own pace. Giving them the opportunity to soak up as much information as they can with out having to worry about falling behind. It could also allow the students that move quickly the ability of moving forward without having to wait on their teacher or classmates.

Another reason for offering online courses at home is, by the time high school roles around many students are expected to be come financially independent or to help provide for their family. Not having to attend school during the day would open up forty or more hours that they would be able to work. Which even at minimum wage could make a large difference in their or their families life. Although, often in cases like those a student may not even have the resources to be able to take an online course at home.

Distance learning online can be a difficult situation, while it does provide many opportunities. It requires two basic things that in our modern world it is often forgot that not everyone has access too, A computer and the internet. From families paying for medical bills to families that can barely afford water, electric, and housing bills, these two thing can be very out of reach. Some school do provide families like these with wifi hot spots and electronics, but this is still a very rare case, keeping online learning far from a reality for many students.

As with everything there are always reason not to do something, but in the case of online learning the pros out weigh the cons. Schools should continue to offer distance learning, and schools that dont offer it should begin to push for distance learning. For the sake of their students struggling with medical, education, financial, and any other issue that keeps them from attending school daily. In doing this we can change the old dirty land of high school into a new frontier of learning for every student to come.                 