Dear Senator,

I want to change to electon by popular vote for the president of the United States because it is easier and makes a lot more sense. When you vote by the Electoral College, you are actually voting for your canidates electors. When you vote for the electors, it doesn't neccessarily mean they will vote for their canidate. Voters can't always control who their electors vote for, as stated in "Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always."

There is a single argument against the Electoral College is best known as the disaster factor. In 1960, segregationists who were in the Louisiana Legislature succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with electors that would oppose John F. Kennedy. They did this so that a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy. In almost the same way, "faithless" electors sometimes refuse to vote for their party's canidate. Instead they cast a deciding vote for whoever they want.

The electors and segregationists in the Electoral College think they can do whatever they please. They make decisions that wouldn't be fair to the voters or the canidates. If the voter votes for a certain canidate but the elector votes for a different canidate, this could cause trouble and madness within the election. The Electoral College is not always fair. However, if we switch to the election of the popular votes, the election would be fair. The canidates would be chosen based on the number of votes they got from voters, not by who the electors want to vote for.

People also worry about the prospect of a tie in the Electoral College. If this happens, the election would be handed over to the House of Representatives. Then the state delegations would vote on the president. In this case, the Senate would choose the vice-president."Because each state casts only one vote, the single representative in Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters". From this context, we can say that the House's selection can barely be expected to reflect the will of the people.

I think the Electoral College is not accurate and the electors in it are not very fair. If someone elects a certain canidate, but the elector votes for someone else, there really isn't a purpose for people to vote. If people don't vote, then our country won't have a president. The Electoral College can take this country downhill in several  ways. We should let the people decide who they want to run their country. That way, the voting will be more fair, easier, and not as many bad things could happen while the process of voting is going on. I think the Electoral College should not be the way that our country's citizens should vote by.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME    