I had a guilty feeling in my stomach all morning. After I woke up to that text last night I instantly knew that this day was not going to be good. I should have never done what I did but it happened and I can't take it back. I got caught and now I have to do the right thing. I whip out my phone and press the face time button to talk to my best friend about what is going on. "Hey Generic_Name." I managed to say while holding back tears, "I really need your advice on something." I say more serious now but facing the camera towards the ceiling. "Okay, what's up?" She replies sounding concerned. "I talked about Generic_Name behind her back with a few other people and I said some pretty hurtful things. The only reason I said those things is because everybody else was and I don't know." I start rambling and need to slow down. "Anyways she messaged me this morning saying that she found out what I said and it really hurt her feelings. Now I feel awful and I need your advice on how to apologize." I squeaked. "Were the other girls talking bad about her too?" Generic_Name asked. "Yeah, even worse than me." I yelp. "That's not what I heard." She starts but I cut her off short, "Wait what? You already heard about this?" She chuckles while managing to say, "Yeah, almost everybody has heard, but they said it was just you being mean and I believe them." I can feel the tears streaming down my face as I end the call without replying to her. People should seek multiple opinions when in need of advice because it will not be as bias, they might not know any better than you, and you can hear from people who have different meaning in your life.

First off, you should seek multiple opinions when in need of advice because the advice will not be as bias. When you seek advice from someone you want to know what they would do in your shoes, but sometimes they might not tell you the full truth because they are bias. For example, my little brother, Generic_Name, really wanted a monster truck for his birthday. He decided to ask his friend if that is what he should ask for just so that he doesn't regret it. Well, it turns out that his friend also really wanted a monster truck but his birthday wasn't for months. So his friend told him not to ask for it because he would regret it but the real reason is because he didn't want Generic_Name to get it first. This is why you should seek more than one opinion because the person you ask for help might not actually want to help you, just themselves. For instance, my neighbor, Generic_Name, went on a trip to Hawaii with her friends. While she was there she got into an argument with one of them and she felt really bad afterwards. So she asked a different friend named Generic_Name what she should do. Generic_Name said that she should quit worrying as much and not do anything for the friend she was arguing with. Little did Generic_Name know that Generic_Name didn't like the friend she argued with which is why he told her not to do anything about it. Luckily, Generic_Name was smart enough to ask another friend who said she should get the friend flowers. Generic_Name decided to get the flowers and they made up. This is just example of why you shouldn't just ask one person for advice. They could be completely bias and you wouldn't even notice.

Next, you should seek multiple opinions when in need of advice because the person might not know any better than you. Picture this, Generic_Name is in Hawaii with her friends and they came across a cliff that lead into the water if you jumped off. Most of her friends convinced Generic_Name to go first. Right when Generic_Name was getting ready to jump one of her friends stopped her and said they would go check the water first to make sure there weren't any rocks. Turns out, there were tons and that could have seriously injured Generic_Name if she had listened to her other friends. Her friends did not want her to get hurt, they just didn't know any better. A further example is when my mom went to get groceries and forgot what kind of yogurt we get and called me to check. I asked my little brother to do it for me and he said it was the Light and Fit brand and it was organic. So that is what I told my mom. I decided to double check to be sure and found out that it was also gluten free so I immediately told my mom the correct kind. Now this would have resulted poorly because my dad is allergic to gluten and he eats that yogurt a lot. Once again sometimes people aren't trying to give you bad advice or make you do the wrong thing they just do not know any better which is why you always should have multiple opinions.

Finally, you should seek multiple opinions when in need of advice so you can hear from people who have different meaning in your life What I mean by this is when you really need advice and nobody is available besides a peer you barely talk to than their advice will not have enough meaning or importance to even consider what they are saying. For instance, If they tell you that they think you were in the wrong, you might think that they don't even know you that well so why would they be right. Even if they are right about you being wrong. Which is why you have to hear multiple opinions. If you just hear from that person that doesn't have meaning in your life you will only agree with them if you like what you are hearing. Rather than if you talk to your older sister about it and they say that you are in the wrong you are way more likely to consider that and believe it. Studies show that 9 out of 10 people say they would always believe a best friend over a coworker no matter what the situation is.

In conclusion, I decided to ask my friend Generic_Name for advice because she doesn't go to my school and won't be as bias. She told me I should apologize to Generic_Name and tell her the full truth. Generic_Name thanked me and cleared up everything. People should seek multiple opinions when in need of advice because it won't be as bias, they might not know any better than you, and you can hear from people with different meaning in your life. 