Dear Principal,

I believe that policy one is the best option for the school, teachers, faculty, and parents.

In today's world almost everyone has a cell phone.

They have almost become a necessity.

From emergencies to simple messages a cell phone always comes in handy.

I believe that cell phones should be allowed because they are invaluable in emergencies and if you just want to talk to your friends.

I know that cell phones may cause a problem for teachers but with a few simple rules you can keep that the cell phone trouble from happening at all.

Cell phones are not only great tools for talking to friends, they are also great tools in case of emergencies.

From a simple thing like what time your going to be picked up at school to a fire your cell phone is always there to help.

Without cell phones I think that more emergencies would happen and more people would be left without means of communication to their parents/guardians.

In my personal experience I rely on my cell phone to talk to parents, friends, relatives, etc.

I tend to feel almost naked if I don't have my cell phone with me because I rely on it so much.

Which leads me to my next topic, casual cell phone use.

Humans have spent hundreds of years trying to figure out ways of instant communication.

I believe that the cell phone is a perfect solution to this problem.

My cell phone lets me ask my friends for homework or just chat with them.

It is simple, easy, and efficient.

Cell phones are invaluable in this modern world so why not use them?

Problems with cell phones at school can be easily solved with a few simple rules.

I realize that cell phones may cause some problems in class but these are not hard to deal with at all.

A simple rule like teachers taking away cell phones until the students parents pick the cell phone up deals with most of the problem.

I can tell you that at my school cell phones are no problem because of this rule.

The modern day student should be allowed to have a cell phone as it shows responsibility.

If the students are not allowed to have cell phones what will happen if a student brings one as at least one of them is bound to do?

If the cell phone is confiscated then the parents will not be very happy seeing as they payed for it.

That is one of the reasons why I believe that policy two is inefficient and should not be used.

As you can see from the argument above I strongly believe that cell phones should be allowed at school and that policy one should be put in use.

Cell phones provide means of communication in emergencies and they are good for casual use.

Policy two would be an inefficent rule compared to how well policy one would work.

The students would not be tempted to use cell phones during class if they know they got to use them later.

These are only some of the reasons for what I believe but there are many more.

I sincerely hope that you go with policy one.

Sincerely,

A Student