The electoral college is how presidents get elected. But when people vote for president they do not dierectly vote. The electoral collge does not work and is irrational. It does not help anyone and can cause a candidate to lose the presidential election. It just does not work anymore.

The ellectoral college does not work. "The Indefensible Electoral Collge: Why even the best-laid defense of the system are worng" By Bradford Plumer says " The single best argument against the elctoral college is what we might call the disastor factor". They are talking about how Al gore got the popular vote yet George bush won. This is a prime example how the electoral college doesnt work. The voters were cheated into there win. This just shows how unfair it is. "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defense of the system are worng" By Bradford Plumer says "Can voters control whom their electors voe for? Not always."

This basically says it is possible for u to have no input in what u vote for. If your vote does not count then why should u vote. The system doesnt work and needs to be tossed. The whole point of americas goverment is that your voice matters but apparently the electral collge is free from the rule.

The electoral college is out of date acorrding to the article. "In defense of the electoral collge : Five reasons to keep our despised method of chhosing the presidant", says " The elctoral College is widley regradred as an anachronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a presidant out to be [Overruled} by declatring the candidate who recives the most popular votes the winner". This article speaks the truth. Being a democratic like america the people rule and if this method is not democractic then off with it. It does not benifit us and will do more harm then good. "In defense of the electoral collge : Five reasons to keep our despised method of chhosing the presidant", says" The electoral collge avoids the problem of elections in which no candidte recieves a mojority of the votes cast." But that should be the reason one is elected. If they are most popular than why do they not get the vote. If they did the best campainge they should get the victory.

The electoral college is old and illogical. It is tired and needs to be replaced. AMerica is a new country and americans like new things. Change may not all ways be fun but it may be right. WHy should americans go through this hell anymore. Elctions are you as an individual trying to get the one who you approve into office. This is wjhy the electoral college is old and needs to retire. For america.            