The more the better ! Getting Advice from many people is something that every person has do at least once. Getting advice from many people can help you get a different perspective, it can help you in the future,and it can help the community.

Having a different perspective is really good . When you have a different perspective of something you might have a better adtuided . Let's say you fail a test and you have a really bad adtuided and you asked many people what could you do to help and what they say can make you feel better which causes you to have a better a adtuided. Having different perspective also gives you different opinion. I believe that having different opinions is something you should always consider because you most likely will hear the same thing and you might like what they say but you might hear something different and you might like it even more. Having a different perspective can not only give the situation a better perspective but it can also give you a different perspective. Hear me out not only can other peoples perspective give the situation a different point of view but yourself as well. I believe that having advice from many people can really help you have a better perspective, adtuided,and understanding.

Advice from more then one person can help your future. As you grow up you will release that you start to ask for more and more advice. I think the more you ask for advice the more you are most likely to be successful in your future. Advice that is given to you now will help you your whole life. For example my teacher once told me that not understanding how to do something is okay because from that is how we learn from it. The advice given to you is something you will pass down . I think that it's amazing how much advice form who know how long ago has come so far. Advice can help you in the future by developing more and more,remembering it though your life,and pass it on to other generations.

Advice also helps the community. It is proven that when advice is given the community becomes better. I believe that the community can become better when given advice. Part of becoming a better community is teaching others how they can become better. I think that this can be done with giving others advice. When advice is spread form person to person it spreads form community to community and then it spreads from state tot state and eventually the world. Advice needs to be spread all over the world and to make all our communities a better place. Advice can not only impact the community but the world as well

Asking for opinions from more then one person can help you see different opinions,help you later in life, and help the world. Advice can help to see different points of view, help you in your ,and help our community become better. In conclusion I believe that getting advice can help having different perspective and help the community.                 