Dear State Senator, I send you this letter to bring up an issue that is often debated amongst us Americans. Should we kee the Electoral College? No! The electoral college just doesn't work anymore and we have seen that in the past. You probably ask yourself what is wrong with the Electoral College? The problem with the Electoral College is that it is unfair, it doesn't rely on what the people say and it can sometimes really make the public mad.

The Electoral College is really unfair, especially for voters. We vote for who WE want, not for some other guy to say what we want. Voters want THEIR voice to be heard when they vote not someone else's. When we vote for a presidential candidate we want to vote directly for who we are voting, we want to pick who we want directly. In source 2 the article explains how the Electoral College works. The author says "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president." What this means is that when you voted for Obama you didn't vote for Obama , you voted for a group of people to vote for who they wanted. So your voice was not heard. Don't you find that unfair to the voters and to the candidates?

Everytime one person votes for a certain presidential candidate, they are basically ignored. The President should be chosen by the people! And at the moment the President is being chosen by politicians who will "represent" us and repeat what we say although that has been proven to not always be true. Passage 2 reminds us of the incidence in the 2000 election in which Al Gore lost the presidency to George W. Bush by electoral votes, even though he had more inividual votes. This proves that our state representatives will not always represent us how we want them to, but how they want to represent us. This is the reason why voters need a direct voice from them to picking their leaders. We should pick what we want not what some politicians want. You are probably saying that these incedents do not happen very often, as said in source 3. The article says "...it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. Yet that has happened very rarely. It happened in 2000...but that was the first time since 1888" This says that situations like this are very rare, yet it is still possible. Even so, wouldn't you rather the people be heard rather than a politician that claims to represent his state?

So many people got mad in 2000 when they just chose the president most people didn't want. There's many ways to make us Americans mad and this is just another one of those ways. In the United States you are supposed to be able to choose what you believe to be right. If you want to choose what you think should be the future's right president then you should be able to pick him and not have to expect anyone's approval or opinion on your vote. You should be able to walk out from the voting center and say

I

voted for this guy. Eventually keeping the Electoral College will only cause more problems, because as time goes on the human develops its opinion futher and creates and spreads new ideas meaning that there will be more people picking different things. If you think that what you are picking should be picked you should be able to say "I want that" and not have to through the bother knowing that a politician may have chosen what you DON'T want. If you want to make Americans mad, then keep the Electoral College.

In conclusion I think that the Electoral College be removed and the use of popular vote be put into effect because the Electoral College is unfair, it does not reply on what the public says and it makes the Americans mad. Please take this letter into consideration.    