Extracurricular activities can be a fun way to participate in school functions, but forcing a student to participate is not good. Requiring a student to participate in after school activities decreases the likelihood of a student going out and trying those things themselves. Students need free time to just relax and breathe after a hard day at school. The principal's decision wrong because students might have prier engagements, there might not be an activity the students like, and forcing a student to do something creates and negative association school.

Some students do not have the privilege of having a lot of free time. A large percentage of the school population have prier engagements like jobs, babysitting their little siblings, or traveling sports teams. It is unfair for these students to be punished for having other things to do. A lot of us cannot control whether we have things to do most of it is dependent on our parents and what they need from us. I personally need to babysit my younger siblings, so why must I be scolded for not having as much free time as my peers?

It would be almost impossible to provide an activity for every student. For example, if a student likes baseball but both the J.V and varsity teams are filled, what is that student going to do? Most people would say that the student would just have to join another club, but what if that student does not like anything else. Would you force them to do something else, I would hope not. Students need to find their own way without other to force them.

Forcing someone to do something is never good, especially children. We have to allow them to investigate their interests. Never allowing a student to relax can hurt their mental health. They will spend their whole lives looking for the intense structure that had as children. This will form a negative association with school and education in general. The students will never want to come to school because they will be forced into something they do not want to do.

Even though extracurriculars can be beneficial, forcing someone to participate negates the point of extracurriculars. Sometimes students just need time to breathe and take a break. In conclusion, forcing a student to do something can have many adverse effects, such as building a negative association with school, ruining on the personal lives of the students, and the dissatisfaction of students.  