Beep. Beep. Beep.

Oh no that's your alarm clock. You have 20 minutes to rush and get ready for school before you miss the bus, again. You can't afford to miss the bus because your mom already left. As you hurry out the door you remember you didn't eat breakfast. "Oh well" you think, you rarely eat breakfast anyways. Once you get to school, loud noises and stress about your English project fill your head. As you go throughout the day, all you think about is that glorious bell that rings at 2:10 on the dot to save you. Then you'll finally be able to go home, just to do this all over again the next day. Public school has created an environment filled with bullying, stress, and does not benefit students who face learning or mental disabilities, but online school could be a solution to these issues.

Every student who has been in a public school has had the thought, "What if they don't like me?". Bullying and discrimination have become so normalized in the school system all across the country, to the point where students feel there is no one to go to. Everyone must fit into a certain standard, or else they are considered "weird" or get left out. If you don't have the latest shoes or wear your hair a certain way, then chances are, it's going to be hard to immediately fit in. We were taught as kids that it's OK to be different, but is it really? If you dont find a clique to fit in with, no one will take you in. School has become less and less about learning, and more about the ability to make people like you. You can see it as soon as you walk into a public school. Girls wearing clothes they hate, but do it because if they don't, they won't have friends, and boys playing sports that they don't even like, all so they'll fit into a group. The need to feel liked by your peers has taken a large toll on student's mental health. Many students dread going to school due to the hate as soon as they walk into the building. With online school, students will never have to fear hate from their peers again, and be able to be at peace with what they choice to wear and do.

Did you the math homework? Oh and the history project? What about the 5 page English essay? The science lab, did you finish it? An average high school student takes 7 classes, with only about an hour a day for that class. So to fit in the information not covered in class, teachers will assign homework every night. Every teacher will tell you homework shouldn't take more than an hour. Now multiply that hour by your other seven classes. Students already wake up at early hours every weekday just to go to sleep at late hours due to homework. With online classes, these unfair hours won't affect students. The option of waking up later and being able to spread out your classes will help student's stress levels tremendously. There will be no more rushing to do your homework on the bus or not wanting to go to school because you and your teacher don't get along. With less stress on students backs, grades could possibly be affected positively and students will feel happier about the idea of school.

Public school was built on an idea that every student is perfect, but that is in fact not the case. Not every student has the mental or physical capability of sitting in a brightly lit classroom for an hour at a time, listening to a teacher drone on and on about a subject that does not interest them. Not every special needs student is properly diagnosed, so they're seen to be

"dumb" by their teachers and peers. Students with things such as ADHD are not benefited with how the school system is currently setup. Their brain structure just does not allow them to sit and focus for an hour at a time, seven times a day. Many students are athletes, and with athletics come concussions. Many concussed students are told by medical professionals to not go to school, yet they still have to, because if they don't, they fail. There are so many setbacks for many students in the current public school system, that online school should be an easier option for them. Students with learning disabilities will have a better opportunity to pass, without fearing judgment from others. Students with focusing problems can now space out their classes and be able to move around as they learn. Students with medical issues can learn from the comfort of their own home and do as the doctor informed them to. Online school can create countless opportunities for students who need them most.

Bullying and stress in public schools can finally be ended, along with giving students with learning disabilities new advantages. Online school can now reach out to students who were feeling as if there was no hope left. It can hopefully improve grades, and increase graduation rates. There will be many more students wanting to go to college and create new jobs and career options. Online school can make a great impact on our future.    