So our principal has made a new rule that everyone must do an extracurricular activity. This is debated by people. Do these extracurricular activities benefit kids?

I agree with my prinicipal. This is a great idea, a healthy way of school for students. The students get to meet new people and possibly make new friends, and if they join a club or a team with their friends they can play with them. For sports they get to work together as a team and do their best. For clubs they can solve issues or help out the school with things like the yearbook club and student council. These clubs and sports teams are very fun with friends and meeting new people and making friends is even better!

This also gives something for students to do. Instead of going home and immedietly playing video games or waiting for the weekend this gives students an opportunity to do something after school instead of going home and getting bored. This also makes students more social and talkative. By having to work with new people and building relationships with people and this is where you make new friends! By having good social skills and being able to be coached or cabable of working with others helps you get known as a fun person to play or work with in clubs. Also if you are good at it it's even better!

This can also help the school. With clubs this can help the school get things done like the yearbook and the student council can make decisions on what to move forward with. Sports can help raise money for the school with fundraisers, and their success might help too. This also helps the school improve by solving problems like fixing broken items or getting jerrseys etc. When the school doesn't have many problems than everyone is ok and nobody is unhappy with the school

Having after school activities is good. This helps kids and helps the school. Kids get tthe opportunity to make friends, play fun sports and help the school. This benefits lots of people and will make people happy.                                                             