In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author reveals that, in the near future, automatic cars that remain capable of running without a human driver are very possible. Although the author presents some negatives of these driverless cars, the positives most definitely overtake the negatives. Driverless cars are an amazing, technologically advanced, useful invention than any user would benefit greatly from. Every type of user, whether it be someone who uses itonce a month or every day, would benefit from attaining a driverless, automatic car. They are coming soon, in the very near future, and there are many good things that society should look forward to whenever they become a reality.

Driverless cars seemed to be such a futuristic idea until automobile companies began creating automatic systems within cars. Although these cars still require a human driver, they are very close to getting to the point where a driver is not necessary. In the article, the author states that cars already made, "...alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents." This statement reveals that although the automatic components are very useful and beneficial, the cars still, at this point, require a driver. However, sensors that have been advanced within the last ten years can almost individually run the car. The author states that even though the progress of sensors that can lock the brakes, accelarate the vehicle, and steer the car has been very substantial, "Further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own." By stating this, the author opens readers up to the fact that different sensors are being created in order to complete the different tasks and skills that driving requires. Soon enough, within only some years, a few companies have stated that they believe they will have a completely driverless car completed by the year 2020. These completely automatic cars will help and assist users by allowing for better transportation and accounting for more accurate driving techniques.

The invention of these driverless cars will not only assist users of the technological advancement, but will also help to save the environment. The cars that Google cofounder Sergey Brin, "forsees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus." When the author states this fact, readers can understand that these driverless cars would ultimately change the entire world. By using less fuel, there are less toxic fumes going into the air. Currently, air pollution is a large issue in today's society as a whole. If these driverless cars are invented in the short time that they are predicted to arrive, the world could take a complete turn towards a better ecosystem.

Ultimately, driverless cars seem to be a very positive oncoming invention. As they are already more than halfway towards becoming an actual item, many companies are working extremely hard to bring this idea fully to life. The benefits of more efficient public transportation and easier assistance remain very important and useful to the people of today's society. The fact that these public transportation driverless cars would be better for the ecosystem and allow for less air pollution is yet another reason in which they would benefit greatly everyone and the entire world, in the long run. Driverless cars are not something that people should be afraid of; they are simply just technology being taken to the next level. As many people, such as Sergey Brin, foresee, driverless cars would benefit and take over many daily tasks, help the environment, and solve issues for public transportation.