You've been waitng for six months now and today is finally the day you take your driver's test. You are beyond excited because you finally get to drive without your parents. There is something so exciting about being behind the wheel because you are the only one in control. Being able to drive your own car car feels awesome. Driverless cars do not get you that same feeling as if you were in complete control. I am against the development of driverless cars, because the driver isn't in control, technology screws up, and who's to blame in the scene of an accident?

There is something so satisfying about being able to drive your own car. Knowing you are in complete control can be a little scary.

Being the person in control can make you more responsible and aware of your surroundings. Driverless cars are not like that, even though they can alert you when there is complicated traffic, you could still doze off or be in the middle of watching a movie. When Google can make cars completely driverless what is the point of "keeping your eyes on the road" if the car is already doing that for you.

Technolgy today is very impressive and has come a long way, but still isn't as perfect as the human senses. If you are "driving" down the road in a driverless car and you fall asleep. All of a sudden the car crashes because dirt flew into one of the sensors. If you were actually driving the car you would have been able to avoid this situation and been aware of the surroundings. There will always be glitches in technolgy and something could always go wrong.

In case of an accident who is to blame, the company or the person in the car?

Well it is a driverless car, right?, so the driver should be able to do things that normaly can't be done when driving. The company of the driverless car might say it was the drivers fault becasue they were asleep or texting. In general there will be conflict between who's fault it was. In reality if it was a normal car it would have been the driver's fault.

Driverless cars wouldn't be able to give you the thrill of being behind the wheel, technolgy is not perfect, and in the event of an accident who is to blame. Driverless cars really show how developed technolgy has become. When it comes to safety, we already have drunk drivers so the roads don't need driverless cars getting into accidents as well. 