"Thank god I got to talk to mom, dads advice was horrible." Generic_Name said, as he finally learned how to tie his shoe. This is just one of many instances of how getting more than one person to help you with something is beneficial. Some people think that more than one opinion can be confusing or make people over think but in the end it helps you more than it hurts you. 2nd or 3rd opinions can make you look at things from a different point of view, it can also make people reflect on a bad decision and finally it can make someone better at giving advice. Therefore multiple opinions are great and can really help you grow as a person.

First Off like said in the 1st paragraph

2nd and 3rd opinions will help you look at things from a different point of view. It could make you change your mind or even make you see something from a way you never could've imagined. For Example, lets say you wanted to go out late with your friends to watch a movie and your dad says yes, but then you run it by your mom and she reminds that even though it's a Friday night you have a game tomorrow. So you take into account what your mom says and you stay home. The next day you score 3 goals and one of those goals were the game winning goal. Now what if you had listened to your dad who had disregarded the fact that you had game and complete forgot. But thankfully, you listened to your mom who reminded you that you had a game although you completely forgot. This ties back to the fact that 2nd opinions make you look at things from a different point of view. You could've easily just gone to the movies with out remembering that you had a game. But because you asked your mom she reminded you that you had a game and saved you from trouble in the next morning. Another example is, when people are hurt or sick and they go to the doctor sometimes that first, second or even third doctor dont know whats going on but if you choose to accept your fate you'll truly never know whats going on. Now imagine that you went to that 5th doctor and he helps you realize that that head ache wasn't from working out. It was from lack of sleep. Now your on the right medication and living your best life. All because you kept asking you now have headache free days this ties back to the fact that second or 3rd opinions can make you look at things from a different point of view if he had just quit he would still have that headache but the 5th doctor made him realize that the headache wasn't from working out it was from lack of sleep.

Next, multiple opinions can help you reflect on bad decisions. If you make the wrong decision even after you get advice from multiple people maybe you won't need there advice at all next time. For example, if you had forgot to do homework even though your teacher had reminded you to do it but your friends told you to play video games with them instead and now you have an F in the class maybe next time you'll go with your gut instead and just do the homework. This ties back to the fact that multiple opinions can help you reflect on bad decisions because now you know that school comes first and you won't need to ask anyone when it comes to that. Another example is what if you want to go out with your friends but you know if you go out this weekend you cant go out next weekend so you ask your first friend and he tells you to just go out but then you ask your other friend and he reminds you that theres a big party next week. You end up listening to your first friend and miss the big party next week all because you were inpatient. Now next time I bet you wont miss the party.

Finally, multiple opinions can help you give other people opinions. If you here different perspectives from multiple people it will help you be more wise and maybe next time you will be able to help out other people. For example,imagine your brother asks you for advice on how to make the baseball team and you remember that multiple coaches told you the most important thing was to always hustle so than you tell your brother that and he make the team. This reflects on the fact that multiple opinions can make you more wise because if he hadn't known about that who knows maybe his brother doesn't make the team. Another example is, imagine you friend is nervous before a test but you remember the advice all the teachers gave you. You give him the advice and he gets an 100% on the test. Without your advice he would've failed. Therefore multiple opinions will grow your wisdom and that will help others as well.

In the end multiple opinions are a key factor on everyday success, like said in the story it helps you look at things from a different point of view, it can also make people reflect on a bad decision and finally it can make someone better at giving advice. Therefore it helps you more than it hurts you so you should get multiple opinions in life you never know how it could benefit you.