Having technology to read a student's emotional expressions is outstanding. The technology can see how your feeling, if your feeling sick, sad, happy, angry, and surprised. It can help councelors see how you are feeling with problems you may have or just how your feeling that day or the week in general. If students used this new idea, it would be helpful for guidance councelors as well for helping students with problems with school/homework or dealing with drama.

This technology can help prevent more teenagers/children committing suicide. This is especially important because everyday teenagers commit suicide due to the fact that they are getting bullied at school, feeling sad, have depression issues, and have suicidal thoughts or actions. The technology can help prevent this because it detects if a person or student is sad, happy, depressed, mad, or having suicidal thoughts. Everyday parents and everyone in this world lose their children/teenagers from suicide. If students all around the United States of America stopped bullying each other we wouldn't have so many teens committing suicide every year.

The technology can also help with elderly people who have short term memory loss or dementcia. It can help the elder person and the nurses or relatives if they are in a nursing home because it helps the nurses see how that elderly person is feeling and how their emotional state is doing on that day. It could possibly help with the elderly with dementcia and their memory and possibly help them regain some memories they once had but forgot.

This emotional state detecting technology can change the way we deal with things. This new idea can help so many teenagers out with problems and adults as well. The technology can be a game changer and a very helpful resource or tool too many people in the United States of America and all over the world. Technology has advanced so much in the past decade but this new technology can save millions or thousands of lives every year from comitting suicide or with problems people may have all around the world.