You have a big decision to make, the stress is starting to get to you, you ask your mom for advice but you still don't know what to do!

For years now lots of people have turned for advice but only asked one person. I'm here to tell you that asking more than one person can lead you too a better choice. I believe asking lots of people for help is good because there is no bias, more support, and a clearer mind.

My first reason is, is that theres no bias. This is amazing when getting advice because they don't know the back story. That is great because they don't know about any of the things that are swaying you decision so they can just tell you straight what they think and why. Another thing about bias is that there not in your situation. For example, lets say your asking for advice whether you should switch soccer teams or not. One team will make you more successful but the other you have your friends on, your bias is that you want your friends. If you ask someone else, they would tell you what they think is best for you. Also, if you ask one of your friends on the soccer team with your friends on it for advice, they will have a bias and say that you should come to there team. Thats another reason why you should ask multiple people for advice. My last reason why no bias is good is that bias means being swayed to one side or having clouded judgment. So it's good to ask more than just one person and not just in your family since your family has a close personal connection to you, then bias will be eliminated.

Secondly, there will be more support. This is true because you will have more people to open up to. Let's say that you told people that you were gonna stop smoking and needed advice how, just letting that out and telling people makes your feel like theres more people supporting you. Another reason why more support is good is because there is less stress. There is less stress because if you have more people supporting you, then it's proven to make your feel like you have people on your side. Therefore, that reduces your stress because you don't feel so alone anymore. That leads me to my last reason why more support is good, it's that you won't be as sad. This is great because when you ask people for advice, then you know that they are truly trying to help you. That can help you make a better choice because you feel like everything is more under control and that makes you happier. Just being happier can help you make a better choice because it gets rid of most negative thoughts and helps you think of the pros of the choice and not just cons.

Finally, my last reason why getting multiple opinions on your decision is, that you will have a clearer head. Having a clear head is critical to making a good decision. Asking other people can clear you head because they have a different point of view, so they can help you map out the pros and cons of making the right decision since they might have caught something you missed. That then clears your mind to be able to see all of the aspects of the decision. Having a clear mind also makes your more relaxed which great because it means you wont have any other thoughts clouding your judgment or causing you to be confused. That way when you ask other people for advice you will be able to take it all in and really hear what there trying to tell you. My last reason why having a clear head is good is that it calms you down. Some studies show that when your calm and confident, you will make better decisions. So with being calm, confident, and getting multiple point of views, your sure to make the right choice.

In conclusion, I think that asking more than one person for advice is good because theres no bias, more support, and a clearer head. I personally have made better decisions and choices when I ask lots of other people for advice, not just one. After reading this, are you going to ask more than one person the next time you need advice?