Dear Principle,

I think your idea of not letting students participate in sports or other activities unless they have at least a B average is not fair to these students. Please note that these students mostly have a C average. If you do decide to go through with this policy then there wont be a lot of students attending these events because they wont be allowed to go. And if students wont be able to go, you wouldn't be able to get any funds for more schools activities and sports.

I argue with this policy because I am one of these students who has a C average. I love participating in sports and activities. Its a time for us, students, to socialize with out getting in trouble. Another reason I believe you shouldn't create this policy is because it gives us and maybe even the teachers to have something to look forward to. After long days we would like to hangout with our friends even if the activity is at school .

These students are good students and they deserve to be on sports teams if they want to, same with activities. I hope you understand that C 's are not bad grades, the students could do better but C 's are not horrible. I have a suggestion for you. Maybe you should let the students with C averages be on whatever sports team they want; but for activities, maybe only let them go to 3 activities and once they bring their average up more let them go to more activities. It's just a suggestion.

I hope you won't go through this policy. Yes, it would give us a reason to do better on our work, but knowing some students they wont really try harder. Like I said before C averages are not that bad. We do like to hang out after school at school and I know for a fact that some people love playing sports. That's another reason not to do this. For the people who love playing sports, I think not being able to represent their school would crush them. I mean that's probably why they like school because they can play sports with their friends and use up all their energy. That's what they love doing. So, please don't have this policy at our school. I know that no one would like it, including me.

Sincerely,

Your Student