Extracurricular activities are great. They can teach you life skills, give you experience for future events or jobs, and they can help you stay healthy, These activities are also good for your mentality. Extracurriculars are important because they play a role in our society that takes care of younger generations, and with few exceptions, should be mandatory.

Sports are common examples of such activities. Many people love playing them, they have fun, and they learn something new. Most sports teach you about teamwork and how to help better your team. Everybody learns together, finds out what they're good at, and executes their jobs. Sports also help you find self-worth. Sports can help find a passion for something you didn't know you had. They can ignite a fire inside you and push you towards your goals, just as you push yourself. Sports are also good for your free time. When you have sports on your schedule, it always gives you something to look forward to, maybe even a constant in your life. Having these items on your calendar can also give you a feeling of satisfaction and content.

As well as sports, fitness in general is something to keep you moving. If you need motivation, just work out. Staying fit always keeps you healthy. It also makes you happier. The sensation of working hard in a workout creates a chemical reaction in your brain, making you happier. If you need help getting over something, it will get you through your problems by distracting you and making you content. Staying fit can also be a great confidence booster in the sense that you can feel ready to do anything after you've finished whatever it may be that you're doing.

Another thing after school activities are good for is interaction. It's sounds simple, but that's because it is. Simply interacting with other people in some sort of project can get you to collaborate with people you didn't know before. Depending on what you're doing, something you learn in an activity may become useful you later on. It could be an enlightening experience to help you in the future. Such activities also increase your socialization. This is good, especially for anybody participating that usually goes through things by themselves anyway. You can make a lot of friends and have great conversations if you take the time to talk to the new people you're working with, no matter what it is.

To finish off, these are the three reasons extracurricular activities are good for people. Sports, fitness, and basic interaction teach you many things and they can all be achieved in your free time. Stay active, stay healthy, stay happy. Whatever you learn once may be used again in the future, you just need to remember how to use your knowledge to your advantage. 