Living in a polluted world were you cannot see the sun is not ideal, most of pollution comes from car emmisions. We as people today cannot imagine what it would be like without a car, but there are advantages of not having one. There is a city in VAUBAN, Germany that residents have given up cars.

VAUBAN is a experimental community that has "car-free" streets. "Car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to park- large garages at the edge of the development, where a car-owner buys a space, for 40,000, along with a home"(s1p2). At first glance this experimental town might seem to be completly outrageous, but it works very well,this community has 5,500 residents. Without a car life would seem to be a lot harder, moving around would require effort, but towns like this one have all the shopping and parks within walking distance of your home. Stores arent spread out,so it doesn't take a 15 minute driveto get to the store, but only a 5 minute walk. A resident of the town said that " When i had a car i was always tense"(s1p3). To me this means that the resident no longer had to worry about getting into a car and worry about getting into a accident, all they have to worry about is catching the bus.

Car congestion is the worst when you are trying to get to home or to work, in the big capitals  around the world they have banned driving for certain people forspecific day every week. Paris is a example of one of these countries, if you were caught you had to pay a 31 dollar fine. After 5 days congestion was down 60%. "According to the BBC public transit was free of charge from Friday to Monday"(s2p18). Other countries are doing this as well, In BOGOTA, Columbia they have a program called "A Day Without Cars". In this program all cars a banned, the only way to get around is with taxis and buses, people who dont agree have to pay a 25 dollar fine." It's a good opportunity to take away stress said Carlos Plaza"(s3p24). From this event many countries have come to observe to take the idea and apply in their country, also parks and sporting center have popped up becasue the people are more active.

Having a car isn't all it is cracked up to be , owning cars and getting licenses have decreased in the past years. This is because people are finding better ways to get around without harming the enviornment. Paris,France had smog so bad that it rivaled Beijing, Chinia, but with the legislation and cooperation of the public they were able the get the smog to go down. There are many advantages of not having a car, you can relax and destress, help the enviorment , and be able to see the sun during the day due to car emmisions going down to almost non-existent.                    