What would you do if you saw a face on Mars? Twenty five years ago we found a landform that looks like a face on mars surface. It is a big ovle that looks like it has eyes a face and nose. The face is looking right out into outer space and it has a veiw of the whole solar system. When the NASA spacecraft called Viking 1 taking pictures of spots were its sister ship could land Viking 2 it was if the face was looking at them. There is not a face on mars, it is just a landform with a shadow that makes it look like a face.

There must have been a degree of surprise among mission controllers back at the Jet Propulsion Lab when the face appeared on their monitors. In paragraph three is says that A few days after discovering the face they set it out for all to see, and the caption noted "huge rock formation which resembles a human head formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." The "Face on Mars" has since become a pop icon. On April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time, and took pictures with there Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) they revealed that there were no aliens and that it was just a landform.

In paragraph eight it says that not everyone was satisfied. The Face on Mars is located at forty-one degrees norht martian latitude where it was winter in april '98 a cloudy time of year on the planet. So skeptis said that perhaps the the alien markings were hidden by the haze. "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size," he added. So if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids you could tell what they are.

What the picture actually shows is the Matian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around American West. This pictures shows a face but it is just a landform with a shadow making it look like it has eyes, a mouth, and a nose. People think that aliens are making signs saying that this land is theres but its just a landform nothing more, nothing less. On April 8, 2001, a cloudless summer day in Cydoria Mars Global Surveyor (MOC) drew close enough for a second look. "We had to roll the spacecraft 25 degrees to center the Face in the field of view," said Garvin. Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolutuin. Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo.

The Face on Mars has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows and even haunted grocery store checkout lines for twenty five years! Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. Meanwhile defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancietn civilazation on Mars. But there is no such thing as aliens, nothing can live on mars or any other planets besides earth. Some scientists think that the Face was an alien artifact, photographing \Cydonia became a priority for NASA when Mars Global Surveyor (MGS) arrived at the red planed in Sept. 1997, eighteen long years after the Viking missions ended. 