Why drivers should not access their phones while driving

Majority of the population today are glued to their phones more and more every day or either own one. The problem is, we can never put them down when convenient. This is much of a safety hazard, especially if we are driving. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones while operating a vehicle, because it is a very dangerous task, drivers are more likely to be the cause of the accident, and it can be very costly for some.

People do not think of it as much, but they are putting many lives at risk. Reasons why people should not have their phones on person while driving a vehicle is because it is a real life safety hazard on the road for you and others. Drivers can get easily distracted by what is on their phone, and are far more likely to get in an accident with another driver or swerve off the road. Which leads to confrontation with the driver that was hit and when incidents like these happen, people do not survive. Studies show that distracted drivers on their phones caused twenty-six percent of car accidents in 2014 and text messaging five percent. Any time the driver is distracted with a cell phone in hand, they are driving dangerously and are risking other lives on the road as well as their own. So holding a phone to talk or scrolling through social media means that one hand is off the wheel, which greatly reduces the driver's control of the vehicle. Studies also show that using a phone while driving means that the driver's eyes and focus are now on the completing task with the phone instead of the road. If someone needs to brake, avoid, or use their horn to alert another driver about something, they may not have enough time because they were not paying attention. Intoxication is one reason but distracted driving will always be number one according to researchers. More and more people need to be more considerate from pedestrians to other drivers at risk.

While taking a phone call or text is dangerous enough, those drivers are more likely to be the cause of the accident. This is not good on the driver that caused it nor the other driver. As to whoever is driving the vehicle is on their phone, their eyes automatically start to drift off and cause the accident. According to daily news, younger Americans are much more likely to have been arrested than previous generations because of them being on their phones while driving. It also states that Americans under the age of 26 are much more likely to be arrested for being on their phones while driving and causing an accident. With the increase in arrest rates, this occurs more rapidly among white Americans, women, and teens. It is known that the fine in Georgia, while texting and driving, is one-hundred fifty dollars and it also carries one point on your driving record which may result in higher insurance or even cancellation. As this is a well known problem, there is a solution. More and more states are trying to pass a law as to where Americans can use hands-free technology when they want to have access to a phone call. Such as using Bluetooth headphones, so drivers do not have to take their eyes off the road and be the cause of the accidents that occur overtime.

Not everyone likes to pay for expensive things such as taxes, bills, fixing things that have broken in your house, etc. So having to pay insurance for somebody else's car and your car, is something I do not think anybody would want to go through in any point of their lifetime. To avoid those mishaps, it is best that drivers stay off their phones while driving a vehicle. According to researchers, on average, most car accident settlements range between fourteen thousand and twenty-eight thousand dollars depending on the accident. So imagine have to pay that much money because somebody decided to look down at their phone, and cause an accident. Thinking about that can have people think twice about not wanting to look at their phones while driving. Sometimes it does not change all of people's minds, and people still continue to make that terrible decision.

In conclusion, drivers should not be able to use their phones while driving because it many problems that we do not need. We do not always have to have our phones, there is plenty of time to wait. So I think people should think twice before they pull out their phone while driving.      