Imagine students get distracted by their phones all the time for attending classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. There are lots of students who are homeschooling that aren't getting any benefits. Students should be able to go to school to maintain on what they are doing and get benefits from that. Students shouldn't attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because it's distracing from their task, not clear on what they are doing, and lack of communication with people.

First of all, it distracts from their task; such as playing games on their phone, texting, taking pictures, etc. All these consequences will effect the students from learning at home by not completing their task. For example, one of my aunt's daughter she was having hard time waking up early in the morning so she started homeschooling. But she ended up not doing her school work and be on her phone the whole time playing games. This wouldn't benefit her from homeshooling or video conferencing because of getting distraced by her phone.

Another consequence will be not clear on what they're doing. There is no benefit of attend classes from home if students have no clue on what they're doing because they need to have a clear idea on what they are doing so that they can do the right thing. For example, another friend of mine he is not good at English but he still chose to homeschooled because of poor communication. He regreted that he homeschooled because he had trouble understaning on what he was doing and it turned out he did bad on his task.

Last but not least lack of communication with people will have no benefit from attend classes from home. At some point, students should have practice of communicating with people such as teachers, counselors, and other students. For example, one of my friend in New York, she started homeschooling because she was insecured about herself. Later on, she did not get any benefit because she wanted to get a cashier job and she could not talk to people.

It is very important that students should be able to attend classes in school to get their benefits. Some may argue that phones will help students to stay on their task, follow online instructions, communicate with their parents can help attend classes from home will be beneficial. This isn't true because students can do anything from their phone to get distraced from work, they might not understand what the online instructions is trying to say, they might not want to communicate with their parents sometimes. Overall there is no need for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. 