Students will definitely perform and benefit better if they attend school at home. One reason,is that the students will get to concentrate better. It would also give students more time to sleep in and wake up less tired. lastly, students getting along with teacher and students.

Students being able to concentrate better at home than being at school is more assuring for their grade and learning. At school you are more likely to talk and be distracted by other students in the class, which can effect your learning capabilities. Learning in a class can be distracting sometimes when they are 30 plus students, cause of that the teacher not always able to answer your question when you need help. Teacher not being able to answer your questions results to you not understanding the material needed for the class. Learning at home is a better concentration zone for your learning environment

Getting more sleep for kids to wake up feeling refreshed is essential for their working abilities. Waking up so early for students can be hard, to the point some students start having attendance issues. Not going to school makes them not to learn and slack off at school. With other students they can't focus, because they are so tired that they zone out and not listen to the teachers lesson. Students being able to wake up later to do their school work online can improve their attitude and waking up issues. Kids being able to wake up at a later time to do work improves their grade and work rate.

A common problem schools have is that students tend not to like all the teachers they have. With some students they have a tendency to not do their work assigned. At times teachers have a habit of treating other different, so not everyone gets the right treatment. Student being able to do their own work they don't gotta worry who they get along, which leads to getting good grades and staying on task.

I believe doing school work at home benefits students in a positive way that helps them grow as a student. Also, making their learning life more easy but efficient as the same time. Their learning abilities improve as there isn't anything that can distract or make you feel inferior to everyone else.     