Have you ever asked someone for advice but still not been sure about your decision? If so you should have tried asking more people. Asking multiple people for advice is a great way to see different sides of an argument. Three reasons to ask for multiple opinions are different views, not a biased outcome and, better reasoning for the final verdict.

The first reason that it is good to get multiple opinions is different views is because people may see the same problem but get a different answer. This then allows you to get more idea of the outcome of the solution that you may not have seen before. It is also good to get different opinions because you may get different views and you still don't have a set answer, you can decide based on the number of people who voted each way.

The second reason is that it is good to get a non-biased answer is so that you don't miss an opportunity because you asked one person who dislikes something that you wanted to do. When you get multiple opinions you set yourself up to get a non-biased opinion so that you are not unfair to one side of an argument. A non-biased opinion is extremely important when it comes to a big decision that could hurt you later on in life so it just a good idea to make sure you see both sides of an argument.

The final reason is that you get a better final decision out of it. The reason for this is because you are putting in more time by asking more people that you really get to think about the problem at hand. This helps because sometimes people end up ruining themselves by rushing headfirst into something without thinking about the consequences that the decision may have. The reason you are asking multiple people in the first place is so that you can get a better final verdict on the topic so you know you aren't making a mistake by doing something.

Three reasons that getting multiple opinions is a good thing are different views, a non-biased answer and, a better final verdict. Which is why I believe that getting multiple opinions is the smart thing to do.