Dear Florida state senator,

The Electoral College may seem like a great thing to have but I think it may not be the best idea. There are plenty of reasons and one of them is that it is kind of unfair that we really don't get to vote. We vote to see who is more popular with the people but if the Electoral College wants someone else, they can vote for the person they want. People think they are voting and no one else is making the decision for them but they are being lied to. It is an unfair way of voting and is is non-democratic way in most people's eyes.

Although, most of the time the voters get who they voted for, it happened to not be that way one time. In 2000, Gore had more popular votes than Bush but Bush won because he had more electoral votes and the people were angry. The Electoral College didn't go with what the voters wanted, but what they themselves wanted. People are being lied to that they have a say so in who should be president. Yes, most of the time they go with the voters but at any time they can disregard the popular votes and vote for who they want. If that's the case then no one should vote since they basically only have an opinion on who should be elected.

I said it was a non-democratic way before and it really is. It isn't really a free way of voting, we give an opinion and the Electoral College votes for whoever. It fits back when America was just becoming America, but it is too old now. When the Declaration of Independance was made and a little while after that is what time era I think it should have died out. It is other people voting for us. In America, we have a voice, we can state opinions, we can vote too, but the Electoral College votes for us. It is telling our opinion, it is telling who we want, but why can't we have direct voting? It just isn't fair to the voters because they aren't really voting, just expressing an opinion.

Speaking of unfair, the number of electoral votes each state gets is outragously unfair! Why is it based on the number of people in the state? Why can't people just vote directly and not have to worry about how many electoral votes they can get? For example, Florida has 29, Texas has 38, and Claifornia has 55. They are all big numbers and they can easily make a huge impact on who becomes president. The less populated states on the other hand, don't really do much justice. Maine has 4, Hawaii has 4, and Alaska has 3. It seems really unfair to those states because they have a small chance of actually making any sort of dent in the numbers. Alaska's numbers compared to California's numbers is just really unfair. If people were able to vote directly, then it would be fair game for the states with fewer electoral votes.

In the end, people know the Electoral College is an unfair way of voting. People are lied to about being able to vote because it is not direct because it is the Electoral College decides anyway. The state numbers are really unfair, it is a non-democratic way of voting, and people think it is way out of date. If the Electoral College were to trade spots with the voters who aren't in it, I'm sure they'd say that it is really unfair. People don't really get to vote, if anything, there should be direct voting like most people believe there is. It would be more fair for states like Alaska and all the other states with really small numbers. I'm sure it is easy to keep track of the numbers with electoral votes, but yet like I said, it is really unfair for the smaller populated states.

Yours sincerily, Alexandria    