How to know how a student feels in your class? This could help all teachers to get an idea of how a student feels in their class. Although having a great relationship with each student, some might dislike the way a teacher is teaching. The use of the technology should be used because it's important to know how a student feels in the class whether confused, bored, or any emotion.

The reason to know how a sutdent feels in class is important or good is because the student should be paying attention to the teacher in order to learn. But something can be throwing the student off. It can be not understanding what is happening in the classroom or it can also be something inner with the student. In the passage it stated " 'A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,' Dr. Huang predicts. 'Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.' " As said knowing how the student is the teacher can change the lesson. Although teaching how a teacher wants to teach, it's some times good for a teacher to change their way of teaching so the student can understand mor and also not to be confused. Weather it's something the teacher doesn't like to do it's better to try out new things.

Nowadays it's important to know how student feels espically for high schools. Not all sudents will always want to be in school sitting at their desk listening to teachers. Want to miss school just to not be bored. But if the class were fun they would stay. If they had any friends in their class they wouldn't pay attention to the teacher and would just sit there talking to their friends. "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional comunication." Most students wouldn't tell the teacher how they feel in the class. They'd rather say nothing and just sit in class and fail. The teacher would try to ask the student how they feel but the student will tell the teacher but nothing change.

As it can be seen it matters. Some times it's the students fault making their own decision. If the teacher is good teaching and all the students are happy and that the teacher can see it it's fine because they won't have to be worried about their way of teaching.