The author tellus about the two planet that are right ext to each other. The author tells us how there one in specfic that a lot like earth. He tells us that for decades we have been wanting to find out more about Venus but its just complicated the temperature and eveyrhting about it. he thinks that it is important to learn more about the planet so that later in life we could send people and build things there for example the hovering vechiles he talked about.

The author suggests that studying Venus is a worth pursuit despite the dangers it present because out of all the other planet in the solar sydtem Venus is the that is more like earth. It talks about how dangerous it is how the machines that they send to Venus dont last long because of things are in Venus. Obvisouly he or she thinks that its worth it because the author tells us how "researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus." He says that "our travels on earth and beyond shouldnt be limited by dangers and doubts but should expand to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation."

The author had said that most likely probably at one point Venus was covered largely with oceans and could have supported various of life, just like Earth. I mean in my opinion that would be smart to learn more about the planet because we never know the world might come to its end and we need to be prepared to move in somewhere new. It has some features that are analogous to those on Earth, the planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as velleys, mountains and craters that furthermore Venus might be our nearest option for planetary visits.

The autor want or tells us that NASA has one particulary idea for sending humans to study venus. Nasa's possible solution to hostlie conditions on the surface of venus would allow scientists to float abovethe fray. Like a blimp lke vechile hovering 30 or miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. it tells us that " solar power would be plentiful, and radiations would not exceed Earth levels , not easy conditions, but survivable for humans. If at one point there was living life in Venus i feel like that would be important what if there s living life there but we just havent found it there might others things in venus that could help earth in some type of way. 