People ask for advice all the time. Other people's input can help us consider different possibilities before we make a decision. Based on what you like or dislike, you can make your decisions, but going on our thoughts alone can make decision making hard and stressful. One person's opinion can help us make decisions, but one person does't represent many different ideas. They can only give a few. When you have others opinions on something, then you can also consider those opinions when you go to make your decision. When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. This is helpful because they can consider the ups and downs of a decision. Multiple opinions can also help us prepare for challenges, and give us a sense of finality when we make our decision that we have thought about it, and taken into account many different opinions.

When people make lasting decisions, knowing the consequences of that decision are important. When you talk to more than one person about making an important decision, you can get a clearer picture on how things will play out. An example would be if someone were going to steal something. If they asked multiple sources, then they would get multiple responses, like "stealing is bad" and "if you get caught stealing, you might go to jail" or "stealing is good. You should try it" . Depending on their motivation, and the advice they get the person could say "i'm not going to steal", because of all of the drawbacks. If that person had only asked one person, and that person had said "stealing is good", then the person considering stealing is in trouble, because if they make their decision with the advice that stealing is good not knowing the consequences, then they could get into legal trouble. If you only get one opinion on what we are trying to do, then we can sometimes get the wrong advice. Another example is if someone is trying to ask someone out on a date. If the person asks more people, they can get a better understanding of how that scenario will take place. With multiple opinions, you can consider the up: the person you ask out saying yes, or the down: The person you ask out saying no. When you way all of the different opinions like "go for it, you have nothing to lose" to "don't do it, because she doesn't like you", you can get a better understanding of what will happen in that moment, because you have opinions that help you. When you have more opinions on a decision, and you know the pros and cons, you can use that information to make good decisions.

When you ask multiple people for advice, there is a better chance of you making a better decision because you are armed not only with your own opinion, but with many others. Often, if there is a challenge that you face, having many people helping you will give you more of a chance to overcome the challenge. We see this in sports. I know this is true, because in hockey, when I make a bad play, I will talk to my coaches and ask what I could have done better in that moment, and I will also talk to my linemates. My coaches will tell me to skate the puck and drive the net, but my linemates will also give me details that I had not noticed while on the ice, like "hey, I was open on the back door, try to hit me there and I'll have an easy tap in". When I have these opinions in mind, the next time I am out on the ice, I try to implement what my friends and coaches told me. Not only does asking for others opinions make you a better sports player (if you play sports), but it makes you a better person, because you are asking people questions, making you a proactive person. The more input you get from people can help you to overcome a challenge whether in sports or in life.

A final reason why asking for multiple opinions is good is that it give you a sort of sense of finality about your decision. When you take the time to think about a decision, you have a lot of things to consider. If you go back to the stealing example, you have to consider different things. You might be stealing because you need to feed your family. Trying to make that decision on your own can be tough. When we take into consider the opinions of other people, we have help making that decisions, and once you make the decision, you feel a sense of completion. This is good, because you could stress out about making a decision, and now that it's over you don't have to stress anymore, because you made the decision and took into account everything that could have happened.

Asking more than one person for their opinion on a decision is good, because you can consider the pluses and minuses of that decision, you can prepare for a demanding time in your life, and once it's all over, you have a sense of completion, that you got it done, and now you can worry about other, more important things. When you ask for more opinions, you can overall get more things done, because you consider more possibilities in the same amount of time compared to just asking one person. When you get more opinions, you can make better decisions, and you become a better, more proactive person.