Due to advancements in technology, we are able to achieve such lengths to acquire the ability to have long distance learning as an option. To be able to learn from the comfort of your home used to only come from home schooling; however, here in the era of information, people with the resources, such as a laptop or computer, are able to have the same experience and get the same result. While some may argue that an online course may not have the intensity or social aspect of a physical class; in the end, the content of the class is what you are there for and an environment that is more familiar may be more preferable for some. What makes online learning beneficial is that they provide an option for those who are disabled, gives courses for those whos schools do not provied such courses, and can help those who benefit from a more comfortable environment.

Conditions including the incapacity to move or being contagiously sick can leave someone bound to their own home. These conditions may take a lot of resources to get them out of the house and into a classroom where they are then able to learn. With the recent corona virus outbreak throughout America, many fear the contagious effects of the virus and thus would prefer a safer area to work in that is less risky than a public classroom. Those who are not able to walk can find it easier to participate in a lesson without going through the trouble of getting to a classroom. All these problems that get in the way of one's education can be solved by providing an online alternative that provides the same amount of engaging content and experience without the hindrance of one's conditions.

While schools provide a wide variety of career paths and lessons, one school can not provide all of them. Online courses can provide a wider selection to choose from whether it be a new language or a niche career path, online courses can have what you are interested in. Foreign languages is an interesting trait to learn as schools require students to learn a second language to graduate. But what best to learn of language from the source itself. With online courses, students have the option to participate in abroad classes to engage in a more natural learning experience without the issue of traveling and helps save money.

Many students have issues with a social environment. There are many cases of bullying and gang violence that can make one's learning environment difficult and unsafe. Recent school shootings bring concern to students and parents. Taking an online class from home can benefit those who are unsure about showing up in a physical class to avoid potential danger. By being able to take a safer option and still gain the same content a student wants to learn, then online classes provide that safe alternative

Online classes allow the alternative for those who want to pursue a course that is unprovided by their school, not able to attend classes due to a disability, or provides a safe and more comfortable environment to learn. Overall, schools should encourage online courses because of the the beneficial capabilities that come with such alternative. While some may not enjoy the usage of technology to learn, there should be a more welcoming attitude for those who may enjoy from it.