Is it necessary for learning to be done in a school setting? or is there alternatives offered by technology that could help benefit the school system? This is an option that many have considered, including myself. I believe schools should offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home, because kids wouldn't have to go to school at such an early time, they'd be able to go at their own pace, and viruses could be prevented from spreading to the student population.

Over the course of time, many students have had concerns regarding the times that school starts. They have stated that they aren't able to pay attention so early in the morning. If distance learning was established, kids wouldn't have to start their days at six in the morning and spend six hours at school. Sleep plays a significant role in leaning and absorbing information, if kids are sleepy during instructional time then there's no point in teaching them anything. In various studies it's been recorded that kids aren't sleeping enough, and when they are asked why, many of them will say that it's because of the amount of time they spend on schoolwork. Waking up as early as six doesn't allow them to sleep the hours a normal kid should be sleeping. To further explain, the stress levels that children are facing due to the times they are sent to school are alarming. In many cases, the stress levels can cause depression, anxiety, and sometimes even death. Distance learning is an alternative that would greatly decrease all levels of stress and worries that children face on a day to day basis. These students would feel much more motivated and excited to learn at later times, in addition to that, their energy would be completely restored and their brains would be more alert. It seems extremely unrealistic for children to start their days so early and be expected to give their full attention and effort. Not all students learn or pay attention the same way either, some learn faster than others.

Distance learning would offer a chance for all students to learn at their own pace. There is all sorts of kids that attend school, but that doesn't mean they all absorb information at the same time or the same way as others. Video conferencing wouldn't be the only source to display information; educational sites can help the learning process as well. With the technology that is available at everyone's fingertips, learning can be made fun and more creative. Sites like Google Classroom, Google docs, EdPuzzle, Quizlet, and many more, are already used by teachers all around the country. All of that technology can be put into greater use to establish an online learning system, and teach kids. Teachers would have so many options to teach, such as: making presentations, simulations, YouTube videos, Google quizzes, and online readings. All of which would be posted on Google Classroom for the students to calmly do in the privacy of their homes, and at the pace they feel most comfortable at. Kids wouldn't have to catch up with what the teacher is saying, instead they would be able to pause the video or presentation and evaluate the information as many times until they reach full understanding of the content being presented. No information would be ignored or forgotten if distance learning is established, because it would all be stored in the computer. If a child has any sort of concern they would be able to e-mail their teacher and inform them about the issue. It's almost absurd to keep schools opened when there is so much that can be done with a computer and the right resources. This new technology could even help in situations where students and teachers aren't able to attend school due to other concerns.

Although some people may find distance learning problematic because the students wouldn't able to talk to a teacher face to face, and have them correct something by hand, however It's not a valid point because there are even bigger concerns that society is facing today. The Corona Virus has been taking over society and has reached the states. If distance learning is established, viruses could be prevented from spreading. Viruses are easily spread, specially the Corona Virus, which can be transmitted through a simple cough, if one student is infected there is a big chance of it spreading to everyone else in that school alone. In this case, distance learning is necessary for the well being of students, teachers, and other staff members. The number of cases that could eventually lead to death, is increasing each day. It would be tragic if it killed people in school, and it would be even more tragic if it could've been avoided by teaching kids online. It's not worth waiting for a tragedy to happen when there is ways to save a person's life.

Distance learning could be the most beneficial and progressive change in society, it would help so many scholars achieve success. They would be much more invested in their learning and future if this sort of system is established. furthermore, Future societies will be more educated and prepared. Distance learning is the future and it will keep advancing and enhancing the learning system as a whole. 