It would be a good idea to buy a driverless car. It's a great way to reduse accidents.

When drivers get tired they can just let the car drive itself.

There would be less pollution.

We wouldn't use as much fuel which mean we'll waste less on fuel.

If Google has made driverless cars since 2009, I see no reason to stop or not aloud to use driverless cars.

If, we can use the technology to make better, smarter, and safer cars why not make them?

General Motors created a concept car in the late 1950s, that could do special trest tracks.

It all started with a concept car.

We've become smarter as well and they'll find ways to creat a perfect driverless car before 2020.

" Why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver?", "Wouldn't drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?", Pargraph eight.

People will still want a car that they can still control at anygiven moment.

Drivers might get bored but at least they know they are save.

The driver doesn't have to stare at the rode avery second.

They can do other things while the driverless car is driving itself.

If the driverless car needs the person to drive it will notifly the driver.

As for the laws that focus on keeping drivers, and anyone in the car safe.

I get those laws are made to keep people safe.

Once it shown that driverless car are safe you should make it legal to drive them.

Or should I say let them drive us.?

" If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault--the driver or the manufacturer?" Pargraph nine.

It would be the both of their fault fault. The driver of buying and or maybe not paying attention.

The manufacture for not make the car right.

It all depends on what happened in the Accident.

You can also make the person who buys the driverless car to sign an agreement.

That says if a accident were to happen that it wouldn't be the manufacturers fault.

He or She will take all responsiblity for what happens in the accident.

All in all this is a very difficult argument.

You can go eithre way.  