People in a everyday normal life have a question to ask there not unsure about. So they ask people if they agree with what there saying or if they disagree. I do agree that you should ask more then one person for multiple opinions and for a better response. Also some people only ask one person for an answer which is not the best thing to do because one opinion is not as good as multiple opinions. Talking to more people for more opinions on your question gives you a much more diverse answer.

If someone ask people for advice, they would most likely ask more then one person which is a really good idea. Asking multiple people for advice gives you a much more better response and much more opinions which is really good advice. If you ask one person for advice there going to say either yes or no, which is not horrible but if you ask like 10 different people they are all going to give you there opinions on what they think and then from there you guys can narrow it down to the best possible answer. Also asking multiple people allows you to do better choices for yourself. Overall seeking for multiple opinions is a better choice and would give you better advice.

Asking multiple people for advice gives you a better response because you are going to have more then one person asking you what they think you should do. You should always try to search for the best advice you can get because it gives you more ideas. The more and more people you ask the better advice your going to get but you don't want to ask to much people because it could get out of hand. If you ask only one person for advice they could give you good advice that could help you, but it also really depends on the person. But it always so much better to ask multiple people because it helps you out more.

You can also tell the difference between asking one person or multiple people for advice. If you ever wanted really good advice you should ask more then one person. Also seeking multiple opinions could make your life so much easier because it lets you do better choices. Overall you should be asking more then one person because it allows you to do better choices for yourself. Those were all my reasons on why I think asking multiple people for advice is a better choice.