Should Drivers Be Able To Use Their Cellphones While Driving

The first cell phone was released by motorola in 1983,it offered 30 minutes of talk time at the cost of approximately four thousand US dollars. When they released they sprouted over the world making technology better. From 1999 to 2008 the fatalities from distracted driving increased. The Fatality Analysis Reporting System(FARS) studied trends in cell phone use and texting volume contributed to the alarming rise in car accidents. Phones are very useful in daily life,providing the internet,a sense of security, and communication between family and friends but can also be dangerous on the road.

In Fact,The National Safety Council that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Talking on a phone while driving is dangerous,period, and our to drivers is to simply don't do it",Jonathan Adkins. Distracted driving accidents are more common than you think roughly nine people are killed and more than 1000 injured daily in which at least one driver was distracted. Nearly 4000 were killed in crashes involving distracted drivers in 2015. In my opinion, i believed getting to your destination is more important than any text or phone call that can distract you from driving safely. One distraction can cause multiple lives including yours.

In Addition,it is illegal to "physically hold or support, with any part of his or her body"a "wireless telecommunication" or

"stand-alone electronic" device while operating a vehicle. There are penalties for all distracted driving violations in Georgia. First offense is a maximum fine of $50, Second is a $100 dollar fine, and Third is a $150 dollar fine. There are negative impacts of using your cell phones while driving but it also benefits you in emergency situations. Most of the governments, including Austria. Australia,Germany, and different countries, have imposed restrictions on using cell phones during driving.

Furthermore,Drivers tend to pay more attention to their phones when notified,therefore they increase the risk of fatal accidents. The main advantage to avoid using a cellphone during driving is ensuring safety of driver, vehicle, and other people driving on the road. Driver distractions play a role in 20-30% of all road collisions. In 2018, 2,841 people were killed in motor vehicle crashes involving distracted drivers. Cell phones make it difficult to keep an eye on the road making it unsafe for fellow drivers.

In Conclusion,Although cell phones can help you in many desired ways,it's a threat to road safety. I think people shouldn't use their cellphones while operating a vehicle because you are far more likely to get into an accident. Distracted driving is one of the leading causes of deaths on the highway. Cellphone use is comparable to driving under the influence,if not worse. It puts innocent lives at risk,including yourself.                           