When people ask people for advice they often ask more than one person for their opinion. They ask them because it is helpful to have more than one opinion on something .To fully make sure they are 100 percent about what they are doing .And that it is the correct choice .It is always helpful to get more than one opinion because it helps to get someone elses point of view, to make sure your doing the right thing ,and its just always helpful to get advice on things.

One reason it is helpful to ask for more than opinion when you are making a decision is because it is always helpful to have someone elses opinion from a different perspective. That is helpful because if you are making a decision and you ask someone for their advice about it they might see it from a different way and give you a better decision to make. For example when I am making a choice I usually always ask my friends because people see and think things different ways .That is why I always ask my friends or family or family because due to experience it is always helpful in the end .Doing this will usually come out with a better outcome.

Another great reason to ask for opinions from multiple people is because you want to make sure you are doing the right thing .You might have chosen to do something not so good but then you ask other people for their opinion and they say well you know thats not really the best idea so instead you choose the right thing to do .Which is very helpful because peoples advice may lead you in the right way. For an example one time I was going to make a decision that wasnt the best but then I asked my best friend what she thought and she told it was not a good idea and I shouldnt do it. Which is why it is always helpful to ask for peoples advice on things before doing it because it might be a bad idea.

Finally another reason it is helpful to get more than one opinion on something is simple is that it just helpful to hear another persons opinion .Due to experience people tend to make better choices if they hear advice from other people. People tend to do the right thing when others agree with them .For example if someone has made a decision to do something and then they ask someone for their advice about it and they agree. That person is going to have a confidence boost about what he or she is doing because others agree.

In conclusion when in doubt ask it out meaning if you are not sure about something or even if you are .You should always ask for other peoples advice about something. For a better outcome or just to know you have made the correct choice. Because a bunch of different people will give you different answers about your scenario. So therefore you should always ask for advice to be sure .                     