Advice is a great form of comunnnication between people. The purpose of advice from multiple people is to better your choice you have to make for yourself or to help somebody else out. Advice is like our world's unknown,its out there but you have to go find it. Multiple opinions is like having Kobe Bryant in the fourth quarter healthy and ready to go off the bench. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it gives he or she different views of peoples perspective,and it also gives the person a lot of information to think about to better the choice.

Getting different views on peoples perspectives is important when it comes to advice. When you get different views from people your opening up your choice to many people. For example,multiple people gave you advice to help you make a better choice,and then that one person who is trying to be funny gives you bad advice. It should make you want to make a better choice because the majority gave you good advice. Different views on peoples perspectives is like a batter that's about to be hit a home run. Getting different views on peoples perspectives is a key component in the advice world so don't forget about it the next time you ask multiple people for advice to better your choice.

Another key component in getting advice from multiple people is the information they give the person to better his or her choice. The more information the person receives from the people the better. If the person doesn't receive enough information about the choice he or she is trying to make then it will make the person not know what the best choice is. The worst thing that could happen is the person doesn't have enough information so they make a bad choice and it cost them something big. The best thing to do is get the most information you can because it will always better your choice.

There is also a downside to receiving multiple opinions to better your choice. The person may only ask one person but the advice they gave them helped them make a better choice. Also the person might not receive a lot of information but the information they did receive helped them make a better choice. Even though that one person did give them advice to better there choice it's always good to have multiple opinions. How will it hurt to ask just a few more people? It WONT!!You should always want the most information you can get to make a better choice no matter what. Multiple opinions from people will always be the best thing you could ever do in the advice world.

In conclusion,getting a lot of information and getting different peoples perspectives will always help you make a better choice. If you ever think you are not receiving enough information,ask a few more people and keep asking until you get what you need to make a better choice. Advice from multiple people is so great that even a baby could do it!!Your best friend in the advice world is peoples perspectives and information don't forget that!!