Why should technology be able to read emotional expressions? Some people probaley thing it's a good thing others probley don't. With the technology we have today they have been able to figure out how to read emotions on the computer. It's a bad thing because people should be able to open up to you, they shouldn't be afraid that they feel a way that they didn't want you to know, and it's not right.

People should be able to open up without a computer telling them how they feel. According to the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile", "According to the facial Feedback Theory of Emooion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them." In this quote it shows that it can read your emotions but that some people can't open up, but ones that can might be hiding something. But what if they didn't want them to know and that computer just told them.

Also, people shouldn't be afraid to open us but with the computes they might be afraid to open up. According to the article,"Eckman has classified six bacis emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness and then associated each with characteristics movements of the facial muscles." In this guote it shows that The computer can tell those emotions but if someone is afraid to show they are sad but the computer can tell you are faking. Then you will have to open up but what is you don't feel safe and that's why you haven't opened up.

Finally, the computers reading your emotions making you open up even if you didn't want to is not right. Yes, if the computer can tell your sad and upset about something and you are not okay that could save you life but you are scared. According to this article, "For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face." A friend will open up to you don't need a computer to tell you how you feel. What happens if the computer is wrong? Then your family and friend might think you are sad but you really aren't then what happens. The computer can be wrong not everyone is the same.

It's a bad thing because people should be able to open up to you, they shouldn't be afraid that they feel a way that they didn't want you to know, and it's not right. People don't need a compute to tell people the way they feel and their family. You might not feel safe to open up to a family member but the computer tells them then they know. The computer can be wrong and tell you feel sad but you really don't. Open up to the people you can don't let a computer tell you how you feel.           