People ask other people for advice for many reasons, they are important but, in order to make the right decision, they need time, opinions of others, and they need to, at the end, think it over and see ho it can affect their future.

People ask other people for advice and opinions to make choices, but why? there are many answers, but many people ask because they want to make the right decision or decisions based on other opinions made by other people, or they want to see if the advice or opinions make sense and see if the opinions of others are related to each other. and most important of all, the person who is making the decision should see how the decision would make a difference in their future.

First, time is vital because, the more time you have,

you would make the better choice at the end and this can also lead to having more decisions too. for example, lets say that you had a choice of where you would go for college. You would ask other people who have gone to the college, because you want to see what they had to say about it. If you take time to ask them, then you would make a better decision at the end.

another reason why time is important is that, if you do not rush through the decision making process, you would have a lower chance of making mistakes. Time can also help with the factor of not rushing because if you rush, usually you can not take it back even if make a good or bad decision. This leads to a couple of things that you can miss if you rush. lastly you would also have to think things over because once you see a better decision you usually can not take that back either because you have made the choice.

Next, logic is also important for asking advice and opinions from other people, since you can not just go off what you want, because that also would not help you most of the time. you can also tell why other people made their opinion(s), and many other people have logic in their opinions too. To state the obvious you can not make good decisions with a opinions that are outrageous, since they can not help you. logic also requires some common knowledge to make the decision, because you will need common knowledge to separate logical opinions from the ones that are not. Thinking is also tied in to logic too, because some logic does not come naturally to most people, because you have to take the time to think and see if the opinion is logical or not. If it is not, than do not choose it, but if it is, then you can keep that opinion in mind.

when you reach a point where you can not go any farther on gathering advice, it is important to look over the advice and opinions, because you could have missed something but, the most important hing is to predict what could happen in the future.

you should plan out what can happen in the future and you should ask you self "why does this person have this opinion?" after you ask you self that you should see how the advice of that person can affect you and see why it good to ask a lot of people. At the end it is good for you to ask other people, because they can also lead you to the best decision, if you ask many people. This can eventually also make you think if the advice from other people is helpful or not to making the best decision. looking over things is also good because, you can tie in all of the logical opinions and advice from others into whole summary, and this can help you conclude what most of the advice and opinions agreed on.

In conclusion, advice from many people is better than just having advice from just one person, because you can have more time to think about it and this can lead to more choices, secondly asking more people for advice and opinions can also help with seeing which opinions make sense and which ones do not and finally if you ask more people, you can look over which opinions are the best. this can also help with the final decision making process, this helps because you can now predict how the advice of others can affect you outcome.