Have you ever wanted to do something but where to lazy to do it? I agree with Making kids participate in an extracurricular activity because it would fix this problem by making kids participate. One reason why Being forced to participate in an extra curricular activity could benefit these kids is because it could make them more have more hobbies and goals. The next reason why making them participate in extracurricular activities would be good for them is because they can find new activities that they enjoy and become successful of them. Another reason why forcing them to participate would be good is because It could allow them to develop better social skills and become a better person.

One reason why forcing them to do activities would benefit them is how they could develop new hobbies and goals. For example, when I started swimming my parents forced me to go to practice even when I did not want to. Now I am a competitive swimmer and enjoy going to practice because I have goals that I want to accomplish. This example shows how making someone participate in something can sometimes benefit them by giving them new hobbies and goals. Another example is when my parents signed me up for the river hawk running program at my school and I did not enjoy running. But now I have made running one of my hobbies and I will try out for my high schools cross country team. This example shows how I was being forced Into running and started out not liking it but now I do. These examples show how being forced into doing something can benefit you by giving you goals and a chance to pursue something.

The next reason why I think making students participate in an extracurricular activity could benefit them is because they can find new activities that they enjoy and then become successful in them. An example is how my parents forced me to swim and now I will be on TV swimming in Florida at the national level for my age group. This example shows how I was successful and because I was forced to be a swimmer I made it on TV. Another example is how my mom forces me to go to school and I have become a successful student and have been getting all A grades. Another example of how making students participate in an extracurricular activity could make them more successful Is how my brother became a successful piano player. My parents made him start taking Piano lessons and now he has become great at Piano and may try to become are school Piano player. This example shows how my brother became successful by my parents making him start piano. All of these examples show how It would be good for the principle to make the students participate in an activity because it would make them a more successful person.

Another reason why making students participate in an extracurricular activity could benefit them Is how they could develop better social skills and become a better person. An example of this is when I was in fourth grade and I did not like to talk to people. But when my parents signed me up for a activity after school that would help go around helping people and do food drives I became involved with the program and started to talk to people finding ways to help others. This example shows how I developed better social skills and I became a better person by helping others. Another example of how extracurricular activities help develop my social skills is when I joined my first Triathlon team I had work hard to keep up with my team and cheer for other teammates. This example shows how I was using social skills to cheer for my teammates and why extracurricular activities could benefit students.

I agree with Making students do extracurricular activities. One reason why I think making kids do extracurricular activities would be a good Idea Is because they can develop new hobbies and make goals for themselves to achieve. Another reason why I think they should be forced to participate in an extracurricular activity is because they could find new activities that they enjoy and become successful in them. And the last reason why they should participate in an extra curricular activity is because they can develop better social skills and become a better person. Overall I think that students should be made to participate in an extracurricular activity because it can make you a better person.