Phones & Driving

Everywhere you go what do you see, you see your everyday family walking around with smartphones, or a businessman on a call for a meeting with a phone, but why do people do that while driving. All across the nation people everyday are using their cell phones while driving and causing more traffic collisions in the past decade or so then compared to drunk driving accidents. People should not be using a cell phone while driving because its a major distraction for the driver and can cause someone to get hurt or even killed. If today, you walked into a normal public high school and go into a class, you would see a lot of students sitting bored and playing on sometime of phone or device. Now imagine that person doing the same thing when driving, hard to imagine but a lot of the accidents that occur when people or using a cell phone is caused by teenagers and young adults.

Many states such as Georgia in the U.S. have implemented a law which requires its people to drive hands free which means if you are caught driving with a phone in hand, you will be punished with a hefty fine or jail time. A study was set in place to determine the rate of increase on cell phone related crashes each year and the number is a shocking 1.6 Million crashes and of that, 390,000 are either injured or killed. Cell phone related crashes are the number one causes of death inside the U.S's borders for the past 10 years and needs to be solved fast. The best way to regulate and control this dilemma is by implementing a law similar to Georgia's hands free law to every state to ensure that no one will drive and use a cell phone.

The only instance to which a person should be using a cell phone while driving should be by law enforcement or if you are a passenger in the vehicle. The driver needs to focus on the road at all times to ensure that his/her passengers or even just him/herself arrives to their destination on time. Even when a driver is not using a cell phone, they are still distracted by a passenger even when they are trying to show the driver something on another phone and cause an accident. The driver has only one job and is to keep all souls in a vehicle safe and secure at all times and should not be distracted.    