I am definitely against this. For years the policy has been to maintain a C average in order to continue in playing sports. If you change this and make your expectations higher than it already is, then I highly suspect that the sports teams will become smaller and smaller because less and less people will be able to attend try outs.

Maybe some of the students cant get to a B in some of their classes. What if a C is the best they can do? Then that means you are rejecting these kids just because their best isn't good enough for you. That means a whole lot of sad kids and a whole lot of upset parents.

I'm a cheerleader at my school and we have the same policy as any other sports team (because cheer leading IS a sport). And I know that some of the cheerleaders on the team can only get up to a C and is barely even making it. A lot of people struggle in their classes and I mean yea these classes are hard! But atleast they are trying to get through it.

My boyfriend is in Algebra in the 8th grade and he struggles with this class. But he passes with a C in it knowing that it is his best. He is on the football and basketball team here and he is an amazing athlete and a very smart person. Algebra is just not his strongest subject but he sits in that class and pays attention and does his absolute best. So if you take away sports from him just because his best isn't good enough for you, that would really affect him.

Many people at my school attend in sports. Whether it is football, basketball, soccer, baseball, softball, volleyball, lacrosse or cheer leading. Over half the school's students attend. And probably only half of them are able to maintain a B average. Maybe less than half are.

Changing the policy might just end up forcing our school to have a very small amount of sports teams. Because of the lack amount of students who are able to participate in sports just because they were so close to making it to expectations, but that one class they struggle in was in the way.

I know people that attend sports and its just a huge part in their life. That would affect many students. I know when I have a C average I work to bring it up but I'm still grateful that I am able to attend cheer leading. I LOVE cheer leading and when my grades are not exactly right I still work hard to get it there. And the lowest I get is a C.

So I think that the policy is perfectly fine the way it is and that changing it wont do anything but provide less students than needed for the sport. Please don't change it. It would have a HUGE effect on the sports teams. And it wont be a good one. I'm sure of that.      