Car alarms, car horns, and engines are basically the only thing people hear nowadays. The number of cars in the streets are simply begining to get out of hand.

Citizens all around the world, we all should really try to limit the amount of time that we are spending using our vehicals.

If you really take a moment to think about it, this could honestly turn out to be a really good thing.

Cars are not neccisarily a need, they are a want. I can undertand if you are going to be traveling a far distance that two feet cant get you, but certianlty and ten minute walk to the grocery store/market cant hurt.

Limiting car usage is very important. Most families tend to spend about about $20-50.00 on gas a week. One advantage to limiting car usuage is saving a ton of money on gas that could easily be spent of food, to feed your family.

" "

When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" " People who have decided to limit the amount of time they spent using their car, are much happier.

One advantage to limiting the use of cars is that the air would become much more fresh and clean, and it would become alot more healtheir for us citizens.

" "

Its a good oppertunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said a busiinessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seated bicycle with his wife." "

Most people that have decided to stop using cars or have significantly limited their car usuage, have nothing but positive things to say.

If more people became aware that not spending so much time driving was a good thing, and simply limited their care usuage, the air would become so much more clean, and alot more of us would be happy.

A former citizen has shared with us that one advantage to limiting car usgae for her is that her children have

"... organized their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or car pool with friends." She has also mentioned that her children were not in any rush to get their drivers license, even though where they live a car would would definetly "...come in handy." Most people have really been able to enjoy walking and not using their cars.

Driving your car is not intirely a bad thing, but simply limiting your car usage is a wonderfull thing, and many advantages come to limitng car usuage. You save a great deal of money on gas when you decide to walk rather than to drive, the air become a lot more clean and heathy for our lungs, and many people are able to focus more on the important things in life, like jobs and friends and family.

If you decide to park your car in the garage and put away the keys, you'd really be able to see how nice it is to just walk to your destination rather than drive, it's a great way to realx and to just enjoy yourself.            