Based on ideas and information in the article about advantages of limiting car usage, people are giving up their cars because of reasons such as, street parking, driveways, and home garages are forbidden in places where their reason for it is so they can experiment the outcome of it for a more secure data. Even though in the article it says that car ownership is allowed but, at the same time the amount of money for a parking place, $40,000, is way too much for people to afford. People also choose to live without an automobile because of how much it saves them in greenhouse gas, and other expensive things that car usage takes up. Experts and other people think that limiting the use of car transportation will make cities more denser, and will make it easier for everyone to get around without having issues. In some places, there are people who rather take a car wherever they go for better advantage, but in other places like in the United States, they are promoting "car reduced" communities, or for another example, in Paris, officials have "enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city". Studies shows that in the U.S, Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and people are starting to not get their licenses as each year goes by. The populaton growth of the number of miles that people have driven in the U.S, the number has peaked in 2005, but then steadily dropped shortly after. Therefor, people are starting to take advantages of just walking or finding their own ride places to save them money. If you lived in Paris and got fined $31 for having an even numbered license plate, or on the other day got fined for an odd numbered license plate, walking or taking a different kind of transportation would probably be a good decision for you. In the outcome of that, the article states that almost 4,000 drivers were fined and twenty-seven people had their cars impounded for their reaction to their fine. France has a policy that rates diesel fuel higher than gasoline and the results of that 67 percent of diesel vehicles were compared to 53.3 percent of diesel vehicles in all of Western Europe, this is all because of the "Smog". A thing called "car-free day" takes place in Bogota, Colombia, and in this situation, according to the article, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated and even took buses to all the places they had to be, which in return of that, the streets were left eerily devoided of all possible traffic jams. On this "car-free" day, car use is banned for the whole day leaving people with only having the choice of taxis and buses to take them to work, or anywhere else they had to be. Not to mention there are 7 million people who live in the certian place, so this makes this event more difficult for most people. One of the reasons for "car-free" day is to take away stress, and lower air pollution throughout all of Bogota, Colombia. Limiting car usage seems to be a good resourse, there could be some bad pieces to it but, in most cases i like the idea of saving money.     