Understanding the exact emotion of a human being is a giant leap for the science community, and I say that we should use this technology in classrooms. The relationship between students and teachers is strong, but how does a teacher know that a student is paying attention or just lying to try and end the discussion sooner? Student faces are hard to understand by just simply looking at them, some could look bored but are actually paying attention or the opposite could be happening. Using such technology could improve the understanding of student reactions, such as helping the teacher know when to modify the lesson for the student to better understand, and it could even improve the learning of future doctors and surgeons taking medical classes.

Lessons in certain classes can be very difficult for every student to understand. Some are fast learners and catch on before others, others might need the lesson to slow down just to get a grasp on what is really being taught. Using the Facial Action Coding System could really improve the understanding in teachers of who really gets the lesson and can continue and who doesn't understand and just really needs more help. As mentioned in paragraph 6 by Dr. Huang, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." Schools around the world are using technology more and more every day, so installing such a system to help understand confusion and boredom could be very useful for schools everywhere.

Doctors and surgeons need to know as much as they can gather from the human body, in which they learn all they know in classrooms. Having this system in classrooms could inprove the future of the medical field, starting by understanding which muscles control a body part and how the body reacts. Students taking these classes can use the program to learn how the face modifies itself to show emotions, from joy to sadness. As mentioned in paragraph 5, even artists such as da Vinci used anatomy to create art by studying how the face moves and shows emotion. Using this program can help doctors expan their knowledge of human anatomy rise to the next level.

Everyday, people use their emotions to express how they feel,and using that in the classroom can really improve relationships between the peers. Explained in paragraph 5 once again, humans use calculations to figure out how a friend is feeling, but we can't tell the exact muscle causing that emotion. Using such a system can improve relationships between friends and help people have a better understanding of how a person really feels.

Human emotions are difficult to understand all over the globe, but using this program in simple places such as the classroom can improve the atmosphere and make learning topics a breeze. Teachers could better understand how a student is reacting to a lesson and modify their teaching methods so everyone can understand. Students trying to get a medical degree can use the program to understand which muscles are used without having to disect a person or take years to learn something that can be found out in mere minutes. Understanding others can improve the world of emotions, even if it just starts in a classroom.