As you are at school taking a long test and a long look at a computer and start to fall asleep, would it be smart for the test to change with pictures and bubbles of help, to say that you are not intrested in what you are doing. As we know that it may be fun, would it be right? knowing this would be a very bad technology to have.

Dr. Huang made a technology that can read facial expresstions. it could tell you if you are 94 precent angry and 6 percent happy.

In the Mona Lisa smile it showed she was 82 percent happy, and some other kind of emotions. what if mona did put a smile on her face, because thats how she was thinking, on the outside she looks very happy, but on the inside she can feel other emotions. In paragraph 9 line 4 and 5 says "puting on a happy face, actually works." what if you only had to smile just a litle bit to get a result out of the new techology. Not really being happy or sad that day you felt another way.

Lets say you were sad one day and going to get a panting done, when you showed up you looked happy but on the inside you still were still sad. on the outside they can see or show any emotion, when you get throght the walls of pain created by yourslef you are the only one who really knows what is wrong with you. The second paragraph said "Can we really calculate emotions like math homework...and can a computer reconize the subtle facial movements we humans use to express how we feel". meaning can technology really tell how a person is feeling. or can it tell the right feeling we are having.

In paragraph three it talks about how there are six basic emotions. What if a person did have surpised face but what if that was a thinking face. Or a confussed face. As Dr. Huang states the computer can tell when you are having a bad time with the work or how to do it, and the computer changes. knowing that wont be a problem for the children taking the test, but what if you were talking a test and this just happened. Would your test not count or would it be okay. As another person can read another persons face and think it is bad or good. what if the computer thinks the person is doing something with there face and the person is not showing any emotion but there face. As people we make the mistake to think something is wrong with another, but every thing it fine. Will this technology make the same?

I'm concluding that we should not have this technology until it can really be sure based on the real emotions a person has. Having something like this may be a bit to eraly to say that this is something we need in our classroomes, and homes. What if it backfires on the children and many more? We do not need this in our schools.                  