I can remember countless times when I needed to be somewhere, but I had nobody to take me. The future is here, and an era where driveless cars is upon us. As a nondriver, I think this invention would be very useful, it would help busy parents do their duties for them, like picking up a child from school. It also feeds those lazy teenagers as they rarely want to move or do anything that requires activity. I am deffinetly for driverless cars

Driverless cars are not exactly ready to be manufactered because there are some things cars cannot do that the driver would have to do for them. In paragraph 2 it says that cars that exsist today aren fully driverless because they alert you in tricky situations, like pulling in and out of driveways, or dealing with complicated traffic issues. Certainly this is just a minor problem compared to the actual driving part, and is planned to be figured out in the near future.

BMW made an outbreak in 2013 when they announced the deleopment of their ¨Traffic Jam Assistant¨. This vehicle can drive at speeds up to 25 mph, but there are special sensors that make it mandatory for the driver to keep both hands on the wheel at all time. Human drivers must remain alert, which makes it safer for those around them if something were to go wrong. Cars are alerting the drivers by vibrating seats, and light sflashing on the windsheild, catching the attention of the driver.

Although it would be very helpful and easier for everyone to have a driverless car, it could also be more dangerous. Of course the cars would alert us when we need to take the wheel, but most of the population is involved in their cell phones, what if someone ignores it, or misses the alert of signal? This is why as of now, most states have a law against being able to even test computer-driven cars. Why is everyone slowly relying on technology to do all our work?

Car companies have big plans for the future. In parapgraph 10 it states that Tesla has projected a 2016 reliese for a car capable of driving on autopiolet 90 percent if the time. Other companies such as Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and NIssan plan to have driverless cars in the year 2020. As of now there are litlle glitches in the plans and laws would have to be figured out, as well as the safetly and reliance of the people in the car. The future is upon us and we better be buckled up and ready for the ride, driver or not. 