Using Cellphone While Driving

Technology has brought us together and it is still developing for even more. We have electricity that fuels the car, we have cellphones that control TV's, and we have a computer that does things humans have hard time doing. When technologies combine, they make our lives easier; likewise, using a cellphone while driving is okay.

People may argue that using a cellphone while driving is dangerous but any technology, if used wrong, can be deadly to not only ourselves, but lives around us. Therefore, people should be able to use cellphone while driving, but in a manner that is reasonable. Using GPS (Global Positioning System), to guide your way or to listen to music is a good example of using cellphones safely.

Using a GPS system on your phone while driving helps us to get to our destination easier and lets us focus on the road better. If we did not have a GPS and we were to look for signs to go anywhere, we would be very much likely to get distracted or get tired quickly. Yes, it is true that we can replace our phone's GPS with a GPS device, but again, if the driver is not misusing cellphones, it is essentially getting the same job done. Also, because smartphones are easier to control and easier to interact quick than a GPS device, it will reduce the frustration of the driver.

Listening to music can help the driver focus better. It can also wake up a tired driver up by blasting some music. However, a GPS device cannot do that; with its monotone robotic voice, it would make the driver get even more bored. Another reason why a smartphone cannot be replaced by GPS device or why we should be able to use our cellphone is that, in the case of an emergency. Drivers can easily access a smartphone and call for help while if you had a GPS device, not so much.

In conclusion, I think that we all should be able to use a cellphone while operating a vehicle. Of course, not in a way that they will be completely distracted by it, but by limiting the applications that we can access. Again, anything can go wrong if used incorrectly, so I do not see the reason why we should ban a cellphone from using it as a tool to help us drive better. However, the punishment for misusing such a device should be punished heavily. It is truly sad to see how many people are getting distracted by a small device and killing lives after lives. Cellphone usage while operating a vehicle should be monitored, and managed, by the government or the police, with a strong action, however, banning of a usage of smartphones will cost just as same amount of lives as if it was not.          