Online Learning

Who doesn't want to be left in the house all day using an electronic device with online access? Although students save money and time by taking classes from home. It is not beneficial to learn online because students lose focus of what they are learning and tend to easily get distracted when they're in their house, students can't have a one on one conversation with a teacher nor discuss with classmates, and students could also face technical difficulties when attending online classes from home.

Losing focus has a big impact in learning. For example, my friend Generic_Name sent me a text message last month, right when I started studying for my history mid-term exam. I responded back to Generic_Name's text, and without realizing we kept on messaging past midnight. This shows how easily students get distracted at home with a cellular device and how easy it is to lose focus. The next morning I decided to get to school an hour early and review one on one with my teacher.

Secondly, taking classes online doesn't just mean you don't have a physical teacher or instructor that you can question lively, but also means that it will be challenging to find answers to your questions. I remember in my sophomore year a kid in our econ class named Generic_Name was really sick for a while so he had ended up taking classes online. Generic_Name was a straight A student, always was first to answer the teachers questions and he also used to ask questions. Thankfully Generic_Name healed towards the end of the year and I asked him if he benefited and if he recommends attending classes from home. The straight A student Generic_Name said it was a real challenge to take the class online and he finished the class a month after he should have with a B- average. Generic_Name had also said that one of the most difficult parts about attending a class online was his laptop not functioning at all times, and not having a teacher you can talk and converse with one on one.

Finally, using your personal computer and internet connection can always be an issue. You can't always depend on your computer, not just the computers but even people aren't perfect. Another main problem Generic_Name had when attending classes online was his laptop and network connection. Generic_Name explained that he always faced technical difficulties. When his laptop wasn't functioning right, the only thing he could do was to stop the lesson and wait for his dad to get the laptop repaired, which took time. Each month, either his laptop or internet connection would not cooperate, so he finished the class a month later than everyone.

In conclusion, Everyone would like to save money and time by taking classes from home. But getting distracted, not asking your teacher questions when you need to, and wasting money on laptop repair is not worth it at all. Learning from a far distance could also be an option but when asking if it is beneficial, we can say that it is not by looking at the listed reasoning.    