School is very important in our lives, in fact we pretty much need school to succeed in life. I know most students hate waking up in the morning and catching the bus everyday, it gets annoying after awhile. Also some students just do not cope well with teachers. Distance learning or learning from home would be a great way for students to learn and stay focus without having a teacher on their back all the time. They are also in a comfortable environment by being at home as opposed to being in school with kids they barely know, now lets get into more depth about this.

Some students do not like listening to teachers, they think they are always telling them what to do. Most students do not like that, and they get defensive and start arguing and as grown adults teachers are not going to let adolescent boys and girls yell at them so they yell back, it is just human nature to do so. So to avoid pointless confrontation on a daily basis just let the student be at home while learning there is no telling the student what to do, no share with the class, and no asking when to use the bathroom just straight learning.

Also students hate waking up early just to catch a bus, school should be able to start anytime of the day not just the morning time. A lot of kids miss the bus a lot too which causes them to be late and get a tardy. With some school policies if a lot of tardies add up it can lead to a referral and who wants one of those just for being a couple of minutes late or even a suspension which causes you to miss school anyway isn't that dumb. Now if you were at home learning you would not have to go through any of that because you can start your lesson on your own time. sounds great to be at home right.

You would not have to deal with administration either, that is a big one lets be honest kids are going to be kids especially boys so horseplay is going to come in to action. With administration in the building though kids cannot do that the administration is going to stop them some might even give a referral just because they have that position of power and will use it to their advantage. If you are at home though you can do whatever you want without anyone telling what to do besides your parents, but most parents cut slack on their kids because they know how their kids are. So lets avoid all of the drama and make everyone lives easier.

In conclusion, distance learning seems to be a better and easier way for teachers and students to communicate with each other. Most kids would rather be at home anyways they could play video games for a hour and learn a new formula the next hour. Distance learning is the way to go you will see everyone much happier with themselves and everything more easy going So online teaching sounds just about right.