When you reach out to people sometimes it can make life a lot easier. If your in a situation asking for advice can help you make up your mind, understand maybe how the other person is affected by the problem, or simply help you learn to be a wiser, smarter person.

Making up your mind can be a hard thing, and sometimes listening to others can help you with making that decision. It can help you with knowing what's best for you, knowing your boundaries when something bothers you, and it can even start to understand who you are. Other reason is, in the future you will start to make quicker decisions for yourself and to know what you need for yourself. Lastly, listening to others can help you grow as a person and to make those wise choices for yourself.

Other good reason is, others can help you see the other person's side. It can help you with knowing how to handle the problem maturely, and to take it nicely. However, sometimes we don't know what to do, and asking for that advice can clear things up, and hearing it from more than one person can help you see the sight in things, and what's best to do.

Finally, it can calm you down and to realize what you did wrong or what you did right instead of causing more of a conflict and acting out.

Lastly, listening to elders can help you learn. It can help you see what's most important, and how life has more to offer. First off, is just to hear what they honestly have to say, because it can help you grow and to be a wiser person. Another reason is, they have had life experience and have lived longer than us, so their advice could have a really huge impact because they have been there before in our shoes. Finally it can lead you in the right direction to not make the same mistake they may have made when they were our age.

I believe that asking for advice can show you how to be a better person, and to move on. Good choices come within you but others can help you see that light, and give you that extra push. lastly, it gives less of a struggle, there's nothing ever wrong with asking for a little help and courage.                 