I am for the developement of driverless cars because they could create a lot of oppritunities for so many people. Special needs people who arent allowed to drive cars will now be able to because the car would drive itself. Blind people would not need to see. They would also not have to always be supervised or have to bring someone along with them when they go out. Many blind people are very independent and rather do things on their own so now they would be able to. Deaf people would not need to worry about being able to hear the ambulance or police when they are on their way to an emergency. They would also not need to worry about not being able to hear children playing around in the streets for saftey issues and the honking of other cars. That also goes for blind people. People of all ages would also be able to drive a car and not need to rely on someone else for support, even though there would still be an age limet for certain poeple to be able to drive the car but it would be much more safe.

In many countries they do not have the same laws as the United States so it would be way more simple for people that live in another country to come to america and drive a car. In Enland they drive on the other side of the road. If you grow up in a place with one set of rules and go to another place with a different set of rules it can become very complicated and confusing for that person. People who are afraid to drive or think they are not capible of doing it will also now be able to do it without and insicureities.

In the passage "Driverless Cars Are Coming" it says that google has has cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009. Their cars have driven mor ethan half a million miles without a crash. Some people get their drivers lisence and can't even drive properly. There are so many car crashes due to reckless drivers that could be reduce because of driverless cars. Drunk drivers will no longer a large part or car crashes. Familys would no longer have to worry about their loved ones getting home safe or being safe on the road. I know some people may make the arguement ''If they technology fails and someone is injued, who is at fault - the driver or the manufacturer?'' and to that i would say thats why we need to keep on developing driverless cars becuase there will be trial and error but there always is for anything new that tries to be made. Cars today are not top quality safe so there is no reason to treat driverless cars anydifferent if a mistake is made. If someone is injured then the driver and and driverless car would be examined to determine the cause of injury. Therefore i am for the development of driverless cars because i think it would make the world a better place. 