Home schooling would not be benefitial for students and society as a whole. This form of education would harm the student in the long run due to lack of social engagement with other students and people in general. Getting an education provided at home and not at the school may also slow down the process of becoming an independent person in society. Decision making would be much more difficult due to lack of real world experiences.

The damage towards the students social engagement in the long run would be severe. Humans are a unique type of species that like to socialize with other human beings, its just the way we were made. Humans would also need to build and improve there social skills and build character overtime. The one place where you develop social skills and build your character as a whole would be public schools, and allowing students to become home schooled would change the outcome of who that student is as a person in a negative way; That would just be a disservice to not only the student, but society overall.

The process of becoming more of an independent person as a student would be much slower if you were home schooled most you life. When homeschooled, you have everything at reach including your parental figures,

which would mean that you would be more reliant towards your parental figures and aswell you would not need to leave your home. The transition between being a teenager to becoming an adult would be much harder due to the lack of social skills and character provided from being home schooled.

Decision making would be much more difficult and ineffective for someone who is home schooled compared to someone who has gone to public school most of there life. People make decisions and choices based off the real world experiences they have had in there life. Being home schooled would mean you would have a lack of experience in society compared to someone who has gone to public school most there life. Having real world experience is very benefitial and will help out anyone in the longrun, therefore home schooling would not be appropriate for students.

Due to its negative effects towards the student as a person overtime, homeschooling would not be benefitial towards students or society as a whole; Therefore education should not be provided at home, and should be provided in a safe area with a social friendly enviorment.         