High School is the worst place to be as a teenager in my opinion , its so hard to get help or even ask a simple question but the school board finally came up with a perfect program for students going through introvert problems like me. Distance/ Online Learning is the best thing they've created so far. Growing up I had a very hard time learning and mainly focusing in a classroom due to, being around so many people that could and did distract me. Teachers never really noticed me because I was always the quiet student in class, in conference meeting with my parents and teachers they could never really say anything besides they barely notice i'm in class most of the time.

After that day everything changed for me once they introduced this new online learning program to us.

All my days stressing over not wanting to be around any of my peers and teachers not helping or noticing me were over. Finally, my mom set me up for the online school, I can honestly say it felt great being able to to have someone pay attention to you but not just that ask you if you need help. My biggest thing in class was being scared to raise my hand to ask questions not knowing when or who was going to pick on me.

Many kids my age go through so many things just being a teenager , High School comes in first place. We are supposed to be at school to learn and at least act like we like each other. Drama , Peer Pressure should not be something we have to endure everyday for 4 years of our lives , some kids really do come to school just to learn and go home to the normal and stress free lives. Thats another reason why i feel like this online learning is great for students who just want to learn with out all the extra that high school has to offer.

Lastly , Distance Learning is a strong way for students to learn at their own pace instead of test test quiz quiz every other day . This is why students fail poorly because they're not getting the proper knowledge they need and deserve , But on the other hand some kids come to school to do absolutely nothing. Which is just not fair to those who want to learn and the teachers would rather teach and pay attention to those students instead which is not right. This is why i feel distance learning is a great opportunity for those who want to learn with out being bullyed , not payed attention to , and give their all . 