To The Principal,

The policy that i chose is the first one because i think that the students should be able to use cell phones during free time and lunch so this way they have some time to talk to friends or maybe family to tell them about their day.

Also, i another reason why i like this policy is because the students should be able to have a little time with their phones but should also be learning in their classes that is why they should have to make sure that they have them turned off or on vibrate.

Another reason that the students should be able to use their cell phones is cause what if they need a calculator but if they needed to do that they should first come to you and ask or go to that teacher in that class and ask them if it is ok to use their phone but only for a reason or emergency like needing to call someone to bring stuff that they may have left at home. Here is some reasons that they may need to call someone : leavening homework at home, forgetting their lunch, needing a different pair of clothes, or if they need to picked up just incase they are not feeling good or they are hurt and need some rest.

Their phones could come in handy lets say that the class room has no phone and the teacher or one of the students has fallen and cant get up or something bad has happened how will they get help well there is two ways that the students could get help.

One: The students could leave the class room and go down to the office and get the nurse.

Two: A student cant take out their cell phone and call 911 to get some help down here and get them to the hospital.

To me the second one sounds a lot better because they can just take out the phone and just call them in a quick minute instead of running down the hall and stairs just to get to the office just to use the phone.

So as you can see the students cell phone can become really handy in school but i know they are not allowed and can not be used unless told to but i think that have cell phones with you during school is a great idea but even if you do allow them to be used its not like they could be used 24 seven every day every minute but at least let them be used for reasons that are needed for the phone to be used.

Thank you for your time had have a great day.