It is suitable to argue for the development of driverless cars because they could easily be the newest innovation to improve the future of automobiles. Not only would they be more fuel efficient to aid economic aspects and contribute to conservation and improvement of the environment, but they would also greatly improve upon current systems of public transportaion.

Ideally, the Google Cofounder, Sergey Brin, could create the automoblie that he envisions. This would mean that the cars "would use half the fuel of today's taxis" (Passage 1).

Shortening the usage of fuel contibutes towards economic benefits because it would require less spending for the gas. As well as this, the decline in usage of fuel would benefit the environment both by using less natural resources from oil reserves, but also by emitting less harmful gases into the atmosphere which are currently destroying the ozone layer and causing issues such as global warming.

Improving upon current methods of public transportation, Sergey claims that he envisions these fuel efficient, driverless cars forming a "public-transport taxi system" and offering 'far more flexibility than a bus" (Passage 1). This would be an improvement because buses currently have limited range of motion and also move slower and use much more fuel than these new cars would. Also, public transportation would become a more attainable luxury for working class citizens who may usually rely on buses. With driverless taxi-like poublic transportation, a more suitable and enjoyable commute could be possible for those who can only pay a small amount for the service.

Although some may be concerned about the safety of driverless cars, the Google car has been opperating on the roads for 7 years without any accidents or crashes (Passage 2). It seems this would be even better statistics without crashing than most actual drivers today. This technology could be designed to be alert and tentative, reacting to every mishap, something that even some actual drivers today have trouble with due to distractions.

Driverless cars would greatyly improve the lives of people wanting to commute and use public transportation and aid the environment and economy with its benefits. 