I am against the development of driverless cars but not against the technology. The technology is efficent but having a driverless car is dangerous. They say though in the article that safety is their biggest concern. With a driverless car it may cause the human driver to become lazy and rely on the car. Will it be the driver or manufactuer to blame if the technology is failing the car?

Safety is a concern to everyone who would be present in the driverless car. The smart car will need to have an alert driver. If that does not happen and there is a crash, who will be the blame? There should be a cover liability law that comes into place before smart cars can roam. It will not be easier if there are drivers who are not paying attention and slack.

People will start to rely on cars and technology than to do their jobs. When it is there job to protect and ensure safety for all passengers. Soon they will forget how to manually do things, how will they learn if they are surrounded by technology? If the power goes out will they even know how to drive? The car industries will drop because of the production of easier and lazier ways to be transported.

If the car crashes or there is a mishap who will be to blame? The driver will argue that the technology is mest up or the manufactuer had a glitch. The driverless car might not see an animal or a pedestrian and they could get hurt. There would be no driver paying enough attention that could save a life. In the article it says, "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." That law is enforced and should be followed with a smart car.

Most of the laws want to keep everyone safe, with the new technology would it be easier or harder? We may have no control if the technology malfunctions. It is efficent but it can be harmful if there is no control. We do not want people to slack and rely on something else. It would either be the driver or manufactuer to take the fault if something goes wrong. I am against the development of driverless cars.