That some schools offer the option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I think that this option is a really good idea for the students. This option can benefit many students that cannot attend schools in the regular schedule. Many students don not have the resources, time or for others personal reasons to attend schools and this option can be helpful for them to finished the studies.

Online classes. This is one of the option for those students that want finished the schools. This option can help them. They can take the classes from theirs home without go to the school and according the time that they have. Time can be a really impediment to attend school, a lot students that leave schools is because they have to work after school and they do not have enough time to do homework or other school activities. They start falling their classes and at the end they diced to leave the school and go to work. Because they may have to feed their families. Family and money can be other reason why the guys leave school some of then came here and don not have any family. so they have to studied and work at the same time to get some money to sent back to their families. But now with this option they can continue with their studies.

The other option can be the video conferences. This option also is a good idea to keep studying. Like online classes this also you can take it from your home any time that you want or depend the schedule that the teacher give you. Because on this option you are going to be taken classes in real time with teachers, that you will see each other by camera. This option can be helpful because while you are taking the class, you can talk to the teacher and ask about something that may be confuse you, and keep practice with him like you was in a school classroom.

One thing that make this great is that wile you are studying you can keep work and doing personal activities that you usually do. and the good of this program is that not only work for young people, adult also can attend this courses and finished their high school. Because other reason why people leave school is because they are over age or too old to go high school. But with this option you do not have that problem because this involve all people.

As we know in this time more and more teenagers are leaving the school. Some of then because do not have other option and others just because they are lazy. But now that the schools are providing this option many student that left school and other people can be benefit with that, and be a easy way for a lot students to finished their studies at get a better future.

I think that if more schools provide distance learning as option for the student, more people can get involve and be benefit with this program, and get better opportunities on their life. Because now that the school are doing this is not excuses to not finished the school.                      