The Electoral college is a very important part in the constitution allowing the citizens of the United states as well as congress voting as well. This usally would seem fair but to some it seems like it does not matter what the people vote but what congress and the electoral college vote on. Im going to side with the keeping on the college. The reasons i want to keep the college is the simple fact that it lets states electors decide on whom they want to vote for. The college itself has 538 electors and in order for a memeber of the republicans or democrates to become president they would need more then half those votes 270 to be exact. You do have a word in this say when you vote for your canidate your actually voting for its electors not the person whos gonna be president.

For me i believe that those who want to remove the electoral college possibly look at is as it being unfair. But its actually a fair voting system. Consider how many people are in the United states. If every single persons vote would be tallyed it would take a massive longer time to tally up the votes. Also another reason why they think its not fair is each state might have a higher percentage of one party like more republicans and less democrats. I think that in a way most people dont really have a party so their vote goes unjudged and they choose who they want in the office.

Lets take a more indepth look on why people want the electoral college being removed.  They say that under the electoral college system voters vote not for the president but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president. They believe that over 60 percent of voters prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. Apparently this years voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could lose the presidency. Heres the peoples best argument against the electoral college is what they might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse. Consider that state legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy.(So that a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy.) In the same vein, "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate.

This Mr Senator may seem like alot of words to you but this is actually talking about changing the electoral college so that the people word would seem more important to them instead of voting for electors. So i believe we need to keep the college and avoid the possibilty of the peoples word going it a bit higher then what it already is.    