Teachers are paid to give students their insight, and teach them to the best of their ability. So why not let them do their job? Teachers should design the projects that their students complete over the summer. This is because they are more experienced, educated, and objective than their students. Teachers are more experienced because they have spent a lot more time on the subject than their students have. Also, many teachers have received a formal education in teaching which gives them a better insight on what to assign over the summer. Finally, many students would prefer to have no summer project. Therefore, many students would be bias in the creation of their own summer assignment. Letting students design their own summer projects would not be implausible. However, students would overall benefit from completing teacher-designed projects as appose to their own student-designed projects.

Teachers are more experienced in teaching than their students are. Many teachers have devoted many years to teaching students. These teachers have learned what assignments are most effective and how to stimulate their students in such a way that makes them interested in what they are learning. My English teacher has been teaching English for 30 years. She is one of the best teachers I have met because she has accumulated lots of experience throughout her 30 years of teaching. Student would never hope to create an assignment as well as an experienced teacher. This highlights the gap between teacher and student. Many students would benefit a lot more from letting teachers create their summer projects. Additionally, teachers have more than just experience.

Teachers have received a proper education in teaching their students. Many teachers go to college to receive a formal education in the art of education. This gives them more knowledge than the students in how to help them learn. My chemistry teacher has a bachelors in teaching and a masters in organic chemistry, it felt like she had an endless well of knowledge on chemistry. It would be a lot more efficient to have teachers ,who have spent years learning how to teach do their job, than to relegate that responsibility to students who have no education in teaching. Even if these teachers don't have the best education they should still design their own summer projects.

Students are very subjective when it comes to the topic of their own assignments. Most students would prefer to receive no summer assignments. If they had the opportunity to assign their own summer projects they would try to give themselves as little work as possible. In 6th grade my teacher gave my class an assignment called the "genius hour project" in which the students had the entire year to research any topic they were interested in. Many students took advantage of the nature of the project and tried to give themselves as little work as possible. Some students even "learned" topics they were already well versed in to try to put in as little effort as possible. Even if this is a small sample size it shows the nature of students and how they are willing to take the path of least resistance even if they dont really learn anything.

In conclusion, teachers should design their own summer projects because of a multitude of reasons. Teachers are more qualified to design the students their own summer projects because teachers have more experience, education, and insight on teaching. On top of all of that they are also more objective when designing summer assignments, especially when compared to their students. I do believe that students do have the ability to create their own summer projects, but it would be more effective to let the teachers do what they are best at. These are the reasons teacher should design their own summer projects.            