There are a plethora of ways to gain education these days. One common way is taking classes online. Although many students go to public school and are successful, some believe that taking online classes at home is a better alternative. Students would not benefit from attending classes online because they would be working in an unorganized setting and they would not be able to socialize with others.

When a student is taking classes online, unless told otherwise, they do not have a schedule or time limit for when their assignments should be finished. This can lead to the student being unorganized and not finishing an acceptable amount of work. In public schools, there is a specific schedule every student needs to abide by in order for them to finish their work on time. Schools giving students free reign to let them do their assignments whenever they desire is setting up the student for failure and lack of productivity. Others may argue that some students could be responsible enough to complete their assignments on time; however, the education system should be guiding their students to think that way, rather than assuming they already do. The key to success is organization and determination; therefore, allowing students to take online classes is not an ideal strategy for them to receive impeccable results.

Furthermore, taking online classes can cause lack of socialization with others as well. Having the luxury to be able to work with others is something that students who work from home cannot experience. Working with other students allows everyone to voice their opinions or ideas and then combine them all into one to create something amazing in the end. This can also get assignments done quicker; hence the quote, "two minds are greater than one". On the other hand, working alone in the comfort of ones own home does avoid distractions from other students and events; however, experiencing distractions teaches the student how to work in stressful situations for the real world. It may also accentuate the fact that one cannot escape distractions, as someone will find them anywhere they go. Lack of socialization can also result in the student feeling lonely. Staying in the house all day and not being able to leave until they complete all their work can make the student feel isolated or sad. Being stuck indoors while doing work for long periods at a time can negatively affect a students' overall emotional health, which is why taking classes online wouldn't benefit students long-term.

In conclusion, there is debate on whether or not students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. It is true that people are successful regardless on how or where they receive their education; however, students would not benefit from attending classes at home because it does not allow them to be organized and affects their emotional state long-term.