No texting allowed while driving.

Everywhere you look there is always some on Instagram, Snapchat, or texting. Research proves that 76% of teens have died from car accidents. In many cases the teen was driving while texting on their phones. There has been an unnecessary use of money unfortunately for funerals due to car accidents that could've been avoided. My parents would always tell me the cellphone was the worse invention that was ever created. Although teenagers are crazy about their phones, texting while driving is too dangerous to do.

Admittedly, teens love their phones. We can't seem to exist without them. Teens connect with friends, family, and coworkers in this age of the computer. That's basically what the cell phone is now, a little but powerful, pocket-sized computer. Anything you want to know is just a click away.

However, texting while driving is just stupid. There have been several occasions where police have recovered cell phones after a car crash and the Snapchat application was open and the speed detector filter was active. The fastest speed ever recorded on the app was 121.2mph. There have been cases where people have died at only 10 mph. A lot of people text while they are stopped at a traffic light, but even then it is dangerous because you are not being wary of your surroundings.

In addition, teens act is if text messages or notifications are so important that it cannot wait until they arrive at their destination. Waiting to respond to a text, or just trying to impress your peers on Snapchat can save your life and or someone else's. In the year 2017 there were over 1,500 car accident fatalities in the state of Georgia. There has been a law passed in Georgia where if you are caught holding your phone while driving you will be pulled over and a $150.00 citation will be given. Being a resident of Georgia I feel this law has been helpful with car accidents due to texting and driving. Since this law has been passed the car accident rate in Georgia has decreased 10%.

In conclusion, there is no excuse to text and drive. One typing of a sentence can lead to serious injury and or casualties. The statistics speak for themselves. If it's important the person texting can call. That's faster than sending a message anyway and it just may save your life one day. So, put away the phone and keep your eyes on the road.      