"With less cars we have less accidents and less problems ". As a teenager i should be getting prepare to get my learner license but i do not bother because thats not my priority that doesn't mean i'm not interesting in driving but everything i need are close by like the mall , restaurants and a lot of other thing so i dont really see the need to be driving . By limiting our car usage we prevent accident and we payless bill such as car insurance and gas money .

"After a day of near-record pollution , Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city ". Every country should have more than one day where we are car-free because that will protect the air we breath by bringing the congestion down and also we will have less car accident. where everyone can take the bus or we can just walk to wherever we need to go. it would be a good opportunity to lower the cars accidents and the pollution ."All of our development since World War 2 has been centered on the car , and that will have to change " we can centered that development on something better , on something that will be on our benefit and that will help us to move foward not that the cars doesn't help us but it also pollute the air we breath and we need the air more then we need the cars , might as well reduce the development of car to protect ourselves . "In previous bills , 80 percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only 20 percent to other transport ".

buying a car and still have to pay all those extra money is a a pain and a waste money. Those money could got to your kids college funds or for vacations , putting yourself in a situation to have too much in your plate is not worth it ,why be always tense when we can be happier . That is too much money just on cars who will bring more trouble then anyone deserve . "A study last year found hat driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009 " young people have found out its not that fun having to drive around . Most likely as soon as you can drive your parents leave all the responsibilities on you ,starting with the groceries then dropping your young sibling somewhere to others thing. There's also the gas money , the car accidents and if you take a light the tickets bills  and the money for when you taking the highway . People shouldn't have all those trouble coming with the car , thats why the percentage reduce because most people now just take the bus or walk .

Many times my aunt had complained about the problems that come with the car but she still use her car for simple reason such as going to walmart by the house when she could just walk there .The advantages of limiting our cars usages such as less accidents and a better air to breathe are way better then the disavantages which are polluted air , having to pay cars insurances with gas and otherso why not stick to what's better for our environment.    