When you have to make a choice in a situation you don't feel confident in the situation you will ask for advice; logically speaking, the more advice you get, the better your decision will be. This can apply in scenarios of where the decision maker is in a place of discomfort, bias, or lacking the confidence.

But nonetheless, this topic can't be resolved in just a paragraph, so we will continue onward.

This can apply in scenarios of where the decision maker is in a place of discomfort.

Being selected by yourself alone can be stressful enough, but when you must make a decision about a topic you may be uncomfortable with the end results can be deafening. The amount of pressure that would be placed on that person's shoulders alone could be extremely hurtful, and if they aren't even comfortable with the topic in the beginning than they just couldn't make a clear choice

But when they are gifted compassion and advice, they will be able to make a choice that was not created through a state of panic but a state of calm.

Another way might be when the decision maker has thoughts of bias.

A biased opinion would be one that was created out of personal thoughts alone without further research, and to have those sources in order to make a decision that will effect others who disagree with it.

When two different opinions are met, they will most likely either fight for their opinion, or accept that other people are allowed to have separate opinions about certain things. A biased person will not be able to do that without help. As long as there is bias, there will be a strong lining of stubbornness that will need to be broken down by facts and reasoning. The advice given by others will eventually do so, and then the decision maker will be able to present a fair, just, and unbiased choice.

The third and final would be lacking confidence in themselves to making the possibly life-effecting choice.

The kind of things that may be racing though a their heads would make it unbearable to decade what to do, you must have full confidence in order to make a choice that is set in stone.

When you ask advice, you ask from different point of view, one that has full confidence in themselves in order to give you an honest answer. The only to learn is through experience, therefore, the decision maker figure out on their own how to gain confidence by listening to someone who has confidence and is giving them advice.

In conclusion, the best way to make a fair decision is seeking multiple opinions from others in order to make the better choice.

Through advice, people who do not feel comfortable in the situation they are in will be able to give an answer that will be worth it; people of bias will be able to see past their personal views and give an equal answer; People who are not confident enough in themselves to make an exact answer will be able to learn and use those moments of submissiveness into teaching moments. Everyone deserves to make a choice, but there are always some people who need some help discovering it. 