Cars have always seemed to be a necessity to people, but did you know just how bad cars can be? There are plenty of other modes of transportation you could choose from besides a car. Limiting car usage has plenty of advantages!

One advantage to limiting car usage is it improves safety. Safety in a community is what we all strive for and by taking this step, we can improve people's saftey immensely. By having less cars on the road, there is a lesser chance for fatal accidents to occur. As well, you will improve your own safety by not getting into a car as much. It will lower your chance of getting into a fatal accident yourself.  If you choose an alternate mode to transportation, you may also just increase your mood. In Elisabeth Rosenthal's article of "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars", a man named Heidrun Walter said that "when I had a car I was always tense, I'm much happier this way (without a car to drive). Driving can lead to a negative mood, but mix that with danger and the results could get terrible.

Another advantage to limiting car usage is by not using your car, you can save money. Let's face it, cars are an expensive thing to keep running. It costs you money each time you go to refill your gas, costs money every time you have to go in to see a mechanic, it costs money to wash your car, and don't forget about buying the car (or a new one if your current one has too many problems). Now with that in mind, just think about how much money one can save by not using the car as often as one does now. By not using your car, you can save yourself money and time.

More importantly, by limiting your car usage you can help reduce the emission into our atmosphere. As said in Elisabeth Rosenthal's article 'The End of Car Culture', "transportation is the second largests source of America's emissions, just behind power plants". By using a car daily, we emit a massive amount of carbon and other terrible gases into the atmosphere. Mixing those elements into our atmosphere can lead to smog and a destroyed atmosphere. Paris had to ban car usage for a few days just to clear out the global air arund them due to days of near-record pollution. We can save our environment, just by going the extra mile and choosing a different mode of trasportation.

By limiting car usage in our communities, it can lead to a healthier, happier, and safer community (as well as a money saver for all of us). It's understandable when you are to go a lengthy distance to use a car. Daily travels are usually close by, maybe try walking or taking the bus to your location. You may never know just how much you may like using that mode of transportation rather than driving your own car.    