I agree that students should participate in extracurricular activities because, sometimes kids go home and have nothing to do and just sit around the rest of the day after coming home from school. Secondly, there is a vast number of students that dont participate in any activities at all. Doing sports and other activities could probably help some students a lot. You can hang out with friends while doing these activities which can make the activity more fun. Lastly, Everyone is always mostly on there phone so they dont do anything productive.

Most of the time when kids get home they just lay around the rest of the day. Which is very boring, and not fun at all. Doing an extracurricular activity can stop you from being bored the rest of the day. When some students are bored they eat junk food, which is not healthy at all. Thats why some parents shouldn't let there child sit around all day. This happens very often where kids gain a lot of weight just from being bored. This can lead to a lot of health problems and i dont think anyone wants that for there kid. Nobody would want to see their kid really sick

When doing these activities you can ask a friend to join you if they are not in any activities either. Asking a friend to join can probably make you enjoy the activity more. Maybe you might think the activity is boring and would be better enjoyed if a friend joined you so you can have someone to talk to. Having no one to talk to makes it boring and makes you want to quit. You can also meet new people and make new friends with the people that are also in these activities. So inviting a friend who isn't in any activities could probably help them too.

Everyone is always on their phone and they really care about these activities. Sometimes students are more worried about playing a game on there phone or TVs when they get home. Thats these are even relevant for them. Additionally, They should talk about it more often in schools so the kids will see just staying home and doi9ng nothing isn't healthy and they at least should do sports or something productive. And being in front of a screen all day can damage your eyes. I don't blame them because being on your phone is basically like an addiction. Since there is so much to do on your phone instaed of actually going outside and doing things.

In conclusion, Being in a extracurricular activity could probably help improve your grades, your social skills, and your performance in school overall. It may even help improve some people grades, because a lot of people werent really focused on this type of stuff but joining an activity may help. It can help with boredom if students have nothing to do at home. It can also give them some fresh air if students are doing sports because they are technically cramped in a classroom and get stuck in busy hallways the whole day. So i agree that joining a extracurricular activity would be a good impact on school life.          