Limiting cars usage is a great idea. I believe that if we all come together and stop driving for a day, it will stop the pollution that is hurting the air we breath.

As Americans, we should be very concerned about the air we breath. Sometimes, we need our cars to go to different places in a great distance such as a relative place or even work. But on the other hand, we will get in our car and drive just to go to the store within a mile from our home. We should just walk. Limiting cars just might be the right idea.

"

When i had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way..." (Source 1) Cars, in my opinion, it a accident waiting to happen. Car accidents, Hit-and-runs and all types of other indcidents with cars are a big stresser. Walking is much safer if you take the right precautions. You can get the exercise you need without the hassle of going on Weight Watcher or Jenny Craig. Just put the keys down for a day and walk!

"It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."(Source

3) Limit cars, limit stress and limit the pollution that is hurting our eco system.

However, there still is a question unanswered: how will we get to the place we need to go thats not in walking distance? Limiting cars may save our ecosystem, but some people have to get to and from work or the doctor that is not in walking distance. For example, each day, my mom has to get to work in Tampa,FL. She has to take the expressway to get to where she is going. So what is she suppose to do? Walk? No. But on the better side of things, she can always take the bus or car-pool with her co-workers. Theres alway a better way to stop the pollution and save the ecosystem.

This shows that we can all come together and do something positive for our fellow Americans and Mother Earth.

Limiting cars have more good advantages than disadvantages. We have to save the world from harmful thing. Limiting cars limits the time and money of people. Thats why when you limit cars, you limit stress. So take a walk and save the world!            