Electoral college is a process in witch our founding fathers established it in the contitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. Electoral college is a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be by declaring the candidate who rreceives the most popular votes the winner. Deer state senators I strongly  think that we should keep the Electoral college because it is the most common way of voting for a president or leader,and it will not be smart to change something that has been used for years.

I strongly think that us american should keep the electoral college becuase it is the most common way of voting for a leader or president. In school they use this system to vote for the person that put the most imprestion on them. Same for the NBA they use the same system for who they won't as there most valueable player and who they won't to go to the all star games. This system is used to chose the person that they want as there leader or president.

Also I strongly think that the it is not the smartes thing to change. It has been used for many years. If you were to change it ther will be some really bad problems for the govornment. The citizensof america will not be happy with the way that the government has change something  that has been used for many years to something that is brand new. The wisest people that mad this system will not be elated if there system were changed. I don't think there is any other kind of way to vote.

Incunclution i think there is no reason to change the elctoral college. Electoral college is a process in witch our founding fathers established it in the contitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. Electoral college is a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be by declaring the candidate who rreceives the most popular votes the winner. Deer state senators I strongly  think that we should keep the Electoral college because it is the most common way of voting for a president or leader,and it will not be smart to change something that has been used for years.          