I am for the development of driverless cars. Why stop its progress when it has been worked on so hard all these years, this is definitely not the time to stop. Driverless cars could solve many problems in the community of drivers. For instance, texting and driving would become less of an issue. Based on its progress,

safety precautions, and its economic benefits, having cars that could drive themselves is one of the greatest ideas our world could ever have thougt of.

Cars that could drive independently have existed since 2009, and has nothing but progress since. The very fact that these vehicles could drive by themselves, even under specific conditions, should be our inspiration to keep moving forward with the idea. Technolohy we have now is way more advanced than the technology we had in 2009. This means that not only will be progressing the idea of driverless cars be faster, but more efficient due to better working conditons. If this development were to stop now, I know America would regret it.

Although the driverless cars are said to not be completely able to function on their own 100% of the time, they are able to tell the driver when they are not able to do so. With sensors and vibrations the vehicles have to warn the driver to be ready to take over the wheel the driverless car takes many precautions to ensure that there be no accidents. Drivers of these vehicles are forewarned that they must be ready to take control of their trasportation at all times. Doing this defeats the mentallity that the drivers should be sleep or doing other activities and not be responsible of their car. This funtion of the smartcars, along with its ability to brake and warn drivers on its own, strongly benefits the safety of all drivers.

Oil is equal to wealth. The world uses it for everyday uses such as driving or cooking or activities that require electricity. The article states that using the smartcars will reduce the usage of fuel, which is a huge issue for the world today. There are lives being lost over the functions of oil, countries and other territories become enemies because of selfishness formed from the want of oil, and once it is all gone, its gone. Scientists spend years trying to find the solution to oil inventory, why not use every way we can conjure to do so.

Smartcars are giving the world potential. They are giving the world potential to progress on to new technologies. They are giving the world potential to become a safer place for not only drivers but all inhabitants. They are giving the world potential to help our Earth. Development of driverless cars could very well save our world from plummeting back to all the inferior positions humans have overcome.           