Quick question can you remeber your first time behind the wheel, blood rushing from all the excitement from this new experience. So nervous but so anxious, filled with fear that you can't help but to embrace. Boy what a rush, but what about those who haven't had that experience yet? I guess that's one thing we forgot to stop and think about hmm.. That's because when it's outside of ourselves it doesn't really faze us. Sure taxi rides are fine at times but it would get old and boring sooner or later with out a doubt. So driverless cars are not really what I think we need at this point.

Driverless cars seems like a fun futuristic type of thing so I understand why people would want them , not to mention that in certain situtation could be lovely to have. Why wouldn't you want a driverless car you may ask. Well First off the price of one of these machines cost up to two hundred million dollars and I know for a fact I can't afford this and neither can lots of others in this world .There is also things that just don't add up, we have been told nothing about warrinties or how any payment go, do you get the same insurance as you did with a regular vechicle, and if something breaks or goes wrong and your injuired or injure someone else who's to blame.

The text even ask it's self " If the technology fails and someone is injuired' who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?".

If that's not a clear cut reason of why these are nothing but a risk then I don't know what is. People can be put at fault for an accident that they had no control over at all because the car drives its self, therefore its like a game of Russina roulette you never know whats gonna happen or who will be blamed.

In conclusion to some of these terrible possiblitles I still take into consideration that everything right now is just he said she said no one really has proof that it will shut down and cause accidents or if it will even cost two hundred million by the time it comes out. But there are some things we do know and that is that in : California, Nevada, Florida, and District of Columbia it is illegal to have even semi-automatic cars and changing laws for something unproven is highly doubted. As of now it sounds safer for a driver to be paying full attention to the road then to be in a unpredictable driverless car where anything could happen, safety comes first. So for the sake of the people who haven't had a chance to experience their first time behind the wheel and for the safety of all on the road driverless cars are a no in my book.