Many things today can be accomplished online without having to leave the comfort of your own home, including earning an education. Some schools currently offer distance learning to students, which is essentially attending classes from home through online classes or video conferencing. This method of learning has not yet been implemented into all schools, but it would benefit many students if it was. Offering students the option to partake in distance learning allows them to make the personal choice of what is most beneficial for them. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because distance learning may be the most covenant option for their circumstances, it would allow them to choose the learning environment that is most effective for them, and it would urge students to take on the responsibility of completing more independent work at their own pace.

Being able to attend classes from home would be beneficial to students because distance learning may be the most covenant option for their circumstances. Students have different conflicts they deal with when it comes to school, and distance learning is a solution that would make attending classes more flexible for students. It would be very beneficial to some specific students if they could choose to take classes at home. Specific examples of this are a student who has a long commute to school, a student who has young siblings that they need to watch over at home, or a student who is too injured to comfortably leave their home. In all of these scenarios it would be a covenant option for the students to take classes from home. Students should have the option to attend classes from home because it would provide them with an alternative choice that could be more covenant for them, therefore benefit them greatly.

Another benefit of students having the ability to choose distance learning, is it would allow them to choose the learning environment that is most effective for them. Not every student does well learning in a classroom setting, many happen to do their best work outside of school. The busy commotion of some classrooms produce a variety of learning difficulties for certain students. Some classrooms are filled with talkative students that may disrupt the well behaved students who are trying to learn. Other times, the problem may be a sociable student who is having a difficult time being productive in a classroom filled with social distractions, or a student who faces social anxiety that causes them to have issues learning in class. Some students that face difficulties like these in a classroom setting may prefer to learn in a different environment. Such as a student choosing to learn quietly at home with less social distractions, or a student choosing to work outdoors to calm their anxiety. If students were given the option of distance learning they could make the choice to attend classes from home, or anywhere else that would be most beneficial to their learning needs.

Some may argue that if students were able to attend classes from home it would not benefit them since they would not be receiving the constant guidance and help that they would from a teacher in a classroom. With less frequent guidance from a teacher in a classroom, students would have to work independently more often. However, having to work independently would ultimately benefit students because it would cause them to become more responsible. Students would have to be responsible for completing their classes at home on their own time. Although students would be more independent with distance learning, they would still have a teacher for their online class that they could contact about questions they have from home. While not being in a classroom with a teacher may be a change that would take time for some students to get used to, it would not be an issue for some. Not every student needs as much assistance as others, some are quick learners that would rather learn at their own pace without a teacher helping them along every step. If students were able to choose distance learning, it would benefit them by influencing them to take on responsibility through more independent learning and working at their own pace.

In conclusion, being a covenant option for some students' circumstances, allowing students to choose the learning environment that is most effective for them, and causing students to take on responsibility through more independent learning are the reasons why students would benefit from distance learning and why it is a beneficial option to provide. Whether or not distance learning would be beneficial for an individual student depends entirely on the student's circumstances, preferences, and needs. Every student learns differently and works better in different scenarios or environments, therefore attending classes from home would not affect every student the same. What may be the best option for one student, may not be the best for another. Every student should be given the opportunity to partake in distance learning if they decide it is the most beneficial option for them and improving their education. 