BOOM! CRASH! BANG! "911, what's your emergency?" "HELP! we've been in a terrible accident, please get here fast!"Sirens and horns is what you hear after a terrible car crash. By limiting car usage, we could prevent less car accidents/traffic jams, pollution/greenhouse gas and we can get more exercise.

To begin with, pollution and the greenhouse effect are really bad to the environment. Car exhaust and other gases are a big contributor to that. How do we do something to help that people ask? Well you can drive less and maybe walk or ride a bike. It will limit so many big issues if you just dont drive as much. Source 3, paragraph 24 business man, Carlos Arturo Plaza says "It's a good oppertunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." You know what he did after he said that? He rode away in a 2 seater bike with his wife. Thats a business man, and even he doesn't have a problem riding his bike to work with his wife. You can do so much to save the earth. You, can make a difference. You don't have to be the hero, but you can sure do your part to help save the day.

In comparison, car accidents? They are the absolute worst. It not only affects 1 car but it could affect 2 or 3. Maybe even more. Limiting car usage could prevnt so many accidents and that means no more hospital visits. Source 2, paragraph 4 says "Congestiion was down 60% in the capital of Frnce after 5 days of intensifying smog." That means that there was 60 percent less traffic jams and accidets in 5 days! That's an amazing improvment. I always wished that people couldn't get hurt or that I could save someones life, so that what I will try to do. Drive less, or drive only when it's needed. Don't leve your car running. A big negative is don't speed and watch all around you. You can prevent killing someone, not just that, but you can decrease the amount of accidents that can happen. Don't make an asamine choice and drive because you feel like it. Help save this earth. It's really all we have left.

Lastly, you can get more exercise. Riding a bike and walking is a great source of exercising. Everyone always talks about how obeseity is a big problem well this can decrease the amount of body weight you have and you wont put gases into the air. That's 2 problems solved in 1. There are so many things you can do to solve this issue and these are only a few. I see a lot of people riding bikes or walking to school. Teachers especially which shows you that they arent always asking teenagers or new drivers to do it. Don't be the reason the earth is getting worse. Be the reason its getting better.

In conclusion, pollution is bad and so are accidents. But there is always a soulution to the madness. You yourself can make a change. This earth can't take care of itself, it needs your help, so help it. Limiting the usage of your car is a great start. Yes, cars are great and they get you from point A to point B and they can warm you up when it's cool outside or cool you down when its hot, those are all true statements and that's fine it really is. Just limit it and things will start to get a lot better, trust me. It all starts with one person willing to make a change and that person can be you.                             