Phones and driving

Phones and driving is where you text, call, or use your phone in any way. It's very dangerous and I think people should not be able to do it to keep them safe and the other people around them safe as well. Many things can happen when being distracted from driving such as a little crash as a bump to a car or can be as serious as hitting someone or injuring yourself it can also lead to your or even someone else death.

In most cases people from the age 18-33 admitted to using the phone while driving about 59% of them. They say the reason they do this is because they feel as if they are safe and wont crash, but some of them have admitted that they have been involved in an accident.

Some people feel as if sending a simple text won't do any harm so it's fine to respond or if someone is calling they should pick it up rather than let it ring.

Using your phone while driving is a very dangerous thing to do because it can cause a lot of damage and can make some people pay lots of money. Some people don't realize how bad it is to do these things because the people who do it are the ones who have been involved in an accident.

There are many different consequences some can be $20-$500 but if you kill or harm others than if can be jail or prison time all the way up to life in prison one thing that can happen is you can kill yourself doing this or kill a kid who could grow up to be the president or the person to find the cure for cancer or just a very important person. Using you phone might not get you killed but it can get others killed.

In conclusion using your phone for any reason isn't worth it because not only are you in danger but others as well. If I were you I wouldn't use your phone because even if you don't get caught that means you'll do it again and the next time you do than that could be the time you get hurt or killed. What I think new could do to keep this from happening is putting cameras around the roads to see who uses their phone and write them a ticket and or fine them.   