Looking at someone can tell a lot about someones emotions but, the FACS (Facial Action Coding System) made a software that can calculate someones emotions. The software calculates somones emotions by seeing the movements of a muscle. It calculated da Vinci's painting of Mona Lisa and said that she is 83 percent happy, 9 percent dishusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. It can expose if someone is bring a fake smile. I think this software will be very valuable.

A reason why I think it would be valuable is because it could calculate if a student in a classroom is bored or confused. The software could modify the lesson if a student is confused. This can help students be more attached with the lesson. In the text it says," A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." This is why the software could be valuable.

Another reason why is could it could be valuable for a student in a classroom is to see if a student is depressed. If a student has a mental disease like depression or bipolar, the software can know if a student is feeling depressed or if a students emotions change by seeing how their muscles move. The teacher can help the student if he/she has depression when a student is trying to hide it. In the text it says," They even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one." This could help the software be more valuable.

The final reason why it is valuable is that it can tell if a student it lying or not. It can see if a student is tell the truth by just looking at their face. FACS calculates major muscles in the someones face and exposes if someone is lying and experts say," Faces don't lie". The evidence in the text says that," The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-d comouter model of the face; all major muscles in the model must move like human muscles." This would help teachers with students in the classroom.

The FACS would help many teachers with their students to make teaching more better. The software would even help video games to make computer-animated faces more expressive. The FACS would help companies and people to indicate someones true feelings without them fooling someone. They should add this type of technology to computers in the future.      