Cell Phone Usage while Operating a Vehicle

Many states have made the use of cell phones while driving illegal due to the number of accidents that are related to conducting calls and texting. Many states have also created laws to ban handheld mobile phone use. Cell phone usage has become the leading cause of distracted driving. Drivers can easily become distracted, decreasing the driver's awareness on the road, leading to more car accidents. I

agree with cell phones being banned while driving.

I believe that driving while using a cell phone should be banned because of the drastic increase in accidents. On one occasion, my mom was hit from behind because the person in the car behind her was texting on a cell phone. Fortunately my mom was not seriously hurt because the driver behind her was not driving at a high speed. If the driver in the car behind my mom was driving at a higher speed, my mom could have been severely injured or killed. Banning cell phone usage while driving enables a driver to remain focused and to keep the appropriate amount of distance between vehicles.

A driver can't focus on the road or other vehicles while consistently talking or texting on a cell phone. Studies have proven that drivers who use cell phones while driving are more prone to cause accidents.

Cell phone usage while driving has caused car insurance premiums to increase. My mom's car insurance increased an additional $15 a month this year. That additional $15 can go towards gas to get us back and forth to school, work, church, etc. Her car insurance agent advised her that rates have increased across the board; distracted driving was the main reason for the increase. I earned my learner's permit this year. My mom is afraid to teach me how to drive because of her fear of distracted driving. I will be attending a defensive driving school to learn how to drive. My mom is not looking forward to adding me as a driver on her car insurance because her premium is going to increase drastically.

She often complains about distracted driving contributing to higher car insurance rates. I don't bother my mom about teaching me how to drive for now; she takes me wherever I need to go. I'm about to graduate from high school, and it is my intent to attend college or go to the military. I have to learn how to drive very soon, but I'm really not looking forward to it.

Society has become more connected to cell phones more than ever. Cell phones provide a lot of convenience. From communicating with relatives and friends, checking emails, paying bills, taking pictures, recording videos, listening to music; you name it! However, talking or texting on cell phones while driving simply don't mix and has become a huge issue in the past few years.

Everybody has their own opinion regarding cell phone usage while operating a vehicle, but I

believe that using cell phones while driving should not be allowed. Using a cell phone while driving has the driver focusing on the phone instead of the road. This increases the time it takes for a driver to react effectively. In case of an emergency; the driver should pull over in a safe zone and then call for assistance. The main reason for most car accidents in today's society is driving while using a cell phone.

I urge my family, friends and anyone reading this essay to take the "AT&T It Can Wait" pledge against distracted driving at "www. itcanwait. com". "Join the millions who have pledged to drive distraction free.

From checking emails, to posting on social media behind the wheel, all of it can wait." As of today, over

32,083,847 pledges have been made. Pledge now!

Works Cited

Website: www. itcanwait. com Take the Pledge, Be an Advocate.                                                    