To start with, the challenge of exploring Venus is that it's more then just one challenge it's several. There are terrible weather conditions, ninty times the pressure we have on our planets, clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid, and a ton of other challenges.

Frist of all, the heat conditions on the planet Venus are close to eight times the heat that we've ever felt on our planet. The average tempeture on Venus is around eight hundred degrees Farenheit every day. This heat could melt some of the metals that we have on our planet, Earth. On days that are around ninty degrees on our planet it is very hot imagine being in that heat but times eight. People would die from the heat of that planet and this is one reason why it makes it such a great challenge to explore Venus.

Second, according to paragraph 3 of the article it states "the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." Living on this planet seems to be complety insane! The pressure on this planet could liquefy many of our metals.

If a submarine made to dive to the deepest depths in our ocean went there the water would crush and liquify almost the entire thing. Swiming to low in our planet can pop your ears and possibly even burst your ear drum imagine what swimming on that planet would be like; considering if you could even swim due to the weather.

lastly, the heat, and the pressure are not the only things you need to worry about. Venus's geology and weather has additional problems like powerful earthquakes, erupting valcanoes, and lightning strikes that destroy probes. It wouldn't be possible to get a submerine to the water on Venus without it getting struck by lightning first. These weather conditions are terrible and impossible to work with.

The article states "at thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on earth." These conditions are horrible and the people wouldn't even be on the planet. This is by far one planet that would be very challenging to abserve and even be around.

To conclude, everything about exploring Venus is challenging! The heat is far hotter than anything that humans have ever delt with. The pressure could crush submarines meant for going to the depest depths in our world. Imiagine what it could do to humans.

These aren't even the only problems, clouds cover Venus and these clouds are no regular clouds; they're clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid.

Not only this but Venus has the hottest surface tempetures and it's not even the planet closes to the sun. These are some of the greatest challenges of exploring Venus.   