Summer break has finally arrived and students can not wait to relax and have fun. But some schools assign projects for students even while they have summer break. They do this so the students can continue to learn even when they are on break. Those assignments and projects need to have the accurate amount of designing and planning either by the students or the teachers. Students should have the right and responsibility to design their own projects for the summer. Students will have the ability to show their creativity. Students will make their assignments fun and educational and last but not least, students will not have as much stress if they can design their own projects.

When students or young people in general have the opportunity to create or design something, their creativity flourishes. They can come up with many ideas and suggestions when they write papers, draw pictures or sing and dance. Making and creating their own assignments would not be any different. Students will enjoy being able to be in control of their own assignments. It would give them a sense of responsibility and also the feeling of being able to do something on their own. Teachers would see how accountable and imaginative their students truly are.

Some may say, that students could potentially make their assignments too easy and will not put in enough work. They could take advantage of how much creativity they can show by hindering how much creativity they actually put into the project. If they did that, they would not show their true artistic potential in the assignment. If the students wants to be truly seen as a responsible, young adults, then they should not take advantage of the project and they should put the correct amount of effort into the assignment. The next reason as to why students should assign their own projects over the summer is that could make it fun but also educational at the same time.

Some teachers' assignments can be more educational than they are fun. Teachers want what is best for their students. When it comes to projects that are to be done over the summer though, their should be a balance of education and fun since students are on break from school itself. Students will have the opportunity to incorporate the fun as well as the educational side of the project. Pupils will be excited and intrigued with how they can learn from their very own project, while having fun at the same time. The fun of the project at times could overpower the educational gain from the assignment. The student could be caught up in so much of the fun, that they do not realize the learning aspect of the project. However, students should want the teacher to see how they benefited from the project that they designed on their own. The last reason why students should design their own projects over the summer is that they are not put through much stress.

Many assignments, especially if someone is in an honors or AP class, can be daunting. Students controlling their own projects will make them at ease. Young people know their limits and they also know when they are not able to do certain things. When they create their own assignments, they will cater to their own limits. They will not feel the same pressure that would come from a regular assignment from school. Summer breaks are supposed to be relaxing. Students should not feel stress especially from school during their vacation. Many students around the world all know how stress inducing some assignments can be. They would feel so much better if they could create it on their own.

Some may say that students will hold back and not try things that may take more work, like was mentioned in the second paragraph. But summer vacations are supposed to refresh students. Students will not be under a lot of pressure, but they will still be able to learn when they design their own projects for the summer.

Over the summer projects are assigned in many schools. Teachers have the responsibility of creating their own projects for their pupils. Students though should be able to create and design it for themselves. When they create the project by themselves they show their creative ability. They can make it fun and educational at the same. Lastly, they will not be under much pressure or stress. So if someone's school encourages the idea of over-the-summer projects, the students should also encourage the idea of letting the students create their own projects. 