As crazy as living without a car sounds, more and more people are doing it. One popular reason for it is for a healthier and happier lifestyle. In Elisabeth Rosenthal's short story titled In

German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

Heidrun Walter reports "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Her and many others like her in the town of Vauban, Germany have experienced the difference and felt stress go away. The city has banned driveways and home garages, encourging the rule of living "car-free." The people rely on public transit, bicycles and their own two legs. While many people are stressing to get a car, the people of the town feel stressed if they have a car. Over half the population sold their cars to move there, and don't regret a thing. In the article titled

Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota

, Andrew Selsky quotes Carlos Arturo Plaza as saying "It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress" as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife.

Also Carlos Arturo Plaza goes on to say "[it's a good oppurtinity to] lower air pollution." People are realizing how many pollutants that cars emitt into the atmosphere. One example place is Paris, known for their terrible smog, has finally done something to clean it up. Robert Duffer wrote in

Paris bans driving due to smog

"After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." The law stated even numbered license plates couldn't drive one day, and the other, odd liscense plates couldn't. A little thing like this had a big effect. Duffer then reported "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog." Elizabeth Rosenthal in the aritcle

The End of Car Culture showed the idea " if [these] patterns persists...it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions." Americans are partically to blame for pollution. Our need for the newest, biggest, best things, has come at a cost, and more than money. Green-house gases are stacking up, and we have to take a stand some time. Rosenthal goes on to describe political leaders are working to fix this too, "President Obama's abitious goals to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions [were] unveiled last week."

In places already practicing the no car rule, environments have improved; more than pollution wise. Andrew Selsky reported of "the construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths" and  "uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks." These two additions of Bogota, Colombia have inspired many people to turn in their keys, and take a hike instead. Not only have these changes made people more happy, but it makes their city more beautiful and they are starting to get outdoors and see it. The author reports that "municipal authorities from other countries came to Bogota to see the event [car-free day] and were enthuriastic," amung the people visiting was the Mayor of Paraguay's capital city. When more people see the effects, they want to do the same thing. Columbia's one day event has brought about much talk in neighboring towns and even "two other Colombian cities, Calli and Valledupar, joined the event."

On the other side of the argument, many car industries are trying to compete with these new ideas and technology. Rosenthal quotes in

The End Of Car Culture

"But it could have negative implications for the car industry. Indeed, companies like Ford and Mercedes are already rebranding themselves "mobility" companies with broader product range beyond the personal vehicle" As humans advance into the ideas of walking, biking, or taking public transportation, car companies strive to become known for things other than cars. They want to be able to sell you things still, even if you don't want or need a car. Later she writes how Bill Ford proposed the fresh idea at the Mobile World Congress that car dealers should "partner with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which 'pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety." This long quote simply means having all forms of transportion and the new technology in communications to be one, for the better of the people.

With or without cars, we all are always on the move. Some cities have adapted new ideas to get from place to place, or simply old ideas, being put back into action. Although Henry Ford would probably be dissapointed at his invention being faded out, Mother Nature would be pleased of us taking care of Earth. We never know what the future holds, but we do know, we'll always only have one home, so we better take care of it.    