Different Forms of Advice

Sometimes I ask different people for advice such as my friends, my family, and my teachers but that does not mean I am trying to be rude it just mean that I am getting different responses. When people ask for advice and they multiple people they are just trying to seek different opinions than what you gave them. They are trying to find a clearer answer, a different response, and a more reasonable response. People are trying to reevaluate their opinions that they have heard fro possibly better opinions. Sometimes people like to seek different responses because they could have not liked the previous response or they just want to hear a different persons advice. Another reason for seek different advice is because they want to make sure that they are making the right decisions.

Reasons to ask for different advice from different people is because they want to find a clearer form of advice they understand. A reason for this is because they would like to make sure they do not make the same mistake so when they seek others advice if they do not understand it they are going to keep asking until they find clearer answers. Another reason for trying to find a clearer answer is because they probably did not hear them so how are you going to go by their advice if you could not understand them

Also you could ask them to repeat what they said but sometimes people do not like to be bothered so you could just ask a different person and get their advice. Last reason you could ask for a second opinion for a clearer reasoning is when you are asking people sometimes the person you are asking does not want to be talked to because he is having a bad day or something, so you have to move on to another person until you find someone that actually likes company and would not mind giving you advice.

Secondly reasons for wanting to ask another peer is because they would like to hear something different and something that they have already heard. They could want some different advice because they could have already heard somebody say what you have said but they want some more advice so they have different things to look forward to. Another reason is because they would like to have different forms of advice because the could have wanted a specific form of advice but they ended up hearing other reasons and opinions on what they should do and you have more forms of advice to think about. Other reasons for wanting to hear different advice is because they want to listen and hear what other people have to say that is different but about the same topic. My last reason is because they normally hear advice just to hear it from one person but when you ask multiple people you hear multiple types of reasons on why you should or why you should not.

Lastly people ask different people for advice on the same topic because they are trying to find a more reasonable opinion on why they should or why they should not. The reason for wanting to get a more reasonable opinion is because if you hear something that you know is impossible you want hear something that sounds a little more manageable or at least a little easier and doesn not take that long to do. My second reason for getting a more reasonable response is because you could want to do something a little easier to do or not as hard so you go for the easier ones so you can get them done faster. My third reason for want a reasonable response is because you could have wanted to do something or hear something that sounds really reasonable to you so you would like to hear it from somebody so you go and ask to see if anybody think it is as reasonable as you do.

When people ask for advice and they multiple people they are just trying to seek different opinions than what you gave them. They are trying to find a clearer answer, a different response, and a more reasonable response. and the reasons for my reasons are in the text so read if you want to understand why. Another reason for all of that is to find ways to do something without doing something bad or wrong.