Limiting car usage isnt such a bad idea. For starters, it helps keep a friendly enviroment, it also saves money and time for people to get to know eachother and talk a little more.

To begin with, limiting car usage would help keep a healthy, clean enviroment. In the article, 'In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars' Elisabeth Rosenthal states that "the Enviromental Protection Agency is promoting car reduced communtities, and legislatures are starting to act, if cautiously." Which shows that less car usage would help protect our enviroment. Not only the enviromental agency, but the government and people agree. Also in the article 'Paris bans driving due to smog' Robert states that "the smog cleared up enough Monday for the ruling French part to rescined the ban for odd-numbered plates on tuesday" giving us the fact that th esmog from the cars was hurting the eviroment and causing smog and reckless driving.

Secondly, limiting car usage would would save money and gas. In the article, 'Paris bans driving due to smog' Robert Duffer says that "almost 4,000 drivers were fined-diesles make up 67 percent of vehicles in France." We all know diesles an expensive gas, that more than half of France has to pay for just to get from place to place. It also proves that reckless driving and smog from cars can cause damage to someones pockets with fines.

Lastly, reduced driving can help people within the same community, get to know eachother better because your either riding around on a bike or walking, giving you the chance to associate with your neighborhood friends. As stated in the article 'Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota' , "parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven pitted sidewalks; rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new resteraunts and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." which shows that driving had good aspects and helped the communty get along more.

In conclusion, thats why limiting car usage would have a good affect on our communities and a good affect on th ewhole world in general, because it helps keep a friendly enviroment, and it saves money and time for family and friends.    