How can students continue to learn over the summer? Summer break is the longest break of the year for most students, and many students tend to not maintain what they had learned during the school year. Naturally teachers would want their students to continue learning over the break. In order to do so teachers might assign summer projects, that way their students don't stop learning over the 2 month break and are able to maintain what they already learned from the school year. Most summer projects that are teacher-designed bring the stresses of the school year, such as deadlines or requirements, into summer break. That's why these summer projects should be student-designed as it would provide the students with more freedom, an increased interest in what they learn, and less stress over the course of the project.

Having a student-designed summer project would allow for students to feel an increased sense of freedom. If the project were to be student-designed, then the students will feel more free because they'd be able to do their project based off of what they like, which would increase their interest in the subject of their project. With an increased sense of freedom, students will enjoy the project rather than feel as if it was just another assignment they needed to do for school. The feeling of freedom would increase their interest in the subject of their project because students would have the opportunity to design the project on what they like. This means that the students would put in more effort into the project, as they would feel they are doing what they like to do and not what they have to do. The increase in effort means that the quality of the project would be better. This is because the students would have a genuine interest in what they were doing. If summer projects were student-designed, then the students would feel more freedom, which would increase their interest in what they were meant to learn. This would lead to students putting in more effort into their project, which will make the quality of the project better, and they would enjoy the project more.

When students enjoy the project, they tend to stress over it less. Summer break is meant to be a time where students shouldn't have to worry about the stresses of school. It should be a time where the students feel stress free, and free to do what they want. If the students get to decide their own projects, then they would feel less stressed out because the project would be on their own terms. They would get to decide what they wanted, and how they wanted to do it. This would cause less stress because the students would become their own teachers. They would get to learn without having to feel the stressful deadlines or requirements of the teacher-designed assignments they have during the school year. A student-designed summer project is be better for the students themselves because they wouldn't feel the stress that teacher-designed assignments bring during the school year.

Summer break is a time where students get to relax and not worry about the stresses of the school year. The break is meant for students to relax from school, but the majority of students relax too much and end up losing what they learned throughout the school year. The best way to solve this problem would be to assign summer projects that the students could do to maintain what they had learned in the school year, while learning more during the summer. Instead of these projects being teacher-designed, like all the work the students have already done in the school year, the projects should be student-designed. This would lead to students feeling more free, more interested, and less stressed by their projects. They would learn better as the students would genuinely want to do the project, and they wouldn't feel as if they had to do the project. It can be difficult to maintain what you learn from the school year, but if students got to design their own project, they would continue to learn throughout the course of the summer in a healthy, stress-free way.