Some people take advice from more than one person, I will be telling you why that is. Some people have trouble deciding over items, so the person could look for multiple people to help them decide, one person could say one thing and another person could say a different thing, the person would have to ask more people and base it off of the reasons he was given. Reasons why people should ask more than one person is that they can have more than one answer or opinion, and it can help them decide through multiple ideas.

People should ask for multiple opinions because they can acquire more than one answer. Having more than one answer can help you decide. Generic_Name could not decide on which pack of bananas to choose at the store so she asked two workers which they preferred best. Another reason why you should have more than one answer is so you would have more to work with. Generic_Name asked people which lawn chair was the best to purchase, he obtained multiple answers and used them to choose a lawn chair.

Many people should ask for multiple opinions because it can help them decide through the ideas they obtain. A reason for that is that it can make for a better decision. Generic_Name acquired multiple ideas from asking people so she can make a better decision on what she is going to purchase. Having multiple ideas to decide with can help you have more to work with. Generic_Name was able to think easier with having more opinions on where he should eat at.

Another reason you should have multiple ideas is so it wont stress the person out trying to choose it. Generic_Name did not stress over buying a new house because he asked his parents and friends to help him decide.

These are the reasons you should have more than opinions when making a decision. It can help you with more than one answer to help you decide and to have more to work with. It can also help with multiple ideas, help you make better decisions, help you decide by having more to work with, and helping not to stress over the decision. Those are the reasons to get more than one opinion to make a decision.