When people ask for advice why do they ask multiple people? When you ask more than one person for their advice, you get multiple points of view. Asking more than one person for advice is better because almost every person has had a different experience with something. If you only talk to one person and you just go off of what they tell you, your decision is going to be bias. The reasons why asking multiple people is better than just one are you get multiple points of view, every one has a different experiecs and opinion, and so your decision is not bias.

The first reason asking multiple for advice is good is you get multiple points of view. If you only have one point of view you do not know all the real facts. All you know is what that one person told you and your decision is not going to be accurate. If you had multiple points of view you would know a lot more facts and your decision would be a lot more accurate. That is the first reason why multiple people's opinions are better than one.

The second reason is asking multiple people for advice is better than one is every person has had a different experience. For example, say your looking to buy a new truck, you pick out one you like and you ask one person with the same truck if they like it, and they say that they hate it and it never runs right. Then you ask two other guys if they like it, and they say they love it and it runs perfect. You buy it and then you really love it, but if you had just listened to the first guy you never would have bought it. That is the second reason why you ask more than one person.

The final reason is if you talk to just one person your decision is going to be bias. When you have not heard from anyone else but that one person you believe them and think they are 100 percent right. They could be right, or they could be terribly wrong, but you don't know because you have no way to tell if they are right or not. If you hear from two or more people you won't be bias because you have multiple people's opinions. That is the final reason why multiple people are better than just one.

In the end you should always ask more than one person. Never ask one person, you are probably gonna end up with a bias opinion. If you have a bias opinion your most likely not going to make the best decision. If you ask one person he might be right, he might be wrong but asking multiple people will tell you if he is right or wrong. Those are all the reasons why asking multiple people for advice is better than only asking one.             