I agree with kids having to do one extracurricular activity,because it gets a lot more students involved in the community. It can also lead to kids living a healthy lifestyle. There could be a potential basketball player that does not know what he is capable of and he could find it through sports. When they work in the yearbook they can find someone who is new to the school and make them feel welcomed. They can find things they never knew that they liked. This can lead to a better school and community.

When a student is forced to do something first they don't like it but then it can lead to many different things in the future. For example, you don't know if you like something until you try it. It is the same way with sports. What if there is a kid that plays basketball for fun but he does not want to try out. Now he can try out and if he really likes it he can furthermore better his skills at it. What if because he had to do the bare minimum of one activity he gets many scholarships in high school and goes to the NBA. Just because of that one activity.

Students have a tuff time fitting in sometimes and it can help by doing extracurricular activities. For example, both students both like taking pictures but they don't think anything of it. They both join the yearbook program which takes pictures of students and faculty. Then they meet and then they become good friends. Just because of that one activity that they had to do. They become a wedding photographers.

Let's say a student wants to become a governor and they see student council and they join it. Now when they join they become president of the school. This program would teach them how to listen to the school and make fundraisers and help the school out. This program might make them want to go in depth in their career choice and make them want to join in high school because they enjoyed it so much. Just because they did the bare minimum of one choice. They become the governor of Virginia.

Students may not like being forced to do things. They choose to work for it though. Being asked to participate in one activity may seem cruel or not nice enough. But it opens doors to many things in life to different things. Just because they did the bare minimum of one choice.           