Students should have summer projects; however, it should be student-designed rather than teacher-designed. Having a teacher designate and choose one's project for them can be a very confusing or frustrating moment for a student, especially if they have no idea or no enjoyment for the work which causes most students not to complete the task. Also since it's during the summer, there's a really high chance that the student will possibly forget about their project or just not do it if it doesn't interest them. Which brings up to this statement, students should design their own summer project because they'll show more interest and effort in their work compared to a teacher chosen topic, everyone project will be different and unique, and there would be a better chance that the work would be done and completed.

A student who has more control and more of a saying in what they'd be doing would boost their motivation to accomplish their self-given task. Basically a student will show more effort on their project since they are working on something that catches their eye and excitement. Having a teacher choose a student's project can possibly compromise the grade and production of the project because they'd find it a lot more hard and difficult to complete, especially since there will be little to no connection between the student and the teacher during the summer break. Yes, students will have a lot of time to complete the work given from the teacher; however, there might not be much progress done if the students aren't being directed/guided and told step by step on what their teacher expects from them and how the project should be represented. In this case it'd seem like a better option is to leave the students into leading their own work.

Having a student design their own work can open up their creativity to understanding what they can do to make their work seem appealing and fantastic. Usually people would use this has a competition to out best their fellow peers work, which can lead to blowing away their classmates and teachers mind away when they've completed the project. The students creative work can has well be a positive boost toward their grade of their project and can enlighten their peers or others on creative ways they can improve or enhance their projects in the future; furthermore, if everyone had done their projects in a teacher design way then majority of the work will look either bland, the same, or maybe even seem plagiarized. Which should conclude on why students should take control with their own work and amaze everyone on how creative they can get when they're doing something they enjoy.

Finally, there'd be a higher rate of completion because the students would want to show off their hard work and dedication they've put within their projects during the summer. After all the work they had put in, the students will feel satisfactory and accomplished that they'd want to turn the work in to the teacher; however, if the students were instead forced into what their teacher assign them it will leave them uncertain or unsatisfied about what they did, which leaves to a positive or a negative pathway. Having it one of the 2 ways could affect the students mood/mentality and effort in work to put into future tasks. So with that giving the fact, students feel more pride and accomplishment with what they did on their own terms rather them someone else's terms, would increase the rate of completion and satisfaction.

Teachers should view this has a way for students to take in charge of what they're researching about. In the end maybe the teacher will even find out something new in a interesting way of learning about it; furthermore this could also be a good opportunity for students to express the topic that interest them among their peers with their self-made project. Which brings the statement once again, students should design their own summer project because they'll show more interest and effort in their work compared to a teacher chosen topic, everyone project will be different and unique, and there would be a better chance that the work would be done and completed. 