Why is it better to get advice from multiple people to help someone make a better choice? It's important to get multiple opinions from anyone because you can have more open options and have a idea on what would be better for you in the future and you wouldn't feel helpless and depressed no matter what the situation your in.

Most importantly, when you have more options your most likely to wait and observe all those options and see which one would fit your needs the best. When getting advice from someone you would probably play it out in your head and ask yourself, is this the best choice for me? Asking yourself what option would positively help the outcome of my situation. In that case your gonna need/want multiple advice from different people. Then, you would want to think how that might effect your future in the long run. You wouldn't want anything bad to happen between you or someone just because it helped you in the end. Try and solve the problem by understanding yourself and that other person,like you would want good outcomes for both of you and for no one to be hurt. After,your gonna want to know that that was the best choice for you so that the situation was completely resolved. It might effect somethings good or bad. But in that way you would learn from it and know that maybe that certain option wasn't the best to fit your needs. Open and multiple opinions are always gonna be better than having one because there will always be a better chance of having a problem figured out.

Additionally, asking for advice won't make you feel helpless or depressed. Most people these days suffer from depression because they think they don't have anyone to turn to and nothing is gonna help them in anything they're caught up in. Opening up and talking to people can re leave that feeling. Asking people for help and advice on what to do. First,asking others for options would make the situation less stressful and you wouldn't have to feel alone. Sometimes when you do have more than two or three ideas, those ideas can surprisingly make a better impact on the situation. You have better ways to see the outcome because of that opinion you followed through with. All together,the situation can be resolved or it won't have to be a big deal like it was before that made you feel uncertain. All those opinions and advice you took can make your life so much easier and make you feel less worried. Taking the advice,using it, and letting it help you and the situation can take off any negative energy you felt towards yourself. You can be unbothered and be happy that you no longer have to take care or think of what you had to go through . So basically letting other people help you and your needs can take off so much stress off you shoulders and you wouldn't have that feeling of being empty all the time because you have no idea on what to do or if anything can help at all.

So because asking people for multiple opinions and seeing how it can effect your future and feeling less stressed or depressed, there will always be a better chance for you to make a better choice and have almost anything solved. It's better to have help from others and not just ask yourself all the time for advice that would probably stay the same. You need to have different ideas and thoughts to play out so you have a higher chance for something better.