I believe that using this technology to read students' emotional expressions is a bad idea, most people hide their emotions for a reason. Whether its struggle in class or things happening at home, they'll talk about it if the teacher can help but its best to keep those things to yourself and figure out how to deal with it or talk to a professional about those things. In some cases it may help, some people might become dimented or tormented by something on their mind and make rash discisions that harm themselves and others around them. The new technology would probably be very expensive and difficult to implament and gain the permission from parents and school officials who may be confused about it. Many schools are struggling with money and financial issues and there are far more important things to do and invest on rather than spending money on technology that may not even work 100% and only add on to problems.

Can we actually "calculate" emotions like math or something? How can computers recognize facial movements humans use to express how we feel? Each human has their own smile and their own unique way of showing their emotions. How can a computer that doesn't have its own intelligence or will discern how a human actually feels? Humans can simply look at someone and tell how they are feeling on the surface but humans also hide things deep within their mind. Most people who trully hold someone dere and care about them can tell when a person is hiding something through more than just facial expressions and facial movements. They can tell how a person feels by the way they are speaking and the way they move their body or thourgh physical changes throughout their body.

I think its nearly impossible for computers to access how a person feels at a moment, whether in class or physicalogical treatment. I believe that only humans and close companions can truly discern how a person is trully feeling, there's just something thats unique to certain people that people around them can feel. A certain atmosphere that people carry and only people close to them can truly understand. Not even specifically trained people can 100% judge how a person is feeling so how could a computer thats not living do it?