Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Many believe sitting in a classroom is better for students education, but others believe it more reliable for online or video conferencing. Distance learning won't give you the same benefit as sitting in a classroom. Its more reliable to sit in classroom because if not you could fail, system can shut down, and you'll be getting more physical help in a classroom.

Many like distance learning because it's more flexible, but because it's really flexible a lot of people have a higher chance at failing then passing. Imagine, a lot of people don't like waking up at six in the morning to get ready for school, so what would you expect from a student who stays home. He/she could wake up late and still miss there class which means they're missing the material and education they need. Others irresponsible students will forget about the class and they won't care on doing the work. They will have the mindset of "it's online, i can finish it later". Many student fail to do there work because of laziness and for being irresponsible. Especially, if the weather is nice outside many students tend to make plans and won't have the same attention towards school like before. In the other hand, if the weather nice outside and students go to school , sit in a classroom, in the afternoon they wll be able to enjoy the weather and get there work done..

Numerous of computer's systems shut down because of many different reason. If this were to happen to a distance learning student, they wouldnt be able to log in. Some systems take hours, day, and maybe even weeks to get fixed. Other computers have trouble accessing internet. Without any internet, no student will be able to do any online class or video conferencing. Another problem with computers are, that the power goes out. If you computer or any cellular device is not charged where would you be able to plug it in? How would you get your classes done? How would you turn the things you need in on time? These are a few question people dont stop and think about. Therefore, because of these troubleshooting problems it best to go in to a classroom.

All students have many different learning skills. Some prefer physical help instead of visual learning. Learning the material physically is way more reliable to learn easier and faster. Physical learning can help people get there work done faster, easier, and not get distracted by other things around them. Students can be more focused on their work and get it done on time. Others say the environment in which there in doesn't matter as long as there focued , but to other people it does matter. While students are at home they can easily get distracted and forget they have work that needs to be done. this will cuase many students to fail and would have to retake the course.

.