Have you ever needed good advice? Just ask a lot of different people for good advice. If you're going to pick something out, a lot of opinions will help.

you might make a bad choice without asking for advice, you don't want to make the wrong choice either, you can also add on to someones advice they gave you to get a better outcome, getting a lot of advice will also make you more confident.

You want to get a lot opinions and advice to make the best choice. Let's say you want to get a big smart dog breed but you only ask one person for advice on your choice. You might get a good or bad answer. They could think a certain dog breed is good, but turns out it's just, not what you wanted. But if you asked multiple people you'll have a better outcome. A lot of people will probably mention same dogs, like a German Sheppard or Great Dane. There is an upside to only asking on person for advice though. It's faster, asking only one person or no one is easier but the outcome won't be as good. If you asked a lot of people instead, the outcome will be much better.

Getting a lot of different advice is good because you don't have to just use one persons advice you could use multiple. You could be going on a vacation and not knowing any good places to go, or places in a city you could going to. If you have an idea where you want to go like somewhere sunny, warm, cold etc. if you ask multiple people, they'll probably know a few places. Same with if you ask one person, but you're only hearing it from one person, it doesn't give you a lot of places to go. When you ask a lot of people some will probably be more specific and say good restaurants and other places or activities you could try. Then you'll have your full plan with a whole bunch of different places you could go and enjoy.

Lots of advice can make you more confident. Maybe you're trying something new, like a new sport. One person could leave some things out, but if you ask multiple people, another person could say something one person left out. People could give you advice on what equipment to buy, or if there's a certain type or size of ball you need to buy for your age group. If you ask multiple people, at least one will help you practice and teach you the basics. Then when you go to the actual practice you'll be ahead of your teammates or ahead of the new ones. This would help a lot of people because people usually nervous to start something they've never done before. People might think you're really bad and not don't anything about what you're doing. People might yell at you and I don't know someone who likes being yelled at.

In the end it's your choice if you want a lot, a little, or no advice. I suggest you should get the most advice you can get. There are so many reasons for getting advice, It makes you more confident, and you have an idea in what you want to do. You know you're going to make a good choice and you can create your own plan with other people's advice.