For the schools offering distance learning, you rock! As a high school student sometimes it is hard to complete a class in school, and I like the idea of having the opportunity to take one from home. I feel many other students would too. In my opinion, I feel like students would benefit greatly from distance learning because, students grades will improve drastically in a shorter amount of time, students could feel more comfortable and will be able to get more work done, and schools could save more money over the long run.

First, students grades will improve since they can do more from home. If a student is unable to get their work they will not be able to do it on time or sometimes they would just decide to not communicate with their teacher when they return to gather any makeup work. With this option they can always have their classwork and or homework readily available. By having it readily available they can get it done a lot sooner. Being able to get your work done on time instead of having a bunch of makeup work is also a rewarding feeling. Distance learning can have students not rushing to make up their work in the class offering it.

Second, students could benefit from this by feeling more comfortable while doing work from home. Many students have anxiety and do not like being in the school environment. With this option, they will be a lot more relaxed. In my personal experience I get more work done from working at home in the same amount of time it does for me to be in class. Plus, if students don't have to show up to every class in school then they will just be more productive overall.

Last, schools would definitely end up saving more money in the long run. It cost a lot to buy the basics every student needs. Don't get me wrong having to pay for this equipment would be pricey, but after buying the equipment eventually schools will begin to save a more money. The more we transition to online school the more we save on things such as; paper, pencils, desks, etc. And I also think that a teachers salary should go up with the increase of money being saved.

Now I'm not saying this should completely take over every class because some classes should still remain in the school, such as, gym and other more hands-on classes. But, several classes need should defiantly have this option. Because if every class had this option there would be no point in having a physical school built or used. Plus, it is hard to have hands-on assignments done from home done. And this could also go down-hill for students who don't use their time wisely because with this extra time who knows what they will end up doing, but I feel like majority of students do use it wisely and want to be able to succeed in life.

In conclusion, I feel like students would benefit greatly from this because, they will be able to improve and keep their grades up, they will feel more comfortable and can get more work done, and overall schools would just save more money after a while. So, all schools should offer distance learning! It, to me, is a great form of learning and many students will highly appreciate having this as an option. 