Dear,state senator i think that we should change to the popular vote because everyone might like that presdent because he promises a lot of changes for us. With the electoral college it does not go down that way the people of the state dont get for the president the electors do and it is sectiond by them to. Under the electoral college voters dont vote for the persident they vote for a state of electors.

I think we should change to the most popular vote because the people dint have any say if we keep the electoral college. The people dont even get to vote with the electoral college they just vote for electors who then vote for the president. Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the one we have now because they dont even have a say in what they think who should be the president the vote for other people to do that for them. With the electorla college our state only gets a certine number of electros if we change to the popular vote everyone in our state can vote not just a certine number of people. When it comes to vote we vote for members in congress to do the voting for us.

I think we should change to the most popular vote. Under the electoral college voters don't vote for the president but vote for a state for electors. If you were in texes and wanted to vote for john kerry you would be voting for 34 Democratic electors pledge to kerry. On the off chance if kerry won the state wide vote the 34 Democratic electors would go to congress and kerry would get 34 electoral votes now that is a little riduculos. Sometimes voters get confused about the electors and chose the wrong one.

There are some up sides to keeping the elctoral college. There is almost allways a certine out come for a winner. With the electoral college everyone votes not just a region. With the electoral college who ever has the most votes in that state wins that state. With the electoral college it helps find a winner in close electoral states. The electoral college avoids problems in which no candidate receives a majority votes cast. I still think we should still change.

I think we should change because not eveyone votes. With the electoral college you don't even get to vote for the president but only vote for a state of electors who then votes for the president. I think we should change because i dont like the idea that we dont even get a say who our president is only electors vote for the president. I think we should change because if some one wins the state wide election they get all the electoral votes for example if there are 34 democratic electors and some one wins the state wide election they get 34 electoral votes. When it comes time to vote i think that everyone should have a say dont you.                                                                                            