There are different types of cars, small cars, big ones, different colors, etc. In general, we can say that cars have changed the world but, in what way? Well, people say that cars has been very useful to us all, but in reallity it has been harmful to not only us but the earth aswell. In many countries they are banning the usege of the cars because of so much pollution. Studies show that in Europe "passenger cars are responsable for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions" and to make matters worse, it is "up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." This shows how much cars have been harming the earth by increasing the greenhouse gases.

On the other hand, some people have been getting rid of their cars because their country charges them fees for having a car and for parking aswell. Other places where pollution is at the top like Paris, have banned car usage on certain days for people and if they fail to not us their cars they will have to pay a fine. All of this, causes tension and stress as a matter of fact, a woman once said "when I had a car I was always tense, I'm much happier this way." Limiting or not using at all your car can free you from tension and stress, also reducing pollution which will help your health.

Furthermore, studies show that in the United States people are buying less cars than before and less people are retaining their drivers license. This is something good because one of "President Obama's goals is to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions." This shows how many people are trying very hard to reduce car usage which will reduce pollution. Even young people who are considered rebels of the streets are taking this into consideration because studies "found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009.." People are aware of the changes that are going on like what a professor said "different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a long term cultural shift." Reducing or limiting car usage or not using cars at all will not only help you, it will help your neighbors, your family, and most important the earth, where we live in. Take it for granted that this will change the world once again.                                          