The idea of online school sounds like a dream to any student in the world. When students hear about online school they think you only do a little bit of school work and that you get to do other things that doesnt involve school. In reality, online school is suppose to be the same thing as going to school but your not physically at school, instead you are learning on a computer. I think the option for students to attend classes online from home would not be beneficial to students. Doing online school at home can be very distracting and this doesn't give students the experience of social interaction with other students.

First reason why I dont think online school would benefit students is that homes aren't a place where students can focus. When students at a young age are home they aren't as focused like they are in school. There are electronics in homes that can be a huge distraction to students. For example, televisions, phones, and even video games can all be things that keep students from focusing on their school work. When students are home and not doing anything, they will use their electronic devices as a source of entertainment. Electronics can also lead to cheating, if students use their phones they could easily look up the answers online. This keeps them from learning their school material and not develop the skills they need for that class. Another distraction at home that can keep students from focusing on their school work is their parents. Say if a student has a stay at home parent or a parent that works from home then their parents could get in the way of their school work. The parents of these students taking the online school could help them with their classwork or even homework. Sometimes parents think helping your child out is giving them the answers and having them not do any of the work. This doesn't allow students to learn about the classwork their teacher is giving them and letting them take the easy way out of doing it.

Second reason why I disagree with online school is that this can isolate students which also doesn't benefit them. When you take an online school, the whole idea is that you arent going to a school building and sitting in a classroom with other students. I think this isn't okay because this can make young students not develop the skills of talking to others. Talking to people is what we do everyday, schools actually help you with this considering you are in a building full of people who aren't related to you and who you don't know. If students take online school classes then they won't be able to learn how to make friends or how to ask questions when needing help. This can lead to students becoming socially awkward with others or not know how to fit in with a group of students their age.

Now on the other hand other people might agree with the idea of online school for students. They would say how it would benefit students who have any social anxieties or anything that involves them not being able to go to school. One example why online school can benefit students is that it can be very helpful to students who have social anxieties. Social anxieties can be hard to deal with when the student who has it is in a new environment surrounded by people they don't know. If there was a student who deals with social anxiety problems then online school would be the better choice for them. They can take their classes at home and not have any problems that would get in the way of their learning. Students who can't come to school for any reason is another example of why online school could benefit students. Some students might travel with their family three weeks to a month and won't be able to attend school. Thats why online school is perfect for them considering they don't have to be in a classroom and can do it online wherever they are. Other students also might not be able to attend school because they want to pursue in an activity or a job that doesn't allow them to go to school. For example, dance academy is really big for ballerinas and dancers who want to pursue in that field. If a student wants to go to dance academy, most of the time their academy will have them dance all day. As a result to that, it leads students not be able to attend school and only have them focus on dance. This is why online school could benefit students who aren't able to physically go to school.

In summary, students would not get more benefits from taking online classes since they can lead to no interaction with others and will be hard for students to stay focus on their work if they aren't in an environment where they can focus. Online school is only good for students who actually need it, going to school is a lot better than taking it online. When you go to school it gives you more opportunities to get help and you get to be surrounded by other students who can also help you. 