Dear Rick Scott,

Every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday of November, the Electoral College casts their votes to elect the new President of the United States of America. These voters are chosen by the citizens of their state (Florida, Texas, etc.) to vote in their favor of their preferred party. For example, a Democratic voter in California will vote for Democratic Electoral College canidates to vote for their preferred President. Though many people are apposed to this method of voting, calling it an anachronism & taking away the vote from the citizens of the United States, American citizen's votes still count, the Electoral College can avoid problems popular voting could result in, and the Electoral College listens to those with the initiative and right to make a smart vote. For these reasons I would like to keep the Electoral College.

The Founding Fathers established the Electoral College as a compromise between election of the President by a vote of Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens, meaning one vote almost relies on the other. A common misconception made by citizens is that when they vote they vote for a President, when in fact they are voting for people to vote in their favor for the President. So the more Republican Electoral College voters your state has, most likely the end vote will be the electoral votes go to the Republican canidate. Many people say that the electoral college "takes away the votes of the citizens, and that their vote doesn't matter" when in reality, they matter in every way possible. If the citizens do not vote, who will vote for the electoral college members? And without the citizens to decide who the memebers of the Electoral College will be, who will be in the Electoral College all together?

Not only do the Citizen's votes count, but the Electoral College can help solve the problems that a popular voting system could have. The Electoral College votes with the majority of the state, meaning that the party with the highest request for its Presidency, the Electoral College will cast its votes towards. Meaning a highly Democratic state can count on their state's vote to most likely be for the Democratic candidate. The Electoral College also avoids run-off elections. This means that the election will always show a clear winner for the state's vote. There is a lot of potential pressure for a run-off election when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cats; that pressure could greatly affect the Presidential election process, which the Electoral College reudces, ultimatley showing a clear winner.

And finally, the Electoral College listens to smart and eligible voters. Very rarely does a State's Electoral College vote against the wishes of their citizens. In fact that would be the exact opposite of their job. It's also an inetible fact that not every voter is an ideal voter. Many citizens do not keep themselves up to date on the issues candidates plan to solve, occupation backgrounds, or even their personality. Many voters in fact vote on astetics, which is ultimatley the most dangerous voter there is; an uner educated one.

So Mr. Scott, I hope you take into account that an in terms of an electoral college, an American citizen's vote does count, they avoid the problems popular votes could create, and they do listen to their state's smart, eligable voters. If the Founding Fathers created this tool for the balance in our voting system, then balance there shall be.             