Dear State Senator,

The Electoral College should be kept despite it's lack of giving people a chance to speak up. Although, the Electoral College is a "non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who recieves the most popular votes the winner.. it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. When you vote for a presidential canidate you're actually voting for a state of electors." Yes this may be true but, have you thought that they created the Electoral College to help citizens live better? What if, someone with no education comes to vote and chooses someone who wants to take away government funds away from school's? Wouldn't that affect us? In other words, you want to ruin school's life by taking away funds and it doesn't really have to be school it can be anything just beacuse, you had no idea who you were voting for? The Electoral College does allow us to vote, but they make sure we aren't choosing someone who can affect the United States drasticly.

"The Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potiential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state, knowing that their vote will have no effect but of course no voter's vote swings a national election, and voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election."(Source 3) Brings me back to one of my claims, yeah you do want to vote, but what if you don't have no education but you want to vote just for the hell of it? Without the Elecoral College your vote will count, as well as others and the group of senators won't be there to make sure you don't choose whomever and make a horrible decision. Although the Electoral College makes it seem like your vote won't count believe it or not, the Electoral College atually makes the most suitable decison for us, the people. Without the Electoral College, we'd have probably different world.. meaning they fix our choices dumb or not, they come together and they choose what's best for us whether we,the people have an effect on it or not.

Despite the fact, our voice may not be heard as loudly as the state of electors, we still have an impact, and without the Electoral College it may be a drastic impact. The Electoral College should be kept, and not changed into the most popular vote wins. You don't just vote once and hallieluja, there is a process and that's where the Electoral Colleg takes hand and make sure we choose someone mosly suitable. The Electoral College should be kept, it is very helpful despite it's cons...

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME

SCHOOL_NAME                                    