When you ask for advice, who and how many people do you go to? Is that one person bias or generally cares for you. Is one person more reliable than another. Seeking for advice from more than one person is much better for you than asking on person. If you were to compare asking one person or asking multiple people, there would be a lot more benefits to asking more people for advice instead of one.

Asking multiple people can help you make more sense of your problem or issue. Asking more than one person for advice can make your decision or solution less bias. You can go to another person for advice and talk about another person's response. This new person can say their thoughts on someone else's. This can help you get a clearer picture on you issue. There are many more opinions when you ask multiple people as well. Asking multiple people is like collecting data in an experiment. When you collect more data, you answer to you hypothesis is more clear. When you collect more advice, it gives you a more definite conclusion and answers you issue and/or question. Asking multiple people for advice can also make you feel like you are not pressured to make one choice. This is because there are more people to ask advice from.

If you were ask one person for advice, that one person can bring you down and make you feel like you have to go with their advice. No one should feel this pressure. By having this pressure, you can feel worse about your situation than you did before you asked for advice. Asking advice should help you and help you move in the right direction for you and only you. That one person that you ask advice form may not even like or care for you like some of your other friends do. When you ask that person for advice, they may lead you in the wrong direction or not see what the best option for you is. Asking one person means less advice and more of a chance of getting negative advice.

If you were to be bullied at school, would you go to one person or go to multiple sources for help. If you were to ask one person, they may tell you good or bad advice. They may say to beat the bully. This can pressure you to do what that one person said because that is the only person you turn to. If you were to ask multiple people, one may say that you should go punch the bully. Another may say to go to the dean for help. Another person may say that you should go to your parents and so on. When you compare the responses of your friends and trusted adults, you see that two people want you to do the right thing while the other person doesn't. People have different opinions and advice. How you take that advice and use it is up to you. By asking more people for advice, you can be more secure and certain of your choice than asking one person. In this certain instance, you would most likely go with the people who said to go to a trusted adult because they both said it along those lines.

Asking more than one person for advice can make you feel better about yourself and your decission. Asking one person can make youi feel traped with only one way out. Asking more than one person will most deffinatly help you make a better choice than if you were to ask one person. Advice is important to everybody. It helps you determain what choices you make. Getiing bad advice can be harmful especially when it involves multiple people and people that you care about.

Asking more people mans that there is less bias and more chances for you to make your own choice with lots of backround knowledge to support it. When you next need advice, what will you do? Will you ask one person or ask multiple people for advice the next time that you need it? 