Is there really life on Mars? This question was asked by millions in 1976. A face was detected by Viking 1, a spacecraft, when it was gathering pictures and information for another landing spot on Cydonia. But is this really an alien? After NASA has collected other information and pictures, it is certain that the Face is just a natural landform.

The Face is a mesa, which is a common land feature on Mars. "Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh (p.2)." The shadows and poor camera quality had made the mesa look like a face. "Although few scientists believed the Face was an alien artifact, photographing Cydonia became a priority for NASA...(p.6)" Though, most scientists didn't believe that it was really an alien artifact they still were going to prove that it wasn't an alien artifact. Photographing Cydonia became a new priotity.

When scientists went back to get more pictures they still found the same answer, only more certain. It is not an alien artifact. The pictures they captured only make it more clear that it isn't. "And so on April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the firts time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos (p.7)." After, the new picture was taken, not all were satisfied. So, NASA went back out to Cydonia to capture another shot. This time, each pixel captured 1.56 meters, which is very detailed. There is no way the picture could have been misinterpretted. The Face is just a natural landform.

Opposers say that this information is bona fide evidence. "Some people think that the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars-evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. "These people think that NASA is just trying to hide it from them. This is not true. "Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars (p. 5)." If NASA hopes to find life on other planets, why would they hide it? "But not everyone was satified (p.8)." NASA has went back to Cydonia three different times, and the thought that it is just a mesa has gotten more certain each time. The "ten times sharper" camera proves that is just a natural landform. Some may say that NASA is not trying hard enough to figure it out. "We don't just pass over the Face very often (p.9)" "In fact, it's hard work (p.9)." As you can tell, targeting Cydonia is not very easy, and NASA still got three shots just to prove them wrong.

The Face is just a natural landform. It is not an alien artifact, and if you don't believe me by now you aren't using logic. NASA worked hard to get the three pictures that reveal the Face. It is a mesa, which is common around Cydonia. Any landform can have shadows that look like a face, this one just happened to be on Mars, where we are looking for life. 