When you are looking up at the stars and planets at night, do you ever wander what is going on up there. Well what if I said that there was a chance to go visit the planet Venus. Yes, there is many dangers on Venus, but there is so much to explore too; like how Venus is the most like Earth when it comes to shape and size, the gases and temperture, and the curious of how Venus looks like now.

When you think of Venus, what do you think of? Do you think of the heat or the size? Well, when scienetist think of Venus they "[often] referred to as Earth's "twin", Venus is the cloese planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closet in distance too". So, becasue of how close it looks in shape and size, you have to have though in your mind of, what else does it have in common.

When you think of dangerous gases and temperture, what this the things that you think of? Do you think of hot summer day or the gases in the air? Well, on Venus "[a] thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuris acid in Venus's atmoshpere. In the planet's surface, tempertures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheris pressure is 90 times greater than we experience on our own planet". Eventhough, it could be life theathing, there are scientist that want to do test and collect gases and ect to do studies. They want to do studies because they want to learn some much more about Venus.

When you think of how Venus looks like, do you think of craters and the sign of no life? Well, you be somewhat correct because it has a rocky surface, and it looks like valleys, mountain and craters. Although "[long] ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth". Since, there was a possible that there was life forms and etc, scientist want to see if there was some kind of life living up there, but then got exstinted or somethings else happened to them.

So, to rap this all up, scientist know the danger of explore Venus, but sometime you have to do thing that are danger to learn new things. People alway talk about wanting to explore different planets, but they never do it. Yes, there are going to be opsolcules in the way, and there are going to be dangerous things we have do to go there, but it will be worth it in end. Nevertheless, there was forms of life on Venus in the past, why not have life on Venus again.       