Have you ever been in a sticky situation, and needed some strong advice? I assume you went and talked to more than one trusted person. If you didn't I'll tell you why you should have. When seeking for advice you should talk to more than one person because, there will be a variety of opinions, you can learn from many individuals' mistakes, and the people giving advice can share many experiences, not just one.

When many people are asked to give advice, there will be a variety of opinions. That means everyone will have a different point of view on the issue or situation. The multiple opinions makes it better for you to receive advice. One individual's standpoint is bias, because they only believe in one thing. On the other hand, many individuals' standpoint isn't bias, the reason being : everyone thinks different.

People are human, they make mistakes and errors, but we wouldn't be able to learn and grow without them. Just learning from your own mistakes is helpful, but imagine learning from multiple people and their mistakes. You might not even realize how learning from the mistakes of people is such a habit. For example if you're walking on the street and see someone trip on a pothole, you obviously are going to know not to trip on the pothole. Another example for instance is if you know someone that made friends with an unkind person, most likely you would stay away from that person. Just think about how you could avoid making a ton of mistakes by listening to others and their accidents.

If you seek advice from a person, they are probably wiser and more experienced. It's common sense why you get advice from someone older, wiser, more experienced, or smarter than you. A five year old most likely couldn't give outstanding advice to a twenty year old. One wise statement of advice could get someone far, but multiple wise statements from many people is much better.

The final verdict is that it is much better to seek advice from many people, compared to only one or just yourself. You will have a variety of options and opinions, you can learn from many individuals' mistakes, and you can get advice from people with different experiences. So next time you're stuck in a sticky situation and you don't know what to do, think about getting advice from multiple people.                  