Will vehicles be gone in the near future? Many movements have started due to cars polluting the air and melting the polar ice caps. For one, a community has been built where cars are not allowed, and a car-free movement started in Bogata, Columbia three years ago that banned vehicles other than buses and taxes. Also, due to deisel cars polluting the air that made Paris be on par with China's pollution, they ended up banning cars for some time.

"Since World War II, all of our development has been centered on the car," said David Goldberg, an official of transportation for America. The Environmental Protection Agency of the United States is promoting "car reduced" communities. Many hope that public transport serving suburbs play a much larger role in a new six-year federal transportation bill to be approved this year. 80 percent of appropriations have by law only gone to highways and 20 percent to other transport. Vauban, which was completed in 2006, is one example that seperates suburban life from auto use. As a result of 40,000 dollars being needed to buy a space for a car along with a home, 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars. Vauban, with a population of over 5,000 residents, might be the most advanced low-car suburban life experiment.

Bogota, Columbia has started with a car-free day which is spinning into a big hit. Millions of Columbians either hiked, biked, skated or took buses to get to their destinations during the car-free day. For three straight years, in the capital city of Bogata, 7 million people were able to get to their destinations without the use of cars. As said by one of the residents of Bogota, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and air pollution". 118 miles of bicycle paths have been made due to the improvement campaign that was created in the mid-1990s. Many parks and sportss centers have also bloomed throughout the city due to the campaign and ban on vehicles.

Due to all the congestion and pollution, Paris ended up issuing a partial driving ban to clear the air of pollution. In the following days, motorists with either even or odd numbered plates were either forced to leave their cars at home or pay a fine of 31 dollars. Due to the fact that France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline, they were blamed for the pollution in the air. 67 percent of vehicles in france are diesel vehicles. After 5 days congestion was down about 60 percent which rivaled the pollution was in Beijing, China which is know as one of the most hugely polluted cities in the world. Due to Paris putting a temporary ban on cars, they had complains about companies losing revenue. When the pollution in the air started to clear up enough, the ban on cars was lifted.

In conclusion, cars might end up being banned in multiple places around the globe to help with pollution. According to experts, it is said that there has recently been a large drop in the usage of cars and it will continue to drop. Demographic shifts suggests that there has been a large decline in the percentage of 16 to 39 year olds getting licenses to drive vehicles. A study last year has also showed that driving by young people has declined 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. Many studys have showed that the decline in people getting licenses and driving will continue to reduce rapidly.    