What would the world sound like without the constant humming of motors everytime you walked outside? It would sound pretty strange, right? Well, people from around the world have already restricted car use, and they love it. Some areas restrict car usage because of pollution, some just because they find that while driving a car you're stressed. Others don't restrict car use, but the people choose not to drive for their own reasons.

In one source,

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

, it said that passenger cars are responsible for 50 percent of greenhouse gases in some car intensive areas in the United States. In the United States, cars are the second leading pollutor, right behind power plants. In 2014, Paris had enforced a partial driving ban, according to the artical

Paris bans driving due to smog

. The partial driving ban consists of having motorists with even numbered plates keep their cars at home, then having the odd numbered plates to the same the next day. Diesels had made up 67 percent of vehicles in France compared to a 53.3 percent average in Wester-Europe. Most all of these people who stopped driving were happy, some even sold their cars to move to Vauban, Germany.

"When I had a car, I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter in

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

. Most people when driving a car are usually stressed because they're worried about hitting a pedesrtian or hitting another car on the road. Bogota, Colombia, according to

Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota

, has a Day Without Cars and it has already spread to two other cities, Cali and Valledupar. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza while riding a two-seat bike with his wife. Most people participate, and the rain doesn't stop them. Parks and sports centers also have been getting business, aswell as the sidewalks being replaced with new and smooth ones. As a result, new businesses have popped up.

In

The End of Car Culture

, it says that in recent studies, it suggests that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. Also, another study found that driving by younger people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. Some of the reasons of this sudden drop is because of unemployment and money issues, but Mimi Sheller, a sociology professor at Drexel University and director of its Mobilities Research, has said that some factors is that of the Internet. The Internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without having to meet up with friends. Since the peak in miles in 2005, the average number of miles driven per person has dropped just below 9 percent under the peak, the same to where it was in January 1995. Most find use in the public transportation to get around.

In the end, driving is progressivly losing its need to get from one place to another. Pollution is being delt with by restricting car use, and people are much happier with using public transport and not having to drive so often. Maybe someday soon the dream of the absence of the humming of motors and car-filled streets will become a reality.    