In our world today many people use motor vehicles to get to their destionation. We dont walk anymore we just get in our cars and go. What most people dont see is how it can cause damage to the people and the environment. Cars can be used for good and bad situations in our economy. Their are many advantages and disadvanteges to limiting vehicle usage.

Limiting car usage could benefit people in many ways. The Vauban suburban community lives without therir cars and only use them when nessesary or if they have the permit to use them. A mother, Heidrun Walter says, "When i had a car i was allways tense. I'm muchhappier this way." she was happy with the way her life was going without a vehicle it wasnt as stressful to her. In "German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars", it says "Having less vehicles made the suburbs more accessible to public transportation" this makes everything they build walking distance and everything is closer together, they dont have to use major highways so they can get to a store. It also says, "many suburbs are starting to resemble Vauban, closer together and have less car owners in the developing world" this kind of example is leading the world to use less vehicles which would mean less pollutions. Another advantage of limiting car usage would be more people are getiing together and having more social ineractions. In the exerpt from "Paris bans driving due to smog" it says, "The congestion was down 60 percent in the capitol of France." this means the roads weren't as backed up and busy. Their is beginning to be a change in the world as less people use their automotives. When Bogota, Columbia did the Day Without Cars the people would walk where they need to get or rode their bicycle. Carlos Arturo Plaza rode his bicycle and said "Its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." people like being able to help their economy. In "The End of Car Culture" it says, "it will have beneficial implications for carbon emmisions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions" which means the economy will be in a better place.

Their is also disadvatages of why limiting car usage could be bad for the world. If they're not able to use their car to get to their job or get grocerys how can people be okay? They are getting fined to do what is need for them to survive. "Delivery companies complained of lost revenue" it says in "Paris bans driving in the smog". Delivery trucks cant do their job if they know they will be fined for being out on the roads without it being their designated day. "American's are buying less cars and young adults arent getting their liscense as quick" says, "the End of Car Culture". Which means more vehicle industrys are getting less buyers and are having to come up with a "broader product".

Clearly the world is better off with limited car uasge. It's better for the economy, better for the people, and the environment. They're are more resources for agood reason to cut down on our worlds car usage but their is also the few disadvantages as to why it could be bad.    