Everyone loves summer! Drinking ice cold lemonade while laying in the sizzling hot sun and enjoying the warm wind blowing. Children love playing outside an enjoying their vacation time with their friends and family, away from school and stress. While some school find it beneficial to have students continue learning even over break. Thats why student-designed summer projects are perfect! In fact, they are more beneficial then teacher- designed summer projects because the students are more interested, they are willing to do it on their own, and it helps the community grow.

Students having to do student-designed summer projects gets students more excited than having to do something that is forced. Students mostly like to do things that interests them and things that gets them excited to have fun and relax at the same time. For example, some students might like to do projects that involves being outside while others might enjoy projects where they can stay inside and can relax while working. With teacher-designed projects, the students are limited to do things they find amusing. Students are likely to do better when they are with their friends and are having fun. For example, students prefer group projects rather than individual projects because when they are working in a group they entire workload isn't on them.

Students are willing to do things, that they find amusing, on their own. You won't see someone doing something they don't enjoy unless they are forced to. Summer projects are like subjects in school, some students are great at math but that doesn't mean they enjoy math. Summer projects are meant to help keep students on track but also enjoy their summer time with fun things. Many students, especially high school students, like to get summer jobs to earn some money before leaving for college. Some students like to work outside in the heat as a lifeguard while others like to work as a cashier in a fast food restaurant. No one is the same, everyone has their own interest and willingness to do things. Like that, some students might like working on summer projects that involves music but others might like projects that involves arts. Everyone has their own ways and choice of doing things.

Lastly, student-designed projects helps the society grow. All these projects and programs help students decide what they really want to do in the future. Even though something might interest them right now, might be boring in the future. Students also learn many beneficial things from these projects, it can really help them grow and change into a better person. Some of these programs can even lead to future careers and jobs. For example, many students that do coding projects want to pursue computer science as their career while other students wanting to do art projects want to pursue theater as their career.

Even though many may say that teacher-designed projects are more beneficial, it is not entirely true. teachers don't know their students interest as well as the students know themselves. Some students might be excellent at one subject but that doesn't mean that the subject interests them. Therefore, student-designed projects are much more beneficial them teacher designed projects and it interests the students more. Summer projects are meant to help students stay on track by learning but its also meant to be fun and amusing! 