Student should be able to work from home? I personally think they should. Many kids like to be in a different learning environment from other students. Sometimes its hard for students to focus when theres a lot of people in one classroom. Working from home could probably benefit many students.

There are many kids that like to be home while doing their school work to be in their own comfort. Student may even like the help their parents provide more than their teachers. Many schools have illness and safety issues going around and some parents may want they children to be at home. There could be many reasons to be home schooled. Every student is different and needs different ways to learn.

All teachers usually have a large class. Some students may need that extra attention from their teacher when it comes to learning. It sometimes takes a lot for people to learn individually. When there is only one teacher in a big class, it could be somewhat hard to tend to one student because others are going to need help also. Working from home could come in place of that when you have the extra assistance at home.

The way technology is set up today, It could be really convient to work on a computer. Being that children are so attached to electronics nowadays it would be so much easier to do their work. I personally like working off of a computer. When I have to do work at home, I usually prefer it to be done on a computer. Its much easier to get work done from home and on technology.

online working could be a good source for many students. Its really a good decision to make for children that cant work in school. Students dont really get their work done in school because of their surroundings such as other students. I would recommend homeschooling for anyone that cant focus on their work. This could be a great opportunity for many students. This decision could improve grades, ability to work and the ability to concentrate.                                                                                                 