Extracurricular activities can give you many benefits, it can also be very fun and interesting. The principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. There are many options to choose from including sports, work on the yearbook, or serving in the student council. I think that extracurricular activities can benefit you because you can develop important skills for your life, you can also get more physically fit, lastly, you can spend more time with your friends.

One of the benefits that you can get from participating in extracurricular activities is that you can develop important life skills for the future. This means that you can nurture skills including leadership, public speaking, and many more! For example, if you join the student council, then you can develop leadership because you are the one making some of the school's decisions. You can also get much better at public speaking, if you join a student council, because if you want to present your ideas to change and benefit the school, then you need to be speaking to administrators and faculty of the school. These skills are very important in the future because companies will be searching for people with good leadership and public speaking. Anyone can have good grades and go to good colleges, but they might not have those skills that are so important, but if you have those skills, then the companies will more likely select you over the people with just good grades. Also, if you join a sports team, then you can develop better teamwork which is also a very crucial skill for future job opportunities. Participating in extracurricular activities can help you develop very important skills, that can benefit you in many ways in the future with important things such as jobs and colleges.

Another benefit that extracurricular activities bring is that you can get more athletically fit because there are sports teams that you can join. Sometimes, you get lazy and don't feel like exercising, but if you have a commitment for a sports team, then you always get exercise in. There are many good things that come from being more physically fit, for example you can live longer because you are more healthy. You can also prevent obesity, if you are more physically active. If you are fit, you're going to feel more alive. Finally, you can develop a new hobby, that you enjoy to do. If you join extracurricular activities, then you can be more physically fit, while having many good effects, like feeling more alive and preventing obesity.

Lastly, another great thing that can come from extracurricular activities is spending more time with your friends. If you and your friends join a sports team, you and your friends can get exercise, while spending time with each other. Also, you can do homework together with your friends, so if you need help, then your friends can help you out. Pretty good right? If you join a extracurricular activity, then you would have more time to hangout with your friends, while being benefited by either doing homework, playing a sport together, or even joining the student council.

Some people may think that extracurricular activities are just a waste of time, or that it wouldn't benefit them in any way. They also might think that it would be just like school. Also, now that the principal made extracurricular activities mandatory, those people would be upset, but they just don't see the many benefits that you would get. I think that extracurricular activities can benefit you because you can develop important life skills for the future, you also get more physically fit, lastly, you can spend more time with your friends.