Imagine you are riding in a driverless car and you see a bright red car heading toward you. Would you panic? Or would you go on as if nothing was going to happen? Imagine having very little control of your car when it crashes into the red car that was coming towards you. Imagine finding out that you had just killed two precious, little babies lives because your driverless car lost control. These are the things that you have to think about when it comes to driverless cars. I believe that diverless cars are not completely safe. I think they should be illegal for many reasons.

Vehicles have mechanical problems all the time. You will be driving down the road and your breaks will go out, or your steering wheel will lock up. These things are hard enough to control when the driver is in control of the car, let alone if the driver was not fully in control. In section seven, it says that the driverless cars are able to steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. What happens when you are riding along and something goes completely wrong and you end up crashing into the car that was heading your way? Driverless cars would only exacerbate the mechanical problems cars have today. In section nine it says that if the car fails, and someone is injured, who is responsible? The driver or the manufacturer?

Safety is a big issue when it comes to driving. One of the main issues is texting and driving. If you are the designated "driver" in a driverless car, you would be even more tempted to get on your phone. I believe that this is not safe at all. If you are in the drivers seat, you need to be paying attention to the road at all times, even in a driverless car. In section eight in the passage, it says that some maufacturers hope to bring in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. I think that having these ammentities in the car are very unsafe. Even though the cars have been tested and have been driven more than a half a million miles without crashing according to section two, there are still possibilities for mishaps and crashes. Because of this, section nine says that in most states it is illegal to even test computer driven cars.

Safety is not the only issue when it comes to driverless cars. Owning a driverless car would be extremely expensive. As I said earlier, mechanical failuers happen all the time in cars today. The cost to fix your car when something happens is already expenxive. If you were to own a driverless car and something happened to fail, the cost would most likely be exorbitant. Driverless cars have so many features and sensors. In section four, it says that there are sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera near the rearview mirror, four automative radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor. If one of these sensors were to go bad or to break, it would be costly to fix them.

Overall, I thik that driverless cars should not be legal. They put too many things and people at risk. Even though they have been tested and proven to be safe, there are still many things that could go wrong. In section seven, it says that they are able to steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. If you believe these things to be true and you get in the car without a care in the world, you will not be filled with much exhilaration when something goes wrong. The issue of driverless cars and safety is a big problem to me. When you are in a car that you do not have to pay attention to the road very much, you could be doing whatever you wanted. Even if you were paying attention to the road and your surroundings, you never know what other drivers are doing. Not being in control of the car can be very dangerous no matter what situation you are in. 