Dear [State Senator],

While I understand that the Electoral College has worked sufficiently up until this point, it may not always work well enough to keep America sustained for the rest of its lifetime. The electoral college is unneccesarily complicated and the more steps you take heightens the chance of error. I acknowledge the fact that discrepencies in the current voting system are highly unlikely, but they have happened before and who says they won't happen again? I don't know why voting has to jump through so many hoops to make it count. It's indirect and the votes could be messed up at numerous different points. The Electoral College is an unjust form of democracy and it needs to be changed.

Under our voting system voters' votes do not actually count for the candidate that they voted for, rather a slate of electors who then vote for the candidates themselves. Having the slate of electors is like blanketing them: you can hear them and you know that they're there but you can't understand what they really want. Take the election of 2000 for an example. Al Gore had more votes among the people but Bush won the presidency because the Electoral College inaccurately represented the people. If America was truly a democracy, Al Gore would have been president because the people would have actually been heard. If the people could actually have a say in the way that America is run, most people would choose to abolish the Electoral College.

The Electoral College is unreliable. It could come to a tie in any election and then the House of Representatives would step in and make scales tip even further. Each state casts only one vote and I find that ridiculous. Why would each state only get one vote? I think that the states should get a proportionate number of votes to their population. There is no reason why 500,000 voters should be wieghed the same as 35,000,000 voters. The people voting do not get represented fairly whatsoever.

A direct democracy would be a better fit for America so there wouldn't be so many discrepencies to how the people fit in. The people would the voice that America claims they have. The people in swing states should not be the only ones deciding who the president is because it's not fair. What about the people in the red or blue states? Do they just get silenced completely? The people need to be heard. Make america about the people.    