Dear,Senator of Florida Im am writing this letter to tell you that we should keep our electoral college. Because that way there is less drama and fuzz about who shall be president. I mean regarless when you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of elctors. The electroal college is widely regarded as an thing that seems to belong to the past and not to fit in the president, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the cadidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. But the good thing is trust because each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee and that trust is rarely betrayed however it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. Yet that has happened very rarely. There is 5 reasons why we should keep electroral college, number one."Certainty of Outcome" A dispute over the outcome of an Electroral college vote is possible - it happened in 2000- but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral college invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. Number two, "Everyone's President" this is a desirable result because a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president. The residents of the other regions are likely to feel disenfranchised to feel that their votes do not count, that the new president will have no regard for their interest, that he really isn't their president. Number 4," Big States " the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states by population lose by virtue of the mal apportionment of the senate decreed in the constitution. Number five, "Avoid run-off elections" there is no pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate. Those are the reason why we should keep the elctoral college it will avoid many things also bring us what we want and need.    