Dear Senator,

On the subject of whether we should keep the Electoral College, I would personally say the it should be kept for a variety of reasons, some of which I will list, and then explain in detail. A few of the reasons are that through the Electoral College there is no room for a run-off election, anyone in the Electoral College is part of congress, and also it's still a majority vote.

In paragraph ten Plumer states that voters sometimes get confused on the elector and who the elector is voting for when making their decision to vote. Now this is not a problem caused by the Electoral College but by people being misinformed whether by ads or through misinterpretation. The nominee that a person wants can still be voted for through a majority vote just through the states representative. Also in paragraph twelve Plumer worries about a tie vote in the electoral college and claims it is his biggest fear. A fear that has never been seen before in our country. There have been a few elctions where the difference was down to only 3-5 thousand but theses are still not ties.

Through the Electoral College candidates who get the electoral vote often have the popular, only the electoral vote exceeds the popular. In the most recent election in 2012 President Obama had a very slight popular vote of

51.3

percent and his electoral vote was

61.7

percent placing him above all other candidates (Paragraph 18). Arguments against the Electoral College about unfair numbers because a smaller state like Wyoming gets 3 whole votes! While Florida only gets 29. The larger states still have more votes than small one just not numbers based in the thousands or millions.

Based on the amount of eligible voters in the U.S that voted -roughly 1/2- those who vote for an elector are voting for the elector of that most represents how they feel the election should go. Finally the Electoral College avoids the dispute when neither of the top candidates recieve a popular vote, such as Nixon and Clinton in 1968 and 1992. (Paragraph 22) Both of them only received a 43 persent vote but still won through 301 and 370 electoral votes.

In conclusion I, as stated before, do not believe that the Electoral College should be removed or altered, though I can see why some may feel that way.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME    