Long distance learning is a program that certain schools have implemented, which allows students to attend schools from home through video communication. This may seem tempting for many students, but they should be cautious. While long distance learning may be helpful for some with mental or physical disabilities, it is not helpful to the average student. Working from home could result in feeling disconected from the subject and increased destraction.

There is a reason that many teenagers fail to comlete their homework; it's because at home there are many more destractions than there are at school. School is a place that is meant to teach you, but home is where the student keeps their X-BOX. Why waste seven hours at school when they could just play video games? When many students attend college, this becomes an issue as well. When they do not have anyone telling them that they have to attend class, they decide to skip. However, if a parent or bus driver is present to ensure that the student is walking through the front door, then it is more likely the student will attend their classes. Once their in the school, most destractions are removed.

Even if the student can filter out all destractions, the problem of distance becomes an issue. Students can feel discontected from their teacher and the subject, since they are one step removed from them. When students are conecting with their teachers online, many new variables come into play: wifi can become an issue, the teacher has a limited view of what the student is doing, they are also relying almost entirely on their voice, and the student may need to hold up their papers to the screen, which wastes time with the teacher. Being there in person is a much better way to learn, because the teacher can see their whole class, and can move freely around the classroom. If they a student needs help, the teacher also doesn't need to rely only on their voice to communicate with them. This freedom results in a much less complicated learning experience.

While many students may think that working from home is right for them, they may not understand what it entails. There are so many destractions and complications that could get in their way, that they are just better off going to school. Some may argue that long distance learning gives oppertunities to those who are unable to attend regluar school, and that may be true. However, for the average student, learning in this way will not give a satisfactory result.