I dont agree with the principle. Some people don't like staying after school. Students might have plans after school so they couldn't come. Some people just don't like being forced to do something that they don't want to do. There might not be some classes that students don't like. If they wanted to do some extra curricular classes they would of done so already. The principle should not force students to do extra curricular activities because they have other plans, the school doesn't offer any classes that students like, and they just don't like school.

Some students have plans after school. If the principle forced them to do extra curricular activities they couldn't do it. Everyone cares about their social life. If they didn't go, their social life could be hurt. Nobody wants to miss hanging out with their friends. If they keep missing these their plans they could get a reputation for not showing up for things. Nobody wants to be late for something they care about. People should be able to do things outside of school. Besides if students don't show up for their classes, the school would just be wasting the teachers time. Everyone should be able to do the things they want without being in school.

The principle might not be able to offer all the classes the students want. There might not be things students want to do. If you didn't offer enough classes of different variety, students would become angry and upset that they couldn't offer the classes they wanted. Some people might not like the classes you offer to them. Some people are not into sports. They might not be good at art. There wouldn't be anything that students like. So then they would be forced into something that they don't really like or are not good at.

Some students just don't like school in general. If students don't really like school they wouldn't want to stay there longer than they have to. People don't like to stay at places they don't like for periods of time. If they did they would just hate it even more than they did before. Even trying to make fun things to do after school is over is still not going to make them like school even more. Especially if they are forcing you to do so. Some people would rather stay home and do something than stay at school longer. If the principle did this, people would just not like school that much. You can't always change people's opinion about stuff.

Finally, we can't force people to do something they don't want to do. If somebody did want to do an extra curricular activity they would of done do already. It would not be fair to force students to do something like this. People are going to be upset if the school doesn't have classes for everyone to enjoy. You should try to change sombody's opinion like this because it would affect other people. Don't try to force your students to do something if they don't have the time to do so. Stop, don't try to this ever.