Have you ever wondered that in the future it might be driverless cars. I personally think that it should be driverless cars because of what it can do to us in the future. Let's say that your'e driving for 4 hours straight with no sleep on a highway and the car takes over if you fall asleep while driving. Well that's when the driverless cars come in handy. So my question is that are driverless cars going to take over in the future?

First, let's talk about how can the cars be driverless. Well Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009. Google cars aren't completely driverless because someone is actually inside that takes over if it looks like something is in the way. In the late 1950s, General Motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track. So do you think cars can really be driverless.

Secondly, what can driverless cars do? For the driverless cars it needs a whole lot of sensors so that it can identify where the car is going or what's in the way of the car. Googled modified the Toyota Pruis so that it can be almost like a driverless car with so high tech things on it. The combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel.

Lastly, is the cars assisting or are you driving? Sebastian Thrun the founder of the Google Car project, believes that the technology has finally begun to catch up the the dream. In the driverless car do you think that you are driving or is it assisting you while you drive the car. I think that the car is assisting you because why would it be called the "driverless" car. In 2013, BMW announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assistant." Basically what it is that they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves.

In conclusion, do you think driverless cars are going to take over in the future? I think they will because most people will get tired of diving everywhere they go so the driverless cars will help them out. It really started in the late 1950s General Motors created a car that can drive on a special track by itself. Originall, many futurists believed the key to developing self-driving cars someday wasn't so much smarter cars as smarter roads. Driverless cars are going to take over the future.