student now a days just like to play sports. some kids just stay in the tv or the computer or just eat all day cause they got nothing else to do in there free time . so some of the student need to excersice to help them in life . and teachers need to help the student if they get stuck in a problem or need help teachers should do that so there grades can go up . if there falling in grades the teacher should help them out put them in a after school program or give them extra homework to do if they don't know it. some of the student need to do sports if they want a career in life or to pass a class. the sports they have in the school are getting really help full to many people. so what if a student is a falling baack on grades and the need a sport to help them in the health issues and if that kid got a c average wat if the kidd starts telling the mom that the school wont let him go do any sport cause of his grade . im not saying let the student go do a sport and still fale a grade. all im sayin is help the student do good in the school and let him do great like staying a perido getting back on his missed homework or project. and wen his grades are good let him/her go back on the sport he / she was on before. sports is a fun activty to do in school at home or at the park . some student don't like do homework or doing anything like doin there chores cleaning the room goin some where or even getting out of bed . teacher should make the homwork that they have and make it fun . that how student likes it . see if a kidd like to do its not that he wants it that if its fun or the parent told him to do it . students want to do funn thinks like for example if it math they should do some thing fun like if there is 5 m&ms on the table and RELATIVE_NAME at 2 how many m&m is there.? see that's fun to do with them .or for science if a you put dry ice in heated water smoke will come out .. and it wont stop untill there wil b no more ice in the cup . for me i think that cool and fun to do. i think once i fauld a class but i told the teacher can i bump up my grade to a b average and she did i did a lots of homework