Things aren't always as they appear, just because it looks that way doesn't necessarily mean that it is that way. The formation on Mars does look like a face but it is just a land formation it's not like land formations are rare. Coincidences happen all the time, this is just one of those times. You can't judge something based on how it's looked, you have to really pay attention.

Formations are a very common thing, both on Earth and on Mars. It is nothing strange, what is strange is that it looks like a head. But even at the picture was taken in 1976 with a much lower quality of camera so things wouldn't have looked as clear as a more modern camera, the other picture was taken in 2001, technology would have advanced and improved much in that time span as it was 25 years later. The quality would have improved so it would have been much easier to see and to know what it really was, it was just a coincidence and coincidences are just as common as land formations.

Coincidences happen a lot, and this is just one of the instances that it happens. It may look like a face and something that was made but when you look at it again, with a different perspective you see what it really is. Like sometimes you will have food, like chips and it will look like a face or an object, but just because it looks like that doesn't mean that is that. Or sometime you will see something, but then have to look again to see if that's really what you saw, it's the same concept. Just because you see it doesn't mean it is that or that is even there. Magic is a good example as it is just an illusion, it's happening in front of you but that doesn't mean it's actually there, because when you see how it's really done it's not so magic. The clouds may look like animals floating in the sky but they are still just clouds. All of this brings it back to the same point, that the land formation may look like a face that was created but when you really look at it and realize what it is you know what it really is, just another land formation.

You may say that aliens made something like this but that just doesn't make sense. That's like saying that people made the Grand Canyon or that people made the Rocky Mountains. These things would have made by what was there and things that affected them, not by people or aliens. There is no evidence that aliens even exist, so with lacking that proof how can you say something that never existed or at least something that is unable to be proved existed made this.

It all loops and loops and loops. You end up with the same thing and it just becomes repetitive. You can say that aliens made this but you lack proof, where as it's just a land mass has plenty of evidence to back it up. It is just a coincidence that it looked like a face.