Driverless cars are a thing of the future, or are they? The Article ¨Driverless Cars Are Coming¨ allows us to believe that maybe thery´re not a thing of the future, but actually a right now present day modification to our way of living.. Now is this a good thing regarding the safety of the common people, I believe so. Does it help or economy, lets discuss and see.

First off the article points out that google has been doing thier test runs since 2009. ¨Their cars have driven more then half a million miles without a crash.¨ No one has been killed in these test runs, and how many have been killed in regular driving since 2009, the number is sad. Driving these cars arent as dangerous as people make them out to be. I would also like ot point out that these cars may be able to dive themselve's, but Google cars arent entirely driverless. They're unable to back out , and navigate through roadworks and accident, so they allert the driver in those situations. The car knows when its unsafe for it to be the one in control of driving so, its going to alert you to take over and get through this. Some of the ways engineers have allowed this is with vibrating seats, and flashing lights in the car. Some have even suggested getting a camera installed inside the car, that way the car knows if your paying attention while you are driving. Next these cars are not made so people can daze off, and text on their phones, or just not do anything in the car. Special sensors in the sterring wheel allow the car to know if you have your hands on the wheel. The cars are designed so that the driver must stay alert while drivig, and ready to jump in when roads require human skills. With all of these necessary precautions in store, and the history of how well Google has managed so far, it´s very safe for the right driver to be behind the wheel of one of these cars.

Its the best option we have economically wise, of changing the world, and advancing the world. Smart roads were investigated, in the 1950's general motors created a consept car that could run on a special test track embedded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a reciever at the front end of a car. Again Berkley tried the same thing using magnets and alternating polarity. The smart roads worked very well, but the cost of upgrading all of our roads to fit the criteria was to much of a hit to the economy, the smartest choice was to modify cars so that they could become smart enough to be dirverless. To be safe the cars have a lot of sensors installed into them. The most important sensor having to be LIDAR on the roof of the car. This sensor shootss out a laser beam to form a constantly 3-D model of the cars surroundings. To help the economy its safer to update the cars with these, then to fully update the road systems we have now.

Driverless cars are not a thing of the future, ther're a present day modification to our way of living. They're not anymore dangerous then driving a normal car, and may even be a bit safer. Also they're the best choice econoimcally that our country can provide, to improve our way of living and advance us that much further. So why not get with the new era and drive a driverless car.                                                                                                                    