I think that it would be a good idea to make driverless cars. I am going to tell you a few reasons why I think it would be a good idea. It would be "Sensing the World." It has its own way of drving. It could assist you in many ways. These are the three reasons now in the next three paragraphs I am going to give you a few deatils on each one.

The first reason is sensing the world. Google modified Toytoa Prius uses postioin-estimating senors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor, a video mounterd near the rear view mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS reciever, and an intertial motor sensor. These sensors make it much easier to drive by itself. If it can do it by itself then it won't meed the human to do it for it. The most important bit of technology would be the spinning sensor on the roof. It shows you a 3-D model if the vehicles surroundings. The combination of all of these accessories would show how the car could be driverless.

The second reasoning is it has its own way of driving. The car could handle driving up to 25 mph, but certain driving functions makes sure that the driver keeps their hands on the wheel. They can steer, accelerate, and brake by themselves they notify when the driver needs to put their hands back on the wheel.

The last reasoning is it could assist you in many ways. There is a car lest the driver know when they need to take over the driving when they are in certain areas, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. The human driver must stay alert at all times. The car has a vibrating seat that lets the driver know if they are about to back into something. The manufatuers are thinking about putting cameras in the car to watch the drivers and make sure they are focused on the road.

Those are my reasoning on why I think the Driverless cars would be a good idea. My three ideas were "Sensing the

World", it has its own way of driving, and it could assist you in many ways. My ideas were pretty solid. It would be cool to have driveless cars, but it would take a lot of time and money to make that happen.   