Driverless cars, the way of the future? More like stay in the dream world! I think the idea of a driverless car is ridiculous at this point in time. Safety issues, misuse/abuse, and new ways of the road. All for the fact people don't want to drive themselves or it will be safer? I don't think so!

I have several reasons why I think driverless cars are pointless. Now, would it be cool to just take a nap and let the car control itself and take you to your destination? Yes, but in that case you would have to have a car that is actually able to drive itself. The cars are said to win people over if and when they are proven safe. The key word there "when". Sometime in the future driverless cars may become a big thing but right now they are not ready to be put on the road so I don't even think it is an idea worth proposing to the world.

Driving or asisting? If a car is designed to drive itself going 25 miles per hour or slower where are you going that you are only going 25 miles per hour it can't be very far. Funny thing is you are supposed to be alert just in case an obstacle such as a traffic jam or an accident occurs. How is it "Driverless" if there has to be a driver. Why not just drive the car yourself?

That is like having a self filling water bottle but you have to turn on the sink to fill it up. Also the cars would probably be used for people to sleep or just think they can relax while letting the car drive. No that is going to lead to accidents and wih a car thats supposed to be runnig itself whose to blame in an accident and how can you prove who was at fault. Here is wherre new laws would have to come in. To prove whose fault there would have to be a camera in the car recording to insure the driver was alert and it wasn't a manufacturing issue. Then isn't that invading one's privacy? Laws would have to change and there would be so many execptions due to liability and how to prove who is at fault.

I just do not think "driverless cars" are necesary especially when they don't own up to their name! Now if people could understand the car is asisting and not driving then i dont feel there would be an issue considering you have to be driving the so called "driverless car". We don't have the laws figured out for liability in an accident figured out and since you have to be driving the car I feel like its a useless name to get more attention.