Does anyone work their best doing something that they don't want to do? No, everyone has something that they enjoy participating in. They work to be the best at what they love doing. If they don't enjoy it how are they supposed to do their best. In most situations children don't want do do something when they're told to. So if they are told to participate in extracurricular activities they will not oblige. I am guaranteed students shouldn't have to participate in extracurricular activities because they don't like to participate in what is demanded, not everyone is good at extracurricular activities, and are occupied doing other things.

The first reason is, children always like to feel rebellious. So when they are forced to do extracurricular activities they will only make the whole team suffer. I always say one bad kernel can ruin the cob. They will make themselves and the whole team miserable. Because a team is all or nothing, if one member doesn't participate the whole team falls apart. They can overcome it not being their niche. However, you have to enjoy it and put in countless hours of practice.

Another reason why is, it would not be fair that they have to drag the team down with them. If their niche isn't extracurricular activities they shouldn't be forced to. They'll only embarrass themselves and everyone involved. It is the same as putting a penguin in the rain forest they just aren't suited for it. It will discourage them from participating in activities in the future. If they enjoy it they can overcome the barrier with hard work and determination. On the other hand, if they are not determined their efforts will go to waste. If you force extra curricular activities then students' other efforts could go to waste.

The last reason is, students could lose massive opportunities. They could acquire scholarships by spending their time in a more beneficial way. They shouldn't lose that opportunity just because they have to participate in an extra curricular activity. It would reduce the time students can relax. Trust me on this it is already short enough. They could have very personal business to attend to, or they could be having a horrific day. In conclusion, I'm appalled by the idea of being forced to participate in extra curricular activities.

Students are busy, rebellious, and have a particular set of skills. They will refuse to do something we are demanded to do. They will drag the whole team down with them. Lastly, they will lose out on many important events in their lives. How would you react to being forced to do an extra curricular activity.             