The Principal has decided that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Such as, participating in sports, helping with the yearbook, or serving on the student council. Maybe, this could cause students to stress out more, and add more problems to their sad, miserable lives- Or maybe, this could be a benefit to students. Giving them more time to socialize, and a chance to exercise. That's why I'm agreeing to the Principal's decision. Most students may disagree, but I think that this could give students even more of an opportunity to thrive in different hobbies, and possibly improve grades.

These extra activities give students more time at school to finish up work, (mostly depending on what activity they chose to participate in) and spend more time with friends. Most kids probably turn down these activities either because they just want to go home, or they see these activities as too much work. I think that if they participate in at least one that maybe it could open their eyes to a new hobby, or they might make use the extra time they have at school to finish up some work that they might've forgotten to do (therefore, improving grades). Might even get some kids to go to bed earlier, because of how tired they might be once they get home (once again depending on what activities they decide to participate in).

The activities don't even need to be physically active, as listed in the examples of activities the Principal listed; students can work on the year book, which sounds to me like a bunch of printing and drawing (and dedication). Then of course, some people might thrive in the sports category and/or have friends they know that participate in sport activities. What I'm saying here is that they have plenty of activities to choose from, and most likely can find an activity they will enjoy. Plus, having all students participating in some kind of extra activity could either improve one's physical health, or give them a little extra something productive to do.

In conclusion, extra activities could open students eyes to something new, something they wouldn't have done if they just went on with their day without the extracurricular activities. They could pick up new hobbies, or get better at a hobby they've had. Students also have plenty of activities to choose from so, not only are they participating in the activities, but they can participate in an activity that they can enjoy. These activities give students more time to socialize, finish up work, and maybe even improve their sleeping patterns (that's kind of a stretch but maybe).

Those are my reasons as to why I agree with the Principal's decision of making students participate in at least one extracurricular activity.