Are you excited to get that new car you've been saving all your hard works money for? Cant wait to drive whenever you want and not have a care about where you go? Maybe us as a society has the wrong idea of cars and what they do for us. Cars have been givin this impression that they are what us young adults want and need to become an adult or even for some people ''cool'' but we've got the wrong idea.

Americans use cars almost everyday, numerous times a day, spening loads of money on gas and filling up our ozone with pollution but for most lifes outisde the United States they prefer to walk, bike ride, run anything except a car. Vaubran ,Germany have given up their cars. 70% of Vaubrans families do not own cars and about 57% sold a car to move there. Giving that most subrub lifes are over populated there would be no room for all those cars, but if you're that person that needs a car you must buy a space for 40,000, along with a home. ''When I had a car i was always tense. Im much happier this way'' said by Heridrun Walter, a media trainer and a mother of two, as she walks the busy path ways of Vauban streets. MOst countries are like Vauban, over populated with little to no car usage. Most people travel by foot, bus or bike and have been proven to not only heelp save thier environment but save lifes but you still have some countries that work like America. Bogota, Colombia does us cars very frequent but has a ''car free'' day which a large amount of Colombias population (7 million) participates in. '' It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,'' said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode with his wife on a two seat bicycle as it poured. '' The rain didnt stop people from participating'', ''We enjoy this, its better for us as a society''. Many other countries saw this remarkable change that they were trying to accomplish and really were motivated to cut cars out and start walking, biking..

Paris, France typically has more smog than other European capitals. The cause for this smog is to be said it comes from the Diesel fuel since Diesel makes up 67 percent of vehicles droven in France. The smog was so serious and dangerous that it traveled to Beijing China, which they did not need since they are the most populate city in the world.  France and lots of other countries have smog/ pollution problems caused by cars. France has plug-in cars, hybrids, more cars carrying three or more passangers, and public transport free of charge Friday threw Monday clogging up our o-zone. Many people across the globe have notice this big error its causing and try to make a stop to it. Lots of citizens try to cut back on their driving or try to find closer areas to work or for school to make it easier them to walk, bike ride to. For instance, the sons of Michael Sivak who are in their 20's travel by foot since driving was ''not a big concern for them.'' ''They organize their summer jobs and social lifes around where they can walk, take public transport or car pool with friends''. Even young adults are seeing the greatness in doing something good for them and thier environment.

Driving is a big part of our world today, but we have some people and even countries who have to or choose to do it by foot. Its proven to help the mind  and also proven to help with our environment and our safety life. Pollution fills the air but so does the people, making the world a better place to live and causing less stress to the citizens that do so.            