Dear senator in the sources "What is the Electoral College?" by the Office of the Federal Register, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best laid defences of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer  and also "In Defense of the Electoral College: five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president" by Richard A. Posner, the authors of the article discuss the pros and cons to having an electoral college. The citizens of the United States would be more pleased if the electoral college stayed as opposed to it being ebolished.

To begin, having a electoral college will be better for the nation and people.

for example, the article "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing a president" the article states "A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is very possible- it happened in 2000- but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote." this claim provides a true statement on reasons why we should keep the electoral college. This statement means that disputes are less likely with their method and their is a certainty of an outcome.

Although keeping the electoral college is a valid idea, there are some problems associated with keeping the electoral college as well. Of course, there are difficulties with in the curcumstsance where we keep the Electoral Collage opposed to disspose of it. the article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer, Plumer made several claims opposing of the electoralcollege, such claims include "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters" and opinons like "Its official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irration". While Plumer did put his point across as to how the system is unfair we must take into consideration how it is more reasonable and appropriate, in "in defense of the electoral college: five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president" the article states that "The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal" which is fair and less stressful.

in summary, the best option would to keep the way things are rather than changing things up and and creating a more stressful, unorganized system. Although Plumer made accurate claims as to some of the faults in the system, there was far more proof in keeping the electoral college and keeping things the same.                                                    