Distance Learning is an innovative way of learning, that is bound to be a popular option among students. Distance Learning provides students and teachers an opportunity to schedule classes based on their clock and agenda. This may be a popular option to students who come late to school, students who don't focus in class, or students who prefer a learning environment at home. Distance learning would be a beneficial implement to schools as it will ensure that all students will be present in class, it will raise student involvement and focus, and it will improve student behavior and motives.

Distant learning will ensure students will be present in the class no matter what reason. As the class would be taken place as a video conference it should be unavoidable to miss the class no matter where they are. Just like a normal school day, tardies and absences can be taken account of and dealt with accordingly. But even if the class was missed, the lesson can still be recovered and reviewed again by uploading the video again and watching it through. So there should be no excuses for missing out on lessons. Another way this method will prevent absences is by scheduling the class a little later in the day, giving student more than enough time to prepare and get ready for class. Overall improving student absence rates and ensuring students won't miss out on any lessons.

The integration of distance learning will help improve and encourage student involvement and focus in the classroom. In the classroom there is a flaw where students who sit in the back are more likely not as focused as students in the front due to the presences of friends. Although splitting them up may seem like a good resolution, in reality, it really just worsens the same issue. With online class conferencing all students will be in their respected homes and won't be able to be distracted as they aren't together physically. This ensures the teacher is able to teach the lesson to everyone almost like it was a face to face confrontation; resulting in better student focus and hopefully encourage more involvement in the classroom. Learning the lesson face to face will be more effective as the student will feel more engaged and thus more involved in the lesson with the teacher there in front of them.

When waking up for school, personality, moodiness and tiredness are quite common, and thats most likely a common among all students. Teachers all over can most likely agree on this fact; That students are the least productive and most moody in the morning periods of the school day. The main villain behind this is not enough sleep but another factor can be not wanting to go to school. Students wake up and are rushed to prepare and catch the bus to school, which arises stress about what to wear and how much sleep they get. Having class online will improve student moods and behaviors, provided that they won't need to worry about anything besides to join class when it starts. Being at home alone will be enough to improve the mood of students and will prove to yield better results in the grade book.

Although this method may be overlooked for being difficult to schedule, it will overall yield better results than learning in the classroom. Less distractions will occur when everyone is in their home, since they aren't physically together to fool and mess around. The lesson will be more direct to the student, encouraging questions and observations almost like a one on one conversation. Unlike in a classroom where the teacher may miss out on helping students who aren't focused and listening. To conclude, Distance Learning provides many benefits home school and public school don't provide. Distance Learning will overall be beneficial for students as it will ensure that all students will be present in class, it will raise student involvement and focus, and it will improve student behavior and motives.