Hearing multiple opinions can be very useful to solve situations. That is why when people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. This is why seeking multiple opinions can help some one make better choice by receiving different view points, they can obtain better advice, and they can get more than one solution for what ever they need help with.

One way seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices is receiving different view points. For example, when I was in second grade I was made fun of for not playing basketball at a socially acceptable standard. I was stricken with rage due to the torment I got from the other boys. Their taunting led me to tell my parents. As we talked I expressed to them that I wanted to hurt them, I wanted to treat them the way they were treating me. I wanted them to feel the growing anger inside of me. However, my parents quickly stopped me and told me that violence is never the answer. They acknowledged the way I felt but told me if I truly wanted to get back at the kids I had to practice. I asked them how practicing basketball would free me of my anger. They responded saying that If I practiced and became good at basketball the kids would have no reason to bother me about it anymore. I did what my parents said and practiced like my life depended on it. I soon was able to play almost better than everyone who teased me. If my parents had not shared another view point, then I would have lashed out on the kids who made me fell awful. My parents different opinion caused me to make a better decision. Another example of this is when I witnessed another kid getting bullied. In fifth grade a boy in my class was getting bullied by two other boys. I saw them picking on the other boy almost everyday. I didnt want interfere because I was afraid of getting bullied too. I tried to ignore the actions of the boys and just stay away from them. My plan to ignore them worked for a while, however, the burden was becoming to overwhelming. I told my sister about the situation to get it off of my chest. She then told me that I was right to not interfere but I should have got a teacher involved. The next day I went to a teacher and told her about the bullying and from that day on the two boys stopped bullying the other boy. In both of these examples I sought after different opinions and I received different view points on the situations, which led me to make better choices. This is why one way seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices is by receiving different view points.

Another way seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices is because they can get better advice. For example, I tried to get my dad's opinion on an outfit I had prepared for a party I was going to. he said my outfit looked fine and that I should go to the party in it. For a second opinion I went to my mom to see what she thought.

she told me that it look awful. We then went into my closet and prepared a completely different outfit. At the party I got many compliments on my outfit and it was all thanks to my mom. Another example of this is when I needed advice on what I should get for my friend's birthday. My friend Generic_Name's birthday party was around the corner and I still had not purchased a present for her. I asked some of my other friends what they thought I should get for her. They all said things like candy, jewelry, and clothes. Before I went to get anything I asked one last person, which was Generic_Name's best friend Generic_Name, what she would like. I told Generic_Name about the suggestions I got from my other friends. She said that she was glad I had not gotten any of those things because Generic_Name was not really into them. She said what Generic_Name did like was books. I kept this in mind and bought her an adventure book. when her party arrived she opened my present and burst into joy. In both of these examples I got advice from multiple people and some advice was better than others. Asking more people for their opinions led me to making better choices. This is why another way seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices is because they can get better advice.

Another way seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices is by getting multiple solutions. For example I needed help on my math homework. I went to my Mom first and asked her for help. The work was on multiplication and division. My mom took a look at my homework and started to explain a method I could use to conquer multiplication and division faster. I understood the method but I didnt like it very much. I thanked her then went to my dad. I asked him if he knew a way to solve my work also. Luckily he did and showed me how to do it. I liked his way more, although it did take longer to do. I finally completed my homework using my dad's method. Another example of this is when I was in third grade. I was completing my math work and got an answer for a problem. My answer was 5/10ths. I then asked my friend Generic_Name his opinion on my answer and he said that it was wrong. I asked him what he got and he said 1/2. Together we went to the teacher and asked who was write. He said that we were both right, however, in this case we needed to simplify. This meant that Generic_Name was right. In both of these examples I got multiple opinions and multiple solutions and through these answers I learned better options for me.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions is important to make better choices. That is why seeking multiple opinions can make help someone make better choices by receiving different view points, they can obtain better advice, and they can get more than one solution for whatever they need help with.