Although there are many negative aspects of driverless cars, there are also a lot of postive aspects. Driverless cars still have the ability to alert the driver to take over when pulling in or out of driveways. It also alerts the driver when dealing with traffice issues, such as navigating through road construction or even through accidents.

In the article it states that "In 2013, BMW announced the developement of 'Traffic Jam Assistance." The BMW can handle driving funstions at speeds up to 25 mph. Special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. The article syas, "In fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless." The driverless cars can still steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. All of them are designed to notify the driver when the raod ahead requires human skills. Although the car may be driverless the human driver has to remain alert and ready to take over when the situation requires. Some car manufacturers, such as GM have developed driver's seats that vibrate when the car is in danger of backing into an object. Other cars, such as the Google car have made it so that the car announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. Other car manufacturers have considered putting flashing lights on the windshield and having other heads-up displays. They have also considered using cameras to watch that the driver is remanining focused on the road. Manufacturers hope to make driving fun in a new way by bringinning in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. These displays are able to be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take control. The in-car system is actually a safety feature, and safety has and is a big concern worldwide.

In conclusion having driverless cars can be safer and more efficient. These cars can help alert the driver to take control of the vehicle before an accident happens. Driverless cars can help keep teens and adults from getting seriously injured in an accident.        