Imagine you're being asked to do a task wit a group and you fail it based on the fact that you do not know how to work with other people. This scenario will happen a lot in colleges or jobs because you don't have the experience of working with other people. What I'm covering today is the fact that students shouldn't take school from home. Although there will be a lot less distractions, students should not attend classes from home because you get experience working with other people, if you mess up on something, you won't have someone telling you what you did wrong, and you have people there to help you to get where you want to get in life.

My first point is you don't get enough experience being home alone and doing your work. Schools are supposed to help you decide what you want to do after school and most jobs require most people to work wit other people. Like the army, navy or even a grocery store.

These jobs all have one job in common. You have to work with people to get the job done. Another problem may be that in some work places they need specific things as in references and in some colleges, they need references too. So you if your at home, you won't be able to get those references if you can get any at all.

Secondly, if you only take classes at home, you don't have someone telling you what you did wrong. If you're at school and you get something wrong on a work sheet, the teacher can tell you how you got something wrong and let you know so you don't make the same mistake again. And if you get it wrong by yourself, you won't really know how to get it right the next time. In addition, they say that it's also better in a classroom because the teacher wants you to succeed.

My last point is you want to have people who want to see you to do well and can't wait to see you to do something great with your life. Just sitting in front of a computer, the computer is not going to say, hey that's a good job. But sitting in a classroom with peers and teachers who actually care, will help you get to where you want to be. And another positive thing is you get more knowledge when you're about to go to college also it's easier to learn is in the classroom.

In conclusion, students shouldn't only be able to take classes at home because you will get experience working with other people. If you do something wrong, you won't have anyone to tell you it's wrong and you have people who will help you to where you want to be in life. To sum it all up, taking classes from home is an insufficient way of learning. 