Some schools have summer projects so students will keep learning during the break. These projects should be student-designed. The one of the reasons for this is because if a student makes them, they will choose something they enjoy and will also enjoy the work. Summer break is a time when your supposed to enjoy your time off so shouldn't the projects you have to do be the same? That being said, let's say... A teacher assigns a ten page essay to do over the break. No one would want to do that. If a student was making the project, they could make it into a fun project of some sorts. Like for example, a project to solar power your iPhone charger. They would still be learning but they could enjoy themselves while doing it. They might even do more projects than required because they are enjoying themselves.

Eventually, you run out of things to and you get bored, designing your own project could be a fun distraction because you're not writing that ten paged essay. Students could learn while making their own project. While making the project, it could help learn important leadership skills, how to make good use of time, how to be independent, and could even help them get closer to their dreams. They are no ends to the possibilities of what kinds of projects. They could be research projects, experiments, keeping a journal and so much more. The student could cater to their interest and goals so they aren't just doing more schoolwork that might not help them achieve their goal or get where they want or need to be.

If they're projects can help students reach their goals, then as teachers, whose jobs are to help students, they should be able to make their own projects. Teachers can even set a minimum of how much they need to do. We don't have to leave it all the to students if your not comfortable with that. The teachers still need to grade those projects. But they should still be student-designed, teachers can just help guide students like their supposed to. Teachers jobs are to guide students and the best way for them to help them is to let them make their own projects. Like it was said before, students can gain new and helpful skills they can use in the workplace.

People have to make projects all the time for their jobs, so why not start early so they can figure out what works for them and what doesn't. It would save them a lot of heartache in the future and that's what we want... To prepare students for the future. That's exactly why I think summer projects should be student-designed.