Driverless cars are a thing of the future that are becoming more and more present in our lives. Driverless cars are an advancement of our regular manual cars and allows the car to do the manual work the driver would usually do. Driverless cars are becoming more and more talked about as they become more of a possibility for the regular person, but are they really safe for the road. No, they need more testing and certification before they're allowed on the streets. In this essay the problems with the cars technology and other aspects will be dealt with.

Driverless cars shoud be kept off the streets for matters of safety. These cars are new and people don't have much knowledge on them so the risk of a manufacture problem with the computer is very possible. Driverless cars would also make it easier to get away with illegal acts. Thes acts include driving under the influence of drugs and alcohol, texting and driving, and much more. With these on the road people's lives and health would be on the line. even as technology advances, it can't advance the human mind. If the car is unable to control it's self anymore and the driver is not fit to drive a lot of problems are going to occur. Also if the car has a malfunction and an accident occurs who recieves the blame the driver or the manufacture? Self driving cars are just a problem waiting to happen. People around the world would feel safer with the manual cars they're used to than cars that aren't very well known and have the possibilty to malfunction at any given time. Technology should be more focused on creating cures for diseases and doing things to help the the people in the world, rather than assisting the fat and lazy in getting around without doing any work at all. Also these cars will cost much more to manufacture and sell at higher prices than manual cars, so what regular person would buy a very expensive car just because it can drive itself, something these people already know how to do and can do for less money?

Self driving cars shouldn't be street legal for many obvious reasons. They're more of a problem than they're worth, and need to be tested more before they're certified for the roads. For now there are just too many underlying problems for these cars to work. We should just stick to what we know, manualy driven cars. As the future comes maybe these cars will become a possibilty, but for now they need to keep testing these cars and sorting out the kinks before they allow people to drive them on the streets.