79% of student have a lot of stress because of school work. My friend, Generic_Name would cry to me because of how much school work he has, how unhappy he is, and how he needs a break. I think students should have an extracurricular we don't need to have 79% of student to be dealing with the stuff Generic_Name is dealing.

One of the reason I think student should have an extracurricular is to help calm stress. If a student does work all day then he or she will be stressed out of how much work they have to do, but if they have a class that they enjoy doing, and doesn't have to do work then they wouldn't be stressed out they would be stress free . Another reason why I think student should have an extracurricular activity is because more student would show up to school. For example, last year I would always hate odd days so much that I didn't even want to show up to school but there was this one class that kept me from staying home. It was art class I would just enjoy laughing with my friends, finger painting, and drawing people. If I didn't had that class I wouldn't even have shown up to school. I also think if student have an extracurricular they would come back to class all pump up and ready to do work. For example if I had an extracurricular and it was yoga or exercise then I would be ready to go to my class to do some work. They say when you do exercise it pump up blood and flow to your brain which makes them all ready to learn. My final reason why I think student should have an extracurricular activity is because student will have a positive attitude. Have you ever had a student come into your classroom all grumpy and grouchy? Well it's most likely because of the period they had before you. I know this because I am a student and I've been in their shoes before. One day I came home with a bad attitude and my parents would ask me why I'm acting bad I would tell them how bad my day was. There are some days that I came home all happy and jump because how amazing and fun my day was. Which is why we should have an extracurricular activity because our parents or teachers shouldn't have to deal with our bad attitude.

I think student should get an extracurricular activity because it will help a lot to lower students stress, it would help get students ready to learn, it would help student have a great attitude, and it will help student show up to school more. 