I think that other people should join the Seagoing Cowboys program because you could be saving other peoples life. Why would you sit on the couch and do nothing, when you can actually do SOMETHING. Instead of just sitting on the couch and watching Television you could be saving many of peoples lives that have been affected by the war. I'm not saying that everyone just sits on a couch all day and watches Television because I know people have jobs and kids and other important things to do , but I know that atleast 100,000 people in this world just sit around doing nothing. If you have free time on your hands why not help out some other countries that have been left in ruins and are in need of food. I think it'd be a thing to do if you have to much time on your hands.

People should come help other counties with the Seagoing Cowboys program because you'd be able to go to alot of places and go sight seeing while saving people. I know some poeple would love to go and see other places in this world but don't have a really good reason to except to go see some things, well now you do.

You can go to places almost all over the world to help other people recover from the war but while you're there and you have some free time you can also go sight seeing and take some pictures to bring back home if you want. It will be an epic adventure if you help out this program . Im positive that it will be a fun experience.

I know some people are probably thinking "Well thats not our problem, that's their problem." but it doesn't matter if it's their problem or our problem. If we were badly effected by a war I'm positive they would help us out. Now if you were badly effected by the war and left in the ruins without any food or any help wouldn't you want someone to help you? I know that I would want someone to help me. Why don't you pretend you're in their shoes? You wouldn't want other people to just sit there and not help out. I'm sure that those people are very thankful and glad that the Seagoing Cowboys program is helping them out. The Seagoing Cowboys program is a great opportunity to get to do something and change the world.

Already fourty four nations have joined this program to help others out so why don't you join too? It may be a long trip to the destination you're helping but it's worth it. This is why I think that people should join the Seagoing Cowboys with me . I hope you agree with me and join this program to save lives and change the world.