Dear Principal,

I believe that all students should have to perform community service with their time and hard work. Students should learn responsibility, respect, and even some need to learn that everything does not revolve around them. Community service should be held and our school has kids who need to do it.

Community service should be involved at our school because the students need to learn responsibility. Responsibility is usually taught by parents or even teachers by giving them homework and expecting them to do it, but poorly that has happened. Students should have to do community service to learnt that it is important to get things done quickly as possible, not because they were told to do this or not told to do that, so getting students out there to help without having help from other class mates would help out to build up their moral obligation.

Respect is another reason there should be community service. Some of the peers at the school have no respect for anything, but what they want. They have been disrespectful to other people, such as taking books or homework from the students that actually do them, and even writing on other people's property. Doing good deeds will help correct their thoughts and get them thinking, 'Why did I do that anyway?', 'Did

I really mean that or was i just mad?', or even 'Why did

I get ISS for something so stupid, I should have just done what i was suppose to do.' All these changes can come from helping others and taking care of their own thoughts or actions. Community service would be a great help for respect.

A lot of people like to think of themselves all the time, but don't realize that they are not everything everyone wants to care about, but once they take a look into a nursing home, or even a homeless shelter, they won't think like that anymore. They'll realize that some people have nothing to wake up to but the love ones they have or even to the clothes on their backs. Community service would be a great help to let others see that while they go to bed at night in a house, some are going to sleep alone in a old building or some in a home with nurses watching them all the time to make sure they don't leave. This kind of service could help those who are selfish by letting them see how hard others lives are, and why they need out help.

Community service can help the unresponsibl, disrespectful, and even the selfish see through all the reasons why they do what they do and change them. It can help them see that their lives aren't perfect but they're livable, and some may even see that helping others helps them too. It'll make them feel good about themselves and bring out the nice person they can truly be. That's why we community service at our school.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME