Most people would like to think the "Face on Mars" is related to aliens in some way. However, that theory is highly unlikely. As in the in the article, the pictures from three different time periods, show different things, and each is more accurate than the other. It appears in the third picture (the most updated picture from 2001) that there is no face at all. It simply looks like a natural landform. The face was just shadows.

Even with the most updated and accurate picture from 2001, people still like to argue it could be a connection to alien life. Alien life has yet to be proven and is based off of theories, just like the face on Mars. These people are just ignoring the facts. My question is, why are people still basing there theory on an outdated and poor-pixlated picture when the newest one prooves its just a landform? I would like to think it has to do with fantasy. Most people get so stuck on something they wish were true just to make there life more entertaining, and most people like a little mystery as well. The thing is though that facts over-rule theories and perdictions.

According to the article, it says that with the newest picture, if there were something, we would've caught it in the picture. That is proof that it is only a landform. They even compare it to some of our landforms on earth, so I don't see how people still believe it could be something else. As I've adressed before, alien life isn't even prooven, so how could we be sure if this is connected to that all? We can't.

I would also like to adress shadows. In the first picture it had been said that they were only just shadows. There have been many instances of when we've seen shadows on objects and thought it looked like something else. This case isn't any different than that. We base most things on what we see rather than what it really is. It tells us in the article people have put the face in things such as movies, books, and magazines. For some reason people tend to feed into those things rather than whats really true. That goes along with the thing I said earlier about how people will believe what they want and pick the thing thats more exiting over whats logical.

There are facts and there are theories. Facts are what tell us that the 'Face on Mars" isn't anything alien related just a natural landform. Kind of a dissapointment really.