Why online classes are an innovation!

Generic_Name

3/9/20

Online classes have been an option for students since the online revolution in the early 2000's. But, some speculate that online classes are a waste of time and money, while others feel that online classes are the answer to their prayers. Many students want to learn as much as they can, but sometimes their schedules are filled to the brim with classes. Other students just cannot attend classes at all! This is where online classes come in. Online classes are beneficial to students who cannot attend regular classes; who live far from the school; and who want to take more classes than their schedule allows.

Some people have disabilities that do not allow them to go places very often. Nowadays, schools have become more friendly to disabled people. But people still feel uncomfortable when going to a school. Online school is a benefit for students who cannot attenda regular school. n Some people in wheelchairs, for example, hate going to school because thye feel uncomfortable around people who were taller than they were. The county that they lived in offered online classes, and they used those instead of going to a regular school. Most school districts offer online courses, and anyone has access to them. Even if someone just does not feel comfortable going places and interacting with others face-to-face, they have access to online schooling, and get the same education and even more classes than regular school students have.

College is always appealing, mainly towards high school seniors who will be entering the work force after high school. But colleges offer different subjects, and not all of them have the same courses. Online colleges are beneficial to students who live far from school. Many people do college searches,and can not find any colleges in their state that had the course they were looking into. They did not want to be far from home, so they looked up some colleges out of state that offered the same course they wanted to take. They found an online course at an out-of-state college, and did not have to leave home to attend college! This does not just apply to colleges, out-of- county high schools, and even middle schools offer courses not available in one direct county. Online classes make it easy to take a course that is not within a students county or state.

There are other benefits to online schooling than just distance. When a student makes their schedule for the next school year, sometimes it fills up quick, and a student may wish to take a course that they cannot take in school. Online classes are a benefit to students who do not have more room in their schedule for extra classes. Some people who are interested in space exploration and astronomy, could not an advanced astronomy class beacuse their schedules were filled with other advanced math and science classes, along with their normal core classes. But they were able to take that astronomy course online, and they love it. Onine classes make it easier to take the classes you want, and not have to make up the classes that you need in the following years. Some counties even offer classes that the rest of their state does not offer!

Taking an online class is benficial in a variety of ways. People with disabilities and who are uncomfortable in public now can go to school in the safe haven of their own homes! Students who live too far from the school that they would like tro attend can now register and take that schools online classes. Students can now also learn more advanced and uncommon subjects from home and still take their regular classes at school. People who are more comfortable at home, who want to take a class from a school far from them, and students who want to learn more can now use online classes to do just that! Now the student can use this awesome resource to their advantage!