Dear Principal:

I think you are correct in saying that people aren't allowed to play sports without a B average.

Even though many students have a C average many students also have a B average or even higher.

If kids are barely passing without playing a sport how are they supposed to pass if they do play a sport. When people are getting a C average and playing more then the people getting an A as an average it isn't fair for the people working their hardest to get the A average. I think you should raise the mandatory grades to a B average.

The first reason is because if the people are barely passing when they aren't playing a sport how will they pass when they are playing a sport.

For example: since basketball practice takes over two hours after school how are the players supposed to do their homework without staying up till midnight, and if the kids stay up till midnight they won't be rested and won't do as good in school.

Another example is the day of a tennis match the players might have to be there for more than two hours as well.

The second reason is that even though a bunch of kids have C averages about the same number of kids have a B average or higher. Even though a C average has the most kids if you add the number of B average and the number of A average kids together you get about the same number of people.

The third reason is that it isn't fair to an person that worked their hardest to get a B average or higher to sit the bench to a person that slacked off and barely got a C average.

If you look at the starting five for the boys varsity basketball team their grade point average is lower than the bench's grade point average which isn't fair to the players on the bench.

For these reasons I believe you should raise the average to play sports to a B average. Most importantly if the kids are barely passing without playing a sport how will they pass playing a sport.

The second reason is that the number of students getting a B average or higher is about the same as the number of kids with a C average, and lastly it isn't fair to the kids that did their best to get a B average to sit the bench while people that slacked and got a C average play. Thaht      