PROMPT

Asking multiple people can give you more ideas and it could be a lot smarter asking for advice. Therefore you were writing a main idea and your main idea was just the hunted house and if you go and ask people for a good spooky main ideas they can come up with main ideas you have not even thought about. However if you got a group and ask them to come up with ideas every one will many ideas and you can just figure out which idea is the best.

Manner-better choices

It can sometimes be hard if someone is trying to make a better choice. Like if your being bad and your teacher gave you an advice and the advice was to do all your work and to behave and your grade will increase. Your going to have to make a better choice to behave or not behave. And if you cant pick you can just go and ask other people if you should start behaving more in class. One of the guys says one day your going to become a leader one day and he will have to be a good person.

Tone- expiring

Seeking multiple options can help you in a good way because it can give you more ideas,something you never thought about, something thats new that came to mind, making a better choice, more details that come to mind.

Therefor you were doing a group project. The teacher would want you to form a group because when your doing your project. The other students that are working with you on the class project they can come up with new details about the project. And you project will get completed fast that you will have more ideas you wanted to add for the project. Like if your were doing a project about any animal your group would pick the animal they know mostly about. Then you come up with a idea and you think its not a good idea. Then just ask you group and they will tell you if your idea is good and add it on the project.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       