Have you ever wondered what it's like to be homeschooled? I often find myself thinking about this and how it could be different from the public highschool I attend. A majority of homeschooled kids learn from standardized programs or textbooks; some school systems are implementing a new way students can attend class by joining a video call; this new option of learning is called "distance learning". While this system makes many aspects of learning easier, it limits the interaction with the teacher and students, decreases the attentiveness of students in class, and comepletely removes the social aspect of school.

In theory, "distance learning" is very innovative and allows education to be received anywhere in the world, but it's not practical. Some argue that it is the future of learning but I think that is false. Personal interaction is important to learning and if you aren't actually present during class, it may be hard to feel like part of the class. For example, if you are the only student in the class on a video call, it may feel awkward of weird for them to participate.

Student who participate in the "distance learning" system are learning in class from the comfort of their home. To me, focus is a big problem in school because of how easily distracted I get. For some people who can't focus in school, being at home to learn would cause them to lose even more focus. On top of that, teachers have no authority over students who are using a video conferance call to attend class. If the student is not physically there, the teacher cannot discipline and instruct them properly.

The most affected aspect of school when implementing distance learning is the social aspect. Being social in school is important to know how to be around people, talk to people, and make friends. If you are only in school on a video or skype call, you can't do any of those things. While distance learning has minor affects on other aspects of schooling like attentiveness and interactions between students and teachers, it simply destroyed the social aspect of school. While everyone else is in school actually learning, there are people sitting in front of a screen while "learning".

All in all, "distance learning" is a very new and debatable system of homeschooling. These programs make social interactions nearly impossible, they decrease the attention span and alertness of students,

and it decreases the influence a teacher can have on their students. There is only so much someone on a screen can teach you and when you are the only not present in class, it may be hard for you learn.              