Everyday we see people getting advice from others. People always go to multiple people to get advice on their problems. Getting different opinions can help you by seeking another perspective, how will they respond to it, and what they feel about the situation. Some ideas are better than one.

A person who goes to multiple people get a different perspective on their problems. Seeking different perspective is a good idea because people are saying the opposite things based on what the others had said. For example, I have a friend who ask different people for advice because it can help her on the situation her friend is in. My friend went to all the people who could help her, and she ask for advice on what can she do to help her bestfriend stop being depressed. Each person had a different perspective on the situation. One of the people who helped her said,"You can take your bestfriend on a walk to clear her mind." The other person said,"You can have a sleep over at your house, so she can have fun." Each person perspective is very different and that's why you can ask different people on how to handle the situation.

Getting advice from multiple people can help you because you can see how will they respond to it. Sometimes people go see how others will respond on their problem. For instance, I go ask my mom and dad a question on a problem and I will see how they will respnd to it. I asked, "When people are in a relationship, why are they constantly fighting all the time?" My mom was the first to answer and she said,"Why are you asking that question?" Then my dad was the second to respond and he said, " I do not know how to answer that." Each person you ask, has a different response.

The last thing about asking advice from others is how will they feel about it. Feelings from others are very different because no one has the same feelings about something. In addition, my cousin goes around asking people, "Why do people on earth do different things than others." One person she had ask said,"I just think they trying to get attention." The other person she ask said," People just act the way they are." Each person have different feelings everyday. Some people have good days and others have bad days. So no one has the same feelings about something.

People ask many others advice. Advice from multiple people are different. You can see another perspective, see how will they respond to it, and how they feel about it. You can always get a second or third opinion because each advice can help you on your or others situation.