In the summer, learning significantly decreases in students, so it's important to continue learning. Having a summer project is a great way to do so, but is it better to have the project designed by teachers, or the students themselves? Summer projects should be teacher-designed because teachers know what is expected to be learned, it will be fair to the students, and teachers already have more experience in designing assignments.

Teachers are already well informed about the curriculum about the subject they teach, and they also know some of the curriculum for the other classes related to the subject. For example, a math teacher for Algebra 1 has also taught Geometry in the past. Since he has experience in Geometry, he knows what his students should expect in the next year when they take Geometry. The students were only exposed to the content in Algebra 1, therefore making it more productive if the math teacher designed the summer project. By implementing content of the next school year into the summer project, students will be better prepared for the class. Because teachers teach the curriculum for the students, they know what is most important/useful to remember. For instance, a Biology 1 teacher knows that the unit focused on animal and plant cell anatomy is crucial to remember because it is always used in Biology in general, so she mostly focuses the project with cell anatomy. It is beneficial to students if they are informed what is expected to be to know in the future. Teachers who know what is most useful to know would design summer projects more effectively by knowing what content to emphasize. Students do not know what is important to learn because they are in the process of learning, so having them design summer projects would not effectively help them better prepare over the summer.

If students are assigned to design a summer project, they are most likely to do something that is personalized to be easy for themselves with a lot of bias, which is not fair to everyone. Such as, English 10 students were expected to come up with comprehension questions for a book, and they ended up creating questions that were easy to them, but very difficult for other students. Students would not know how to create assessments that would cater to everyone's level of knowledge. Since teachers oversee the class, they would know what kinds of questions to create that would best fit for the class's knowledge, with no bias. If there was student bias involved in designing a project, many other students will have complaints and disagree with the components of the project. For example, a history teacher who assigned a project did not receive a single complaint compared to when a student proposed a project. If students know that the project was designed by the teacher, it will significantly decrease the amount of complaints and the students would just accept it because he is a higher authority. By having the teacher design the project, students will all have a fair assignment to do with no bias since it was designed by the teacher. Having students design a project could create a lot of disagreement.

Teachers have more experience in teaching and the basics of learning. They have traditionally always created and designed assignments in the past. For instance, a Psychology teacher has been teaching for over ten years knows how to create effective projects for his students. Since he has been teaching for over ten years, he has more experience and knows what he is doing. People with more experience can design better quality projects than someone who is still learning, Teachers know what techniques to use to effectively assess knowledge. An example is that an English teacher added more steps for annotating a book because she knows that it actually helps students understand the book better. A student would not like to add more steps in annotating a book because it is more work, but they do not know that is is very helpful in the long run. The process of learning is more likely to be effective if the assignment was designed by a teacher because they have more experience. It is important for students to learn with purpose and practice beneficial habits.

If teachers designed summer projects, it would be beneficial to the students' learning. It would ensure that students are learning the correct information needed, would be be just for all the students, and it would be more efficient since teachers have more experience. The purpose of summer projects is to continue learning in students over the break, and teachers definitely have the power to do that.