ADVICE

Would you want to take advice from one person, or multiple people? Advice is a really great thing, advice can give you tones of new ideas. You need advice in life, it can really make a difference. But if you are going to get advice, talk to more than one person. Advice is always better when it comes from more than one person.

Advice gives you information, and information gives you tones of things. Information gives you ideas that you would have never even had a slight though of. It tells you that something you thought was right, was actually wrong. It tells you what is write and what is wrong, it tells you what is up and what is down. But if you only ask one person for their advice, you are missing out on all of the other information that there is.

The chances of you getting the best advice you can get from one person, is low. One persons advice could be good or could be bad. If you ask one person for advice and its bad, that could completely ruin all of what you are trying to do. Even if you ask one person for advice and it is good, you are missing out on all of the other good or even great advice that everyone else has. So when you ask multiple people and a one or two of them gives you bad advice. But all the other ones give you good and great advice, you have all of this good advice that takes over the bad, and that is good.

An example of this is, I had a choice to make. I had to decide if I wanted to go to switch to a different soccer club, or stay at the one I was at. This was a really hard decision for me because the club I was at had all of my friends. I aslo knew that club really well and I had been there my whole life, but I didn't really have a future there if I wanted to play in college. On the other hand, the club I am at now is a lot bigger and better. I have made some new friends that are on my team, and I am getting to know the place. But it took me a really long time to decide if I was going to switch or not. When I was deciding I asked my friend that goes to my school for help. I took his advice but it was still really hard for me to decide, so I asked some of my other friends. As my friends and family kept giving me more and more advice it became a lot easier to decide. I was very happy that I asked as many people as I did for help, it was really helpful.

Asking more than one person for advice, is always the better thing to do. Overall, advice can really help you, or it can really hurt you. But you will never find best of advice without talking to more that one person. So the next time your are in a situation where you don't know what to do, ask for advice from more than one person. 