Asking multiple people for advice is a good idea. Needing advice is a normal cause that can benefit you. It could help you if you are in a situation that you do not know what to do. For example, if you are in a situation that can hurt you and do not know what to do then it would be ideal to ask multiple people to know what to do next. Asking multiple people for advice can help you because it could give you multiple opinions, help you make your next move, and benefit your problem.

If you ask multiple people for advice it could give you multiple opinions. If you are in a problem that needs people advice it would be smart move to ask a lot of people for their opinion. Therefore, asking people for advice would help you make your next move. It would be a nice push to your problem. If you need advice it would be ideal to see what other people would think about your situation.

If you were asking people for advice it would help you make your next move for your problem. Needing peoples advice could make you decide what your next move is. Once, I broke a plate and was scared on what to do so I asked some friends and some said to just tell the truth whole the rest of them said to blame it on my sister. So, I told my parents about the plate and they said that it was an accident and that I should just be more honest.

People's advice can help you overcome your problem. If you ask people to see what to do next then it would help your problem. You should ask different people for advice to benefit your problem. Second, it would benefit your problem immensely. The best way to ask people for advice would be to see how they could help. This could help someone by seeing what the best way to help them is.

Asking people advice could be a way to help on what your problem is. If you ask for multiple people's help it could make you see their points of views of the situation. Next, it would help you decide what the next step is. Finally, it could make your problem taken care of. Therefore, askinng multiple people for advice would benefit someone else to choose a better choice.       