Have you ever thought that it would be the same being different planet as it is on Earth? It is not. Venus is the closest planet to Earth and people can not land on its surface for long because it is very different, as in the way it orbits the sun or how the clouds are corrosive sulfuric acid in the atmosphere. The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" suggest that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents because Venus is so close to earth and share similar traits with each other, the author wants this challenge to be conquered, and for the experience to be a learning insight.

First, the author states that Venus is referred to as Earth's "twin" because of their close proximity, density and size. This is a way that the author supports the idea because it should be a way that humans can reach this planet and study it. Also, because Venus is thought to be the most Earth like planet in the solar system. Ideas should be created in order to reach the limits of Venus.

Then, the author supports the idea with the statistic of how spaceships has not been able to touch Venus in more than three decades. As said in the article, "the value of returning to Venus seems indisputable, but what are the options for making such a mission both safe and scientifically productive?"(paragraph 4) If the challenge can be conquered of landing on Venus safely, Astronomers can gather so much insight that could also lead to other big things being conquered.

Lastly, the author supports the idea with the knowledge that can be gained from the experience. There has already been an idea of how humans will get to Venus, " NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray."(paragraph 5). With all the compelling ideas just to get to Venus is inspiring, like bringing back mechanical computers from World War II to gather the samples off of the surface to test. The pursuit of getting to Venus is full of new innovations, old improved innovations, and imagination.

In conclusion, the author's idea is very well supported with statistics and ambition. One day someone will make it to Venus and the results will hopefully be insightful and rewarding. Beyond what is on Earth should not be given up on or intimidating, instead it should be charged with great intentions.