As technology advances in a very constant and remarkable fasion, many new innovations begin to reveal themselves. While we still might be waiting for the next flying car or teleporter, several smaller, yet very significant, inventions have presented themselves. An example of this is a computer software that is able to identify and recognize emotions. Profesor Thomas Huang from the Beckman Institute for Advance Science at the Univeristy of Illinois created this software in hopes of changing the world for the better, but is it really that great? Among the several other practical uses, Huang says that the use of this technology in the classroom can be the most important. Overall the use of emotional recognition has the potential to be useful due to the ability to change the lesson based on mood, and alter mood based on the current your current status, but overall would not be 100% effective due to the spiratic qualities of humans.

Dr. Huang, the inventor of the emotional recognition, claims there could be huge advancements in the education system due to his new technology. In a time of computer screens, video games, and the newest iphone students have trouble beign lectured for six hours a day. Dr. Huang's main goal is to put a computer with the lesson plans and his software in front of a computer so that it can do the teaching, effectivly. If a student begins to get bored and their zygomatic major muscles begin to relax and visibly show the boredom setting in, Dr Huang's computer software would be able to recognize and alter the lesson to be more engaging to the student. This would easily work for many other situations, if a student is sad the lesson could use brighter colors and better diction to create an enviorment where the student is not distracted and wants to learn. Nick D'Alto describes a situation where a student becomes very confused and does not know what they are doing and how to do it, but with the use of Dr Huang's technology the lesson could be changed and break down to easier steps to correctly compensate for the confusion.

Overall, the use of Dr. Huang's software to change a lesson would be very useful in improving the learning enviorment for the students who will go on to create equally as innovative new mechanism in the future.

Secondly, the software can be used to help change the mood of a student in order to boost morale as well as create an enviorment where the student wants to learn. In this day and age there are so many things for a student to be passionate about, such as: sports, video games, friends, and so much more. This is very good in the sense of passion but ultimately takes away from the desire to learn and become successful in school. Often times a student comes into school with the worst mood possible, hating every second of it, but Dr. Huang could change things up. For example if a student comes into school angry Dr. Huang's facial coding system would be able to create an enviorment where the lesson becomes more like a game for the student to play and enjoy while at the same time learning the content.

If a student comes into school depressed, it could be the job of the system to recognize this, notify someone, and help them be happy.

Dr. Huang's invention creates a short cut in seeing how someone feels through science. At times people are too afraid to ask ,"Are you okay?". The use of this software can go straight to the aiding of someone without even having to think twice. In the end, emotions create roadblocks for students to learn and the use of Dr. Huang's technolgy can identify and help break them down so that a kid can be a normanl kid again.

Although Dr. Huang's software is extremly useful, things can often be a little more complicate than what technology can actually be good for. While the identifying of emotions is very useful, the actual action of neutralizing them can be beyond the machine. For example, if a student is crying their eyes out with no sign of stopping, I am pretty sure a change in the lesson will not help calm that student. If a student is so mad that they just want to break the computer and storm off, no change in the lessons music, colors, or diction is going to be able to fix that. In general an actual human is what each student needs to be there for them. The warmth of a hug or simple hand on the shoulder can change the outlook on a students entire emotional status. The fact that an actual teacher cares is more than enough to allow the teacher to keep teaching. Overall Dr. Huangs software is incredibly useful to identify emotional change but really can not help deal with most situations like a teacher would.

In conclusion Dr. Huang's software holds its value in it's ability to read emotions and alter the lesson as well as alter the mood of a student in need, but is very limited in how it can help a student get through their troubles. The use of Dr. Huang's technolgy in the classroom will definately lead to advances in student comprehension but for the many individuals that need more than a computer for sypathy, the program most likely will not work. 