In my english class, we are reading a book about outliers, and that is the first thing I think about when I think about driverless cars. Many people think that outliers in every situation is a good thing; not in this case. I do not believe that driverless cars is a good idea. I believe this because of false advertisement, reaction speed, and liability

When I think of driverless cars, the first thing that I think of is that this vehicle will get me from point A to point B without me having to worry about anything. That is where the false advertisement comes in." In fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driveless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves but all are designed to notify the driver when the roads ahead need human skills"

If I am purchasing this car, I wanna be with out a care in the world. I want to know that im gonna be able to get to where I need to be.

I have had my license all of 3 months, and have experienced, getting cut off, rear ended, and much much more. These driverless cars will not react fast enough well to many decisions that a regualar person would still stuggle with. Imagine stopping at a red light; it turns green and you go. You look both ways while driving and see somebody run a red light who would of hit you if you werent more causious. " The google car simply anoounces when the driver should be prepared to take over." No one would be able to react quick enough to these risk, which is why driverless cars is not a good idea.

My last reason why driverless cars are not a good idea is because of liability.

"If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" Breaking it down even more; what happens if the car gets recked in a accident? whos gonna have to pay for it? These questions need be resolved before the care is intoduced.

Cars are to complex of tool to be driverless, and can be proved by false advertisement, reaction speed, and liability. These cars need to be kept in the future.