Imagine a world of cars driving themselves. You would think "that's so cool!" or it's just like the future!" but I assue you it may not be all cracked up to what it seems like.

Driverless cars may seem like they are going to become the next big thing, but they will not to work out quite a bit before they can even test driverless cars on the road. Driverless cars will become a safety issue. All traffic laws were written assuming that drivers would be at the wheel at all times, but obviously driverless cars do not have drivers at the wheel. If these cars do become the next big thing and are out on the road a great deal of traffic laws must be rewritten to accomdate the new cars.

Another issue with driverless cars is that they are not human, so they are not near as safe as a human driver; that is assuming the take all the precautions seriously and drive safely. Although these cars have a great deal of sensors, that does not mean they are safe. The cars can only mimic the humans drive; they can not think for themselves. What if the sensors do not work properly and you cause an accident that results in injuries or death; what will you do then? Would you be responbile for the accident or would the automobile manufacturer be held responsible? these are things that need to be carefully thought out before driverless cars become the next big thing to hit the United States.

When manufacturers say that a car is "driverless", they do not mean that it can drive itself completely. Sure, it can drive itself for the most part it a lot of the cars require a human to take control in certain areas. If you are in construction zones or traffic you would have to take over the car. Why would you ever want to buy a driverless car that you have to drive? Most people would get sick of having to take over the car or having to wait their turn before being able to drive.

So, driverless cars, are they cracked up to what they seem? The answer is no, driverless cars are not cracked up to what they seem. They are a safety issure, they still require a human to drive, and they can be very frustrating to drive with. 