When you are in need for help, what do you do? Do you seek for an answer or do you do it yourself? I say looking for multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. It helps because you get to see someone elses point of view, someone may see something that you don't, and they may have already delt with something similar and they know what to do.

First, it is important to see others point of view. I say this because they might have many more ways that you never thought of to figure out what you are going through. Also, seing their way of view may help you relize things you didn't relize before. This may give you ideas or different ways to approch the situation. Their way of seeing things may alter a bad decision you are about to make. This is why you should try to see their point of view.

Secondly, they may see something that you can't or couldn't see. You may not have seen what was wrong but that other person did. You may have said something that you thought nothing of but someone tells you what was wrong because they noticed it but not you. Sometimes in life, it takes another person to help you see your mistakes or something you should've never done. You may think to yourself that you are doing something right but someone knows that it is wrong so they tell you that what you are doing is not a good choice.

Lastly, people go through harder or similar things. When you are going through something and you need help, there is someone out there who knows the troubles. People go through things everyday and they may give you advice that they used that helped. Their ways may be the advice you need to get through whatever situation there is. People may have gone through something way different but their advice will still help you or it may even make you think of another way that will work for you.

In the end, trying to see other peoples points of veiw, listening to what they have to say about what they see, and listening to their ways on how they sloved the problems they went through will help you make a better choice.  