The reduction or limited usage of cars impacts the daily lifes of society and also benefits the enviroment; It could also Change the way you see things.

Limiting the usage of cars can reduce the pollution in the air caused by cars and  motorists.

Around the world people have a different way of thinking when it comes to cars, Society has come to realize that car usage is becoming dangerous & unnecessary. "It was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day; to promote alternative transportion and reduce smog". In colombia People have decided to change the routine of driving everywhere in cars because it might be unnecessary since their destinations might be close; instead they reduced the transportation usage and only buses are permitted; it lowers the pollution in the air. This demostrates that a campaign of limiting the car usage should begin in other countries.

In Germany People have founded other ways to limit the car usage instead of banning cars. Society decided to make the streets more compact less far away from the community itself. "Make suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation with, less space for parking, stores are placed a walk away on a main street"  By doing this action; it takes pressure away for people who use their cars everyday to drive anywhere. It also saves people money by not spending on gas & most importantly it encourages people to walk and  exercise by doing simple things like shopping. It also psychologicaly impacts community members. " When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way".

There's many others ways of influencing people to not use cars. For example, making a national fine. Like the goverment in France made " License plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine".

Driving less could have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment, It will allow people to feel more free and less stressed and it also allow them to meet new friends, their could health become better ; The economy could rise, traffic will be cut. There would also be less car accidents and crashes due to less traffic.    