Everyone has either given advice or been on the receiving end, From what clothes to wear the mall to whether or not you should break up with your significant other. People tend to seek others advice and opinions when making decisions, but most importantly from multiple sources/people. Seeking multiple opinions is good because it can open a person's point of view, Help a person make better decisions in the future and even finalize the decision they will make.

Advice from multiple people with different opinions can open a person's point of view in many ways, For example; Contradicting opinions. Going back to the Mall outfits, Say person A loves your first outfit choice, Although person B dislikes it. You go back and try on another outfit. Now both person A & B love your outfit, Those opinions helped form a new outfit. The opinions of both person A & B opened your mind to new possibilities and ideas, In this case outfits.

Different opinions and advice can help someone make better decisions in the future. The different opinions from people can help change someone for the better, Help them make better decisions in future events. Examples can be someone peer pressuring you to try something marijuana, although multiple people tell you not to, stopping you from doing it. Only a person can make up their mind but other people's opinions and advice can stop them from going down the wrong path.

A piece of advice can help a person finally make up their mind. When making hard decisions there's a lot of self doubt, that piece of advice from someone trusted can help make up of your mind and finalize your decision. If a person is doubting them self, They will most likely ask someone for advice. It can practically be about anything, All you need is that reassurement from your best friend, Family member, Trusted adult and spouse.

Finding multiple opinions from different people good because it can help make a person open minded, help someone make great decisions later on and help someone decide what they'll do. Any piece of advice can be good for you, if it's from the right person. Don't put your trust in everyone, All the while don't put little trust in people. Asking for advice is a natural part of life and you shouldn't be embarrassed to, We all go through the same experiences.                        