We should not keep the Electoral college because; first, it's unfair, and also, it can quickly turn into a disater.

To begin with, the Electoral college is an unfair system. In

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

, " Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always."[Plumer, p10].When voters vote for the Electoral college the person they put in might not even vote for who the people want for the President. The system is not only unfair when people vote, also when campagins happen in states. In paragraph 13 of

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

, the author states "Because of the winner-takes-all system... candidates don't spend time in states they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states.". With this system, we have some states that are left out of the campaign of candidates going through states, because they are not important to the candidate for winning.

In addition, not only is the Electoral college unfair, the system can fail at any given election. Plumer wrote in paragraph 11 "...what if a state sends two slates of electors to congress." the Electoral college is only to have one slate of electors from each state. With two slates from one state it would give both the state and the candidate an advantage over the rest of the states and the other candidate, that would turn into a disater. Not only can the states destory the Electoral college system, the system can destory itself.  Included in paragraph 12, " The election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe.". Even the people put into the college can ruin themselves by one or two electoral voters changing their minds.

Not everything about the Electoral college is bad. The article

In the Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our reasons despised method of choosing the President said, "..it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote."[Posner, p18]. Even the other vote systems are strongly disliked. The Electoral system is not the most disliked system but it can also get the President everyone wants. In paragraph 19,"... a candidate with regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president.". A candidate for the president can't focus on one region, because it will make other states feel that they are not important.

Finally, the Electoral college should no longer exist because, it's an unfair system and can quickly turn into a catastrophe.    