I agree with decision because, students need to be in extracurricular activity's it helps them interact with other students or, people. Students who are in extracurricular activity's also help the school. If a student is in the student council they're representing their school by being a student body.

Extracurricular activity's give students a chance to make friends and interact with their city or town. Playing sports is a good way to exercise and, can help the body in positive ways. Playing soccer helps you make your foot stronger when you kick the ball working your muscles. Playing football helps make you a stronger person because, when you get tackled you're working your muscles to make you stronger so you don't get tackled as easy before you started playing. Playing basketball helps a person work their arm muscles so it's easier to shoot the basketball. Playing baseball will also work your arm muscles so you can hit a home run.

Extracurricular activity's such as community service helps the community by for example, giving to the homeless, giving to food donors, and trash pickup helps the economy and preserve our beautiful world. Being a yearbook designer is a nice way to help a school by taking pictures of the bright, beaming students and, giving information of the whole year. Being in a after school club is a good way to help interacting with people and working on whatever the club is that you're doing. Mindstorms club helps kids who are interested in robots and is a relaxed club that has no competitions but is a fun club to do if you're interested in robots and technology. Chess club is a good club because, Chess is a game of focus and you need to be very focused and, aware of what you and, your opponents doing because, one wrong move could cost you the game entirely.

Extracurricular activity's help you understand why people like interacting with each other. Interacting with people is a everyday thing we have to do and, if nobody interacted with each other the world wouldn't be what it is today. Extracurricular activity's also help with controlling yourself and reaching peace with your mind and, body. I agree with this decision because, students need to be more active and, help their community by doing extracurricular activity's.