February 9, 2011

Dear Principal,

It has come to my attention that some students have been performing community service, but others think it takes too much time away from what they need and want to do. Also, you are trying to decide whether to require students to perform community service for a grade. So, I am writing you this letter to express my position on whether students should be required to do community service or not. I strongly support students to be required to do community service because it will teach them responsibility, help them learn what it is like to work for a living, and the students who participate will become more mature.

First, I strongly support students to be required to do community service because it will teach them responsibility. In a nation wide poll, 60% of parents think their child is not responsible with their time and money. With community service requirements, this rate could go down with more students completing community service. I think this would make many parents very happy, because they have more responsible children.

Secondly, community service would help teens learn what it is like to work for a living. In many cases, students don't know what it is like to work because their parents are always buying everything they need to survive and grow up. They might take advantage of their parents because of getting everything they want. So, community service would help them understand their parents perspective a little bit more.

Last but not least, the students who participate in the community service will become more mature. When they show up to volunteer, they would see how seriously most jobs are taken, and learn that it will be them working hard when they get out of college, or even during college. So, they should mature a lot during community service.

In conclusion, I strongly support students to be required to do community service because the students who participate in the community will become more mature, the work would help teens learn what it is like to work for a living, and it will teach them responsibility. So by now, I hope you have made up your mind on whether students should be required to complete community service or not. Just think of the number of students coming to your office in trouble will decrease. Thank you so much for taking the time to read my letter.

From,

A Concerned Student