I think he does a fantastic job at talking about studying Venus. For one, he does state that yes, of course it is very dangerous studying Venus and it's suroundings due to all of the risky factors on the plantet; Though he talks about how it could be helpful to learn about it. He talks about how it could have been Earth like in nautre, it could bring us to new discoveries, and how we as people are hungry for more knowledge and that Venus is a good start off challenge for exploring.

At first, he states that one,Venus is stated to be called our "twin" when it comes to terrain;Along with stating that,"Venus is the closest plantet to Earth in terms of density and size." He then talks about how Venus would have likey had oceans of water just like Earth, and could have housed life such as us. Clus being that it's terrain is very simair to urs, with moutain and caverns and so forth. Why this is a such a fasinating thing is because we as humans are currently looking for life on other planets and if we had ever found out a way to get samples from Venus, we could maybe find idems,clues, and or evidence that Venus was like our plantet today, that it housed some form of lifeform and would maybe be able to give us evidence that maybe we or weren't alone in the universe.

It also gives us the chance to explore our bounderies with science and technology. We learn that Venus is far from a life housing plantet today. As the author goes into detail. We find that quoted from the article, "surface tempertures average over 800 degrees." "such an environment would crush evena submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our ocean.". We can clearly see that nothing we have currnetly could master the terrain of Venus. He starts going into how this could challenge what we have now and how maybe if we can overcome this bounderie, then we can advance more and more into the field of space travel. Scientists are already coming up with new ways to study Venus without having it's furture people abroad killed in the process of stuying the surface or having the technolgy we send melted upon impact.

The author lastly goes into how not only exploring Venus wil give us insight on what the plantet has to offer, but how the "human curiosity will likey lead us into many equally intimidating endevors."He feels that Venus is a great start to our already curious fasination about space and our neighboring plantets and that it will give us a chance to not be afraid of our limits and the unknown.

Overall, I think he has done a good job of convincing us, the reader, to say to ourselves, "maybe going to Venus isn't a waste of time." With explaining why Venus is a good canidate to study, I feel as the Author has convidenced me to look deeper into the studying of Venus and space travel and why it is important to study Venus.       