The author actually supports this idea that venus is worthy to pursuit despite the dangers it presents very well. They do give us some information that may make us think its dangerous but he give us more information that supports his claim. In the passage the author talks about how Venus is very much like earth. It states that "Often refered to as earths twin venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size,and occasionally the closest in distance too"This shows how the author believes that Venus is like earth and if it is it means that was the authors suggests is very true.

Despite some dagerous things in venus there was also beauitiful things. In the passsage it states 'Long ago Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life just like earth" .This sentence explains to us the wonders of that Venus may have been that shows us and makes us see that venus had beautiful places and they had nothing to do with danger. Although yes Venus may not be safe now it was safe long ago. People who would have studided it before were not in danger because Venus was very much like earth. If venus is like earth than it is not dangerous because earth is not dangerous. In the passage it also states "Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. The planet had a surface to rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys,mountains,and craters". This statment explains to us the safe things venus has because mountains and and valleys and craters arent meant to be dangerous they are meant to be a place where people can go and study and see the beauties of the planets.

The Author does do a very good job suggesting what he believes. There is no doubt that Venus would be an amazing place to pursuit despite all the dangers. Some examples of why it is a good place to pursuit are it state in the passage" venus can sometimes be our nearest option for plantary visit,a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel"This is saying that Alot of people love to pursuit earth so why not venus if its the next closest thing to earth. It would be good to pursuit beause there can be new features that can be found there may be life over there that we may not know about and if people would pursuit studying venus they can be the ones to find out further things about venus. Thats why stdying venus is worthy to pursuit because you can find very interesting things. There are more better things than dangerous things it outbeats it .All this evidence from the text is showing what the author suggests about venus and how it is very much true and he gives very good expmples of that and how he supports this idea very much.