The invention of the Electoral College has definitely altered the United States of America. According to past experiences and news broadcasts, it seems like the Electoral College is the right way to go. The Electoral College is elected to vote for the president that they plan to vote for, and it has a huge impact on the outcome of the election. Many do argue of course that the establishment of the Electoral College the population of America not have much say as oppose to the president that they wish to be in office for a full 4 years. Although the Electoral College causes minor problems, it is definitely the way to go and decide who the next man in charge of the nation will be.

According to Source 3: "In Defense of the Electoral College" written by Richard A. Posner, the author is for sure for the fact that the Electoral College is thw right way to vote for president. Richard gives some valid points throughout his essay and really did convince me to stay with the decision of keeping this system. One of them explains that voters in toss-up states are more likely to know what the campaign is really going towards and what the candidates believe could turn the nation around and make it a better one. They are the most thoughtful and have the most impact on the election for sure.

Futhermore, another reason why the Electoral College should stay as the primary system is because it is sure that it will decide the outcome of a presidential election. In 2012, Barack Obama has received 61.7 percent of all total votes according to the electors, which has decided the winner of the election. It is said that one vote can overturn the election if the voting is really close. In Source 1: "What Is the Electoral College?", each state is selected with a number of electoral voters each election and is responsible for the voting of their party. This is the way it should be, a group of voters of each state represent the state and cast an overall vote for the next president.

As many would say, "we dont have any say in the election", they are technically wrong. As the people of the state, citizens have the opportunity to elect for and decide on who should be the electors of the president. The people rely on the electors to vote for the president that they think should be in charge of the nation. Will this be the method of coosing the president in the next few decades or even centuries? Who knows? Maybe the government will establish a new form of voting that everyone will be glad about.    