Car usage is very popular in this world we have come to know. It used for many means of transportation like going to work, school, social events, or just simply going shopping or hanging out with friends. Those are some up sides to having  and using a car. But they are some down sides as well. I will be explaining the down sides of using a car as well as the advantages of limiting car usage.

My first reason in this topic that i have chosen to tell you about are "Car-free" cities. what are Car-free cities? well the name says it all is a new project they are working on in europe of this city who is car free. This new city has no cars, no street parking, no driveways or or home garages. Why do they exist? well the obvious answer is to minimize car pollution that are creating green house gases and are polluting the air and more places can adopt this idea and have more "car-free" cities so we can save the planet and ultimately save our selves from extinction because we did not know how to maintain our planet clean. Also a thing a like about this new "Car-free" city is that  theres a main street where theres all the stores at a walking distance like how great is that? u can just take a ten to twenty minute walk and go shopping for anything like grocerys, shoes, clothe, restaurants instead of driving to a mall along some distant highway and ultimately that is where everybody is so hanging out with your friends and meeting all up in one place is at a walking distance and if you dont have any friends well you make new friends at this main street because that is where everybody is.

Another great reason for considering less car usage is less traffic. Who does not like less traffic? everybody hates traffic is slow, boring, and annoying. Now if we have less traffic that means we have less commute time when trying to get to work if you have a job that is far from your home and that means you get to work sooner and on time and hopefully get a raise because you feel like you dont get paid anough to do what you do. Also if we have less traffic we have less commute time and what does that mean? well it can mean multiple things like having more time to sleep because you dont have to worry about waking up early to beat the morning traffic like my mom and plenty of other people do. At the end of the day you will be able to get home quicker so you can spend more time with your family and do stuff you usually cant because of the time you spend at traffic.

My last reason is a very important reason and it is simply "safety". Think about it, it is simply just common sense. if they are less cars in the road at one time then the chances of car accidents decreases. Now i dont know about you but that sounds like a win win to me. One theres less accidents so theres less people in the hospital so they dont have hospital bills to worry about and less accidents means less traffic as well. And also if you ban the cars for a day or have one of them "car-free" cities you have less drunk drivers; one because they dont have a car so they will probably just drink at home and two if the bar or where ever is that there going to drink is close enough then they can just "walk" there sober and "walk" back to the house drunk instead of being in a car a causing a fatal accident.

Ultimately i feel that the usage of cars should be limmited because of many reasons. This reasons are as follows. Less car pollution. living in a car-free city so you are able to walk everywhere. Less traffic, less commute time, having more time to do stuff. and last but not least the safety of drivers. personally i think we should supervise the usage of automobiles and have more "car-free" cities and have days where car usage is baned or restricted by some amount.    