Is it really, good if u dont use a car day to day? People in Europe have started this new trend of having different suburbs to not have cars. Now, Paris is banning driving due to smog. Also, Clolombia now has a car-free day that made people bike, hike and aslo take buses to work making the streets have less traffic jams. The U.S, one of the most car used nations, has been going down, and in April 2013 the number of miles driven per person was the same as in January 1995. Experts are also thinking that if they encourage people to reduce the usage of cars, that it may help the greenhouse gases problem gradualy.

So one suburb that is already been established and made an car-free zone is Vauban, Germany. This suburb has minimal parking spots and people have easy access to stores. A woman said,

"When i had a car i always tense. I'm much happier this way"

. This movement of making places car-free is called

"smart plannig"

. "In the U.S the Envoirmantal Protection Agency is promoting

"car redused"

communities and legislators are starting to act, if cautiously."

In Paris, people were fined if they did not leave their car at home. This was put into place, because smog was intensifying. Also, smog is more in Paris than in any other capital in Europe. Delivery companies lost revenue, but electric cars and public transit was free of charge. After, the smog cleared the odd ruling was rescinded.

Colombia had an idea that was put into place one day and made a change in everybody. They made a program which is a car-free day which made people go hiking, biking and they rode buses to work. It made the streets clearer. It was put into place so that it woulg help the reduction of smog. This peogram helps people to know other ways to transport themselves without cars.

The U.S is the nation that has the most cars used. So, now they are trying to decrease the use of cars. A study showed that driving by young people decreased 23% between 2001 and 2009. Also, people big car business are trying to help. The want to partner with telecommunications so they can create cities with lower emissions and improved safety.             