As time progresses, technology becomes even more of an evident and essential apart of our everyday lives. Society is moving toward an almost completely digital lifestyles, causing the youth to become even more involved in phones, computers, and etc. Although this ongoing innovation is an improvement, it also has made its case as a potential hazard to today's generation. Specifically, when combining the machinery of vehicles, which are capable of killing passengers at personality of cellphones, the result is fatal disaster. Basically, while cellphones are helpful technology, drivers should rarely or never use them when operating any vehicle.

Primarily, as the number of people using cell phones while driving will also increase on streets and highways. At the same time rate, drivers still talk on cell phones and send text messages while driving. They will also engaging in other activities apart from driving. For example, drives will text when driving, and they will dial numbers. Drivers will also receive calls and talk on their devices for long periods of time. Again, driving demands your full attention, and your concentration which is taken away when talking on the phone. However, it means that the driver has to divert his attention to the conversation, which leads to less concentration on the road. All in all, one can connect accidents and cell phone usage while driving to this very diversion of attention.

Furthermore, drivers who use cell phones while driving are also highly dangerous to pedestrians. A young woman killed a pedestrian on a bicycle while she was texting on her phone. She may not have intended to end that person's life, but she made the poor decision to drive and text which she has to live with for the rest of her life. People use their cell phones for just about everything such as: texting, talking, schedule planning, internet surfing, etc. Sometimes we can even do two or more of these things at the same time. Ad a society, we have become so focused on how much we can do at one time that we are willing to risk our personal safety as well as the safety of others because we can't put down our cell phones. This puts both drivers and even pedestrians in harm's way.

Overall, it's obvious   