Having extracurricular activities at school can be enjoyable for students but they shouldnt be forced to have to participate in them. Extracurricular activities should be a choice not a rule. Most kids have things they want or need to do after school and dont have time to participate in extra activities. Also keep in mind that students need to be able to spend time with their families and themselves. Students shouldnt have to participate in extracurricular activities because students may not have time, also students have other responsibilities than school, students should not have to participate in something that they dont want to do.

Students have things they want to do after they get out of school. If that student has to stay after school they will miss out on the things that they were interested in doing. School takes up the majority of a students day, so students should be able to have that freedom of having time to do the things that they want to do. A students life shouldnt just reflect on school, they should be able to go out and have fun and live their lives without having to worry about school all the time. Students also need to be able to have time to spend with their friends and family.

Students have other big responsibilities beside going to school. Some students may have to go home and take care of a younger sibling or some may have chores that they need to complete. A student may need to be at home at a certain time, extra activities could interfere with that. Students may have pets or other things they need to take care of when they get home. Also, students need time to be able to take care of themselves and practice personal hygiene.

Making it a rule for kids to have to participate in extra activities should not be allowed. Students should be able to participate in things if they want to, not if they have to. Especially, being forced to choose from things that may not fit your interests. Having to be involved with a certain activity can interfere with what students need to complete at home or anywhere else. Activities are supposed to be enjoyable, but they arent when you are required to do them.

In conclusion, activities are better when chosen and not required. Students need to have that kind of freedom where they can choose if they want to participate in something that takes up their time. Students should be able to leave school and have time to enjoy themselves without worrying about school. Students will try harder in activities that they enjoy, rather than what is forced. Students should be able to have a choice of what they want to put their time and energy into.                    