Should students be allowed to design their own summer projects? Summer projects make sure students continue learning during their break. Although most students oppose the idea of being assigned a summer project, they would rather design it themselves instead of being assigned one already designed by the teacher; therefore, most students are more likely to be motivated if they design their own summer projects.

To be more precise, different students tend to show interest in different subjects. For example, one student might like Chemistry while his best friend likes English. The one who likes chemistry would rather design his project based on Chemistry; The one who likes English would rather design his project based on English. All students have different ares of interests. For a deeper understanding, if a student likes Math and is always scoring high on Math tests, he would do his summer project based on Math. He could use Math in a real life situations such as making a small wooden car. He would need to make sure all four wheels have the same width, height, and diameter. He would use Math to measure the different peices of the car and put them together at different angles. The student would want to finish making the car because it's something he likes doing. Students should be allowed to choose their own summer projects because they would show more motivation in subjects they show more interest in.

Similarly, students don't like being told what to do, especially if the work is time consuming. If a teacher wants the students to do a good job on a summer project that takes a very long time, then might as well let the student decide what to do his/her project on. If a student doesn't know much about a certain topic, he wouldn't want to do it. He would keep pushing the project till the very last day to finish it. The student would procrastinate more often. For example, if a young scholar never understood a certain topic and the teacher assigned him that topic, then he wouldn't want to do it. He would keep pushing it off because he doesn't have anything planned for the project since he shows interests in other topics/subjects. He would end up getting a bad grade because he wouldn't have put a lot of effort in his project. Another example: if a learner loves Science and always connects everything to Science, he would want his summer project to be based on Science, but his teacher assigns him a project based on History. The student wouldn't have much interest in the project and would end up doing not so well on it. Most students tend to put less focus into a project if they don't have much knowledge about the main topic.

If students design their own summer projects, they would turn out great because of the amount of time and effort the student would put into it. The more motivation a student has, the more time and effort the student will put into the work. The more the time and effort the student puts into his/her work, the more better grades he/she will get. For example, if a young student designs his project based off of his intersts, he will put all of his effort and take much more time to make sure his project looks wonderful. He would have loads of motivation because his project is on a topic he understands and shows interest in since he's the one who designed it. The student would end up making a better than expected grade on his project since he put all of his time and effort into it. Also, the student is more likely to come in fresh the next school year. He wouldn't need much review on the topic he did his project on and would be more motivated in school since he liked designing his own project. He would look forward to another student-designed project in the future breaks. Students tend to learn better if the topic interests them. Most students like doing projects because they like getting creatuve with their ideas. Young scholars should be able to design their own projects durng the break because it shows how creative a student can get if he/she is left alone to choose his/her own topic to do the project on.

However, teacher-designed projects can help a student be better educated on the topic he/she gets confused about. The project can help the student understand the topic better. If the teacher designs a project for the students to complete over the break, the students would have an enormous amount of time to complete research on the topic and do their project. And by the end of the project, the students would have a deeper understanding of the topic since they had to do research and finish the project. For example, a teacher would design a topic that he/she knows the students have a hard time understanding. The students would need to take time during their break to do research on the topic and then connect their ideas about the topic into their project. After finishing the project, the students would have a much deeper understanding of the topic.

Rather than having a teacher design a number of students summer projects, the students themselves should have control over designing their own time-consuming summer projects. They should be able to design their projects themselves because they're the ones who're going to be completing it and doing all the research and work for it. It's important to understand the students interests before assigning tecaher-designed summer projects to them because young scholars need motivation. By assigning projects of random topics that the students don't show interest in can easily make the them lose motivation.                                            