Driverless cars are not a good idea and I am not for them. Driverless cars are very expensive to begin with. Uprgrades to public roads need to be done for the Smarter Cars to be driven on. The massive upgrades to the roads will also cost too much money.

Self driven cars still do not meet all safety measures, that's why it is illegal to drive on the road with them in most states. None of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. They all require the driver to drive throught work zones and around accidents. Why shouldn't the driver just drive all the time if you have to drive through little things like work zones? Driving doesn't require much skill besides being aware of your surroundings. What else do you have to do in a car on the road? Driving should be a basic human skill for all people in the world today.

Almost all driving laws help secure the drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. Keeping these laws are best achieved with alert human drivers. You never know when the computer in the car will malfuction, or when the devices will just suddenly stop working. If the technology fails, the blame goes on the manufacturers. There will most likely be a lot of court cases that the car companies will have to deal with if the cars malfuction.

The self driving cars will cost a lot less money on gas, nearly 50 percent of gas will be saved. But the money that you save on gas, doesnt make up for how much the car will cost, how much the upgraded roads will be, and the risk you are taking letting a computer drive you around wherever you want to go, even when you have to do some of the driving yourself. The cost of the gas does not make up for how much everything else will cost.

I am not for driver less cars. Most of the self driving cars will come down to two things, money and safety. It will cost to much money for everything with the cars besides gas. There still isn't enough safety being provided in the vehicles. The upgrades that need to be done, you dont know if they will be safe and you know the cost of them will be really high. I am not for driver less cars.