Dear Principal,

This STUDENT_NAME

reporting to you saying that it should be required to perform community service. The reason i say this is because, young students so be happy to do community service to our community for that fact that we need it poorly. For example, if we did not give out food to the homeless, this people would exactly die for starvation. My generation principal is all about fitting in but, only thing would could do to make this work is show them what is to be done. Like me i give clothes that i don't wear anymore to the people in need. I serve the homeless at the "community kitchen" on the weekends when i am not busy with school work on the week days. See everybody should help our city would look horrible for visitors coming to see our well known city. Plus if the students can't help then why do people that do bad do community service but the students can't?

This a sad thing principal it makes me ashamed that my generation don't even care. Just think for example: what makes them think if thy can use the phone and text all day; if we did have people inventing and community help society then we wouldn't have so many phones out right now with different company's. Now think about that for a minute and now would you require students to do this? We students need role models and mentors to listen. Just like if Kobe Bryant wasn't a famous NBA player then people wouldn't try to be like him and Michael Jordan ; would they? Exactly we just need a mentor or a person to inspire this kids to help community society.

My mama said," If you do good things, you will get good things in reward". This go threw my mind every time

I

see something or somebody in need.

I know you thinking about this very much but, if u require and have mentors it will show for itself. It would show for its community and it well show for its famous city

" Chattanooga". It well inspire the kids who haven't payed attention and now seeing it in the newspaper or hearing it from their peers.

Your Student,

STUDENT_NAME