Student's will benefit from take the school classes at home instead of going to the school because they could work at their own pace. Student's dont have to wake up early in the mornings and be tried and if Student's come to school all tried they wont do the work most of the time. If the Student's take online classes then can finish anytime without have to worried about the class finishing and not hand in an incomplete assignment. This way if student's are really sick and can't come to school and are going to be out of school for weeks then this will help the student's keep on track with the class. If the schools did the online classes they wont have to be worried about snow days. A other benefit is being at home everyday and not have to move around a lot. Students would focus more because they have no one to talk to during the online classes. A other reasons this is good is that student's that dont come to school a lot can stay at home while they can do the school work at home instead of go to school and not showing up. Student's would probably have better grades because they would be finishing the work. It would be easy the get help if the student's dont understand they can just search it up on the internet or ask someone in their house for some help. The student's can take brakes during this time so they dont tried of doing a lot of work. This can also help the student's with computer skill while doing online school. Student's would get better information while doing this and it will come a long way in the future for them. A other good reason is that the student's can show their mom or dad they did their work so they can do what ever they went after because most of time student's dont show their mom or dad that they have been doing work in school. This would make somethings easier for people like the people who dont like to come to school or the people who dont like to wake up early in the morning. It will save a lot of time for the student's and teacher's because they wouldn't have to be there the whole day at school. It will make more people like school because you can take it online and you can finsh it at any hour but its due that day. 