Have you ever heard of the Seagoing Cowboys program ? If you have not heard of this program you are missing out . The Seagoing Cowboys program helps with animals and people . I think you should sign up for this program if you can . It is fun , your helping while having a awesome time , and doing your part while being exited .

First of all I think you should sign up for this program because its alot of fun .Can you imagine traveling while helping others ? If you sign up for the Seagoing Cowboys program you get to see all types of sights . In the passage Luke got to go to New Orleans , and Greece which shows you that you get to travel to awesome , mouth dropping sights. The passage states that Luke says "

the cattle-boat trips were an unbelivable opportunity for a small-town boy " which shows that this is not a waste of time . So you have alot of fun , get to see amazing sights , and its not a waste of time so why not sign up .

Second of all do you see how much help and care your giving . In the passage Luke cared for animals during the crossing , he fed them , and cleaned after them . Luke also severed as a night watchman for the animals , which means he was being on gard for the animals . Him watching over the animals effected people by them not having to worry about the animals . Luke also made hourly reports to the captain , while he was doing this he was also having fun . So Luke helped alot while having fun , why not join today .

Third of all you are doing your part . Everyone has a part to play , and everyone has to help in something . Luke stayed up late to watch animals and gave reports to the captin , Luke made his mark on the world and he didnt expect anything back , but he did get something he got to see mind blowing sights , meet new people and animals , and the satisfaction of knowing that he helped . So there are three important things that will make you think you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program , why would not you join .

On the other hand people might say its not worth the time , you will have to leave home for some time , and you do not get anything out of it . Well , it is worth the time because you get to see amazing sights , and meet amazing people and animals . Yes , you will have to leave home but just think of all the stories you will have to tell . If people say you will not get anything out of joining the Seagoing Cowboy program , tell them you will see many sights , have alot of fun , and meet new people . So you do get something out of being in this program .

In conclusion , i think you should sign up because you will help animals and people . You wll see alot of places , Luke even went to Europe . If you sign up you will do your part . Also you will be happy and exited , nothing close to boredum while your with the Seagoing Cowboys program . So go and join the Seagoing Cowboy program ! 