Is attending classes from home by way online of videoconferencing a favorable method for students to study?

Attending to classes from home by way online or videoconferencing is not a highly recommended way to study, because students will not have the same learning that they have while they are at school. If attending classes from home becomes a common way to study, students will not have the opportunity to build strong friendships with the other students around them, nor with the teachers. Also is not a recommended way to learn because students may not take their courses serious as they do in school because of the instructions of their teachers, or the advice of the counselors, or administrators of school.

In the first place attending classes from home is not the same has being is school, because at school students take their homework, quizzes and exams more serious that they can do at home. When students are in class and they have any question about the topic that they are learning of the can freely ask their teacher and the teacher will give them a clear explained answer and examples in order for students to understand everything they are teaching them. In addition, if students attend to classes online they will not have the opportunity to stay after school for extra help, or to retake a quiz or exam, nor to attend to a learning center to have other students helping them with their homework; or to just study with the company of another student. As a matter of fact, student's grades will decay due to not having all their questions answered, and their problems being solved.

Secondly, if attending classes online becomes a common way to study, students will not practice their communication skills by not building relationships with their classmates, not discussing their concerns with their classmates, nor just having fun with their friends during lunch ship. They would not feel the same way because at school sometimes students get inspired by other students, they see other students not just as their classmates but also as their friends, they could even see each other as family, therefore, students with the time get to see the school as another home where they know they have people that could help them with school stuff, but also can give them personal advice, as counselors and teachers do. Moreover, when students are receiving classes online at home, they will feel bored, and also lonely because they will not have anyone to discuss their questions or doubts with. In addition, in our present a large percent of teenagers are dealing with psychological problems such as; stress, anxiety, and depression; being at school distracts teens from their problems at home or even at their jobs, and it is a great way to receive help and advice from people willing to help them; such as school counselors, teachers, and friends. Being in school is better rather than being at home alone just studying.

Lastly, attending classes online is not the best idea for students who tempt to not take their studies seriously. While they are at home they wont feel the presence of a teacher standing next to them telling them to get their work done, or asking them to pay attention, and to not fell asleep during class. Also they will not feel the obligation to do their homework, in order to turn it in the following day. When students have to work in groups they learn lots of things from the teammates that they did not before, is a awesome way to inspire each other, and also to have fun, as students see other students work hard for their goals they do it too; but if these students are working alone they do the complete opposite. Therefore, this kind of students will think that they can do what they want and they wont take their courses in the serious way they have to be taken.

In conclusion, attending to classes online is not a favorable way for students to learn because they will not learn the same way that they do while in school. The students will not work on their communication skills, nor their social skills. In addition, students will not take their courses with the grade of seriousness they have to be taken. 