Students who learn and study in a classroom recieve a better education visually and actively, rather then just staring at a screen for a couple hours in an online course. The student is able to actively participate in the classroom with other students in the classroom to learn more efficiently from a teacher, or possibly another classmate also. Students are not able to make the same social interactions from learning online as they would in a school. The individual wouldn't be able to develop certain skills such as leadership, communication, punctuality, and teamwork skills through an online course. All of these skills are needed to be successful in life once you finish school, and go out to the workforce. While online courses provide comfort for a student at home, it is not beneficial towards recieving an education in every aspect.

Most students would choose to take online classes instead in order to get out of the responsibilty to get out of their house early in the morning. In most cases that just makes the student lazy and unproductive in my opinion, since they would not learn the importance of being on time. In real world situations people must learn to be on time to a job or an appointment, and going to school teaches students from a young age to be on time to school which isn't the same with taking classes online. Being on time is a very important skill needed in life when in comes to a job interview which could decide whether you get the job or not. Punctuality is a key factor in life to be sucessful which can not be taught through an online class.

If you are recieving an education by a teacher online, at home, or you are alone doing your classwork in your room all day then there is no way you can phyically interact with any other student your age. If all it is to take your classes online is to communicate with your teacher to learn the subject, and to do the work assigned then how would the student develop teamwork skills by working with other people on assignments or projects? Teamwork is an essential skill that should be learned by everyone because in most cases most jobs will require you to work with a partner or a group of peope for instance firefighters are required to work with a squad to put out a fire. A single person can not complete the task alone. So that is one benefit you will not recieve through online classes, which you will need in real life situations when you go out into working with other people.

In how many instances do you get the chance to lead someone or a group of people through an online course? None really because all you are able to do is take directions from a teacher to do assignments, so there aren't really oppurtunities to express your opinion on how to do something. Opportunities to express your ideas to others are not given through this way of education. Not all people are meant to be leaders, but if the student has the potiental to be then he/she wouldn't have the opportunity to develop this important skill in life. People need leaders in this world for many things such as the President of the United States which is a very important person in our lives affecting how things run in our society. The President of the United States did not learn this skill through a simple online class on leadership, he developed this skill through experiences in life and schooling with other people. Taking online classes can not provide this development of skill for our future generations who will be leading and living in this country in the near future.

The reality is that taking online classes may be benefical in recieving the basic education from the comfort of home, but wouldn't be beneficial toward recieving all the benefits of going to a school location and recieving your education there. There are many things that going to school benefits us in our daily lives from being on time, to working with others, to communicating with other people, and even learning to lead and guide others. There are just simple things things we don't notice that come from going to school that we benefit from to become the best that we can be. In conclusion students should just continue to go to school and recieve the best education that they can, rather then stay at home and stick with online classes. In order to tackle the many struggles that life may bring your way in the future, at least the students would be more prepared for what life brings them.