Imagine being able to stay home, while still being able to attend class. This idea has become a reality, due to many schools now offering the option of attending school from home through a video conference. Although some say that attending school from home benefits students more by allowing them to still attend school while out sick, actually physically attending school benefits students more because it allows them to ask more specific questions and be more focused on their school work.

Some say that attending school from home can benefit students by allowing them to still attend school while out sick. For example if a student were to get the flu and be unable to come to school for a week, that student could call their teacher on Skype or something and not miss any classes. With that, students will be able to stay up to date on what their class is learning about, aswell as minimising the amount of work they have to make up for when they come back.

The first reason why physically attending school benefits students more is because it allows students to ask more specific questions. For example if a student didn't understand how to do one specific thing in their math class, they could go up to their teacher and be physically shown how to do the thing they didn't understand. Being able to ask questions about specific things and have them shown to you would be a lot more helpful and benefit people who actually want to learn, rather than having it explained verbally through a Skype call.

The second reason why physically attending school benefits students more is because it can keep students more focused on their school work. For example if a student had to write an essay for their English class, that student would be less distracted and get more done when physically in their English classroom. This is because people tend to keep things that they like to do around their home, which is a huge distraction from any school work they need to do. Another reason why a classroom would benefit to keeping students focused is because the general mentality in a classroom is typically based around learning and doing work, which makes students in classrooms more willing actually pay attention and do their work.

Finally, physically attending school benefits students more than attending class from home. Attending school from home can help you by keeping you up to date on the material even if you are out sick. Physically attending school allows you to have specific things explained in more detail and keeps you focused with its less distractions. In conclusion some say that attending school from home benefits students by allowing them to still attend school while out sick, actually physically attending school benefits students more because it allows them to ask more specific questions and be more focused on their school work.