Limiting car use can be helpful any many different ways. Ranging any where from helping the enviroment to making people less stressed. There has been many experiments to prove this such as car reduced communities, paris putting a partial driving ban on citizen for a week, bogota columbias annual car free day, and the studies in the united states showing that thier is less cars being bought now adays. So I believe that we should all started limiting our car uses not fully but deffinatly by some because theres has been nothing proven bad about the limiting of car use. If we all stopped using our cars so much or had certain days of the year where we weren't aloud to use our cars in the reduction of smog greatly.

As shown in Vaunban, Germany where streets are completly "car-free" citizen have proven to be "happier" according to Heidrun Walter. Not only is it about making the citizens of this community happier but also about making the enviroment a better place by reducing emmision. Which can make the global community happier as a whole. The emmisions from the incresing number of private cars owned by the middle class is choking cities worldwide, and cities like Vaunban are the answer.

Paris' ban on driving and Bogota's car-free day are also great solutions to the global greeenhouse gas crisis. In both places Paris and Bogota there was a fine in place for those who did not abide by the rules on these days. I think a fine is fair for those who disobey these rules because it isnt asking much to not drive your car for just one day. Plus in these experiments it has shown a good opportunity to take away stress which could be helpful in anyones life. It has also proven to be great for the economy bike paths being and even new restaraunts and shopping malls have popped up since the start of these car free days in Columbia.

So from these articles I have yet to see a con be Produced from car free day and car free communities. Therefore I think every country should be held accountable to make its citizens participate in a day where driving is banned because this could helped decrease the amount of greenhouse gasses emitted tramendously. Which would in turn help the global community as a whole.         