Some schools require students to complete summer projects. These projects are given to assure that students still get an education over their timely break. Students should be able to design their own projects because it is imaginative, keeps them interested, and teaches them to be an individual.

Schools that require summer projects from students should let the students pick and design their projects because it uses their imagination. Over the summer, students get bored and do not know how to spend all of their time. With a project to plan on their hands, they can put everything in their heads onto paper, or even into art form. If the student travels over the summer, they can do a project on the history of where they traveled to. Maybe the student just stayed home and played video games all summer. That is okay; they can come up with a back story to the video game and do a project on that. Doing this will let their imaginations run wild.

Another reason why students should be able to design their own projects is because it would keep them interested. If the project was teacher-designed, the student may decide that it is too boring or hard and not do it. Student-designed projects give students the opportunity to do something that they are interested in. This will assure that they get it done, considering they get to pick the topic.

Student-designed projects also bring out individuality. When someone is picking your project for you, you do not have much say in what goes into it. Picking the project gives the student independence and diversity. They do not have to follow a list of guidelines that someone else has set up for them. The students get a chance to be themselves without teachers telling them exactly what to do. This will help them when they get out of high school because there will not always be an adult there to guide you through.

Many schools are starting to require assignments or projects to be done over the summer. These projects are made to make sure that students still learn over their break. All schools that require these types of summer projects should consider letting students design their own projects because they create a sense of imagination, keep students interested, and allow students be individuals.