In our world today, people are always asking for advice. Some people ask their friends if a dress looks good on them, and others ask their parents what they should do for a living. Advice can have a big and little impact on peoples lives depending on what your getting advice for. Unfortunately, not everyone gets accurate advice as people lie to others. Some people lie so they don't hurt others feelings, and some lie to hurt others feelings. Whatever the reason, I believe that people should not give other people unaccurate advice as it can lead someone to make a wrong decision. Advice can be described as an opinion from someone that can cause an influence on someone else. It is important that we get advice from multipe people as it helps us make the right choices. If one of my friends gave me wrong advice, I would have other people to give me the right advice so I do make the right decision. I would ask for advice from multiple people as it would give me diferrent options to choose from and let me know what opinions differrent people have. I would take advice from multiple people so I can see who is lying to me and who is not, and I can get advice from people who may be smarter than others and care more about my problem. I do believe that asking a majority of people rather than one is a wise decision as you're not taking any risks.

Firstly, I would ask multiple people for advice so I could get to know the different opinions people have on what i'm asking. Some people may have different advice for me and I would want to get to know all of it. An example of this could be me asking someone if I should wear a certain dress to homecoming. The person I ask may say that it looks too casual, but then I go up to someone else and they say it looks perfect. I dont know who to choose from, so I go to ask a few more people. The majority of these people said that I should wear the dress to homecoming, but then there was still a few people who said I shouldn't. Since there was more people who said the dress looked good and that I should wear it, that's the advice I would take. This can happen in a many doferrent ways other than asking advice on clothing. It can be advice on what classes you should take in school, what design your room should look like, and even what you should do in your futur. Advice is just an opinion that can influence your decision though it doesn't have to. Imagine you asked advice on what you should do for a career and everyone says a doctor, but in reality you want to be a veteranarian. Would you take everyone elses advice or would you take the path that you want to go on. Personally, I would take the choice of being a veteranarian because even though there are more people who want me to be a doctor, I would choose the path that I believe is right for me. I do agree with the idea that you should take advice from otheres, but if it conflicts with things you want to do, then I do not think you should have to take the advice given.

Secondly, I belive that asking advice from more than one person is smart because you can see who's lying to you and who's not. When people give advice, they may give inaccurate advice to either harm or help you. Either way, lying about advice is not okay and it needs to end. If someone is asking for advice about what classes to take and you give them incorrect advice, they may choose the wrong classes and be miserable that school year. This is where asking other people takes part. Even though one person lied, you can still go to other people and ask advice from them. Doing this is smart because you can choose the right classes and figure out who was lying to you. If you figure out who was lying, then you will know not to ask advice from them anymore. I've learned this the hard way. Although my decision wasn't smart, I learned two new lessons that day. One was to ask more than one person for advice, and the other one was to never ask my good friend for advice again. If you can figure out who is lying to you about advice, than you can learn to not ask them again and go to people who give good, strong, and accurate advice.

Lastly, I would take advice from multiple people rather than one because some people may have better advice than others. Everyone is strong in diferrent things such as sports, music, pageants, and theatre. If I was asking about advice on what musical I should try out for, I would most likely ask diferrent music and thetre teachers rather than a football or soccar coach. The same could go for anything I'd need advice on. If I needed to ask one of my friends for advice on classes, I would probably ask a friend who has taken that class rather than a student who hasn't. Some people may also care more than others about a subject. If I was asking a student who is not stong in science for help with my science homework, they may push it off and ask for me to find someone else, but if i ask a friend who is strong in science, they would probably help me. The same can go for advice. Lets say I needed advice on what to wear, I would ask multiple people who have a good style so that I can get the best possible options. Even though they are strong in that area, I would still ask more than one person because I would want to get the most options I can.

In conclution, I belive that asking multiple people for advice is key to making the right decision. I belive this because asking multiple people can give you different options to choose from and lets you know what opinions people have. It also can show you who may be lying and who cares more than other people might. Some people may also have better advice than others do.

I strongly agree that asking multipe people for advice is very wise as you don't risk making any wrong decisions. Advice is very important in everyones lives, but you have to know how and who to get it from. If you know these things, you will be able to get good advice in your life while knowing you made the right decision. 