Look Technology is great and all but it cant be used for everything somethings machines dont understand like us.

For instance you could be like faking being depressed for a joke and then switch to being have in less than a second. And I dont believe that machines are capable of understanding our own communication.

Only because we have so many different ways that we communicate to one another.

"And how can a computer recognize the subtle facial movements we humans use to express how we feel?"

That quote from the story almost explains why that would be a big problem for the computers.

But trust me computers would be very valuable in classrooms on the positive side but on the negative side it just gives another thing to go wrong in a classroom.

I mean don't we already have enough technology in classrooms to helps us out and distract us.

Plus what if the scaner just decided to start malfunctioning and get the wrong facial scans then you could be feeling one way, but the computer could say another.

And who says that a computer tells you how you feel only you and you only knows how you really feel.

"The facial expressions for each emotion are universal."

What this quote does to theargument is it sort of shows that it would be extremely hard for the computer to know how each and every single persons own facial movements.

And a computer probably cant tell you how your feeling even though you might not even know yourself how you feel.

"For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on his or her face."

This quote from the story also shows that humans can figure out faster that a computer how someone is feeling even if they are have mixed feelings.

But we also have the ablility over a computer to be able to communicate to one another about our own emotions.

The bottom line is that you cant program every single human emotion into on single computer no a million computers.

Becasue not everyone is always feeling one emotion inside at all times.

We humans feel mutiple emotions at all times.

For instance you get and a on a test that you really might have need to pass and you start to cry but they arent tears of sadness they are tears of joy.

And a computer will see the tears and say that this perons is sad when really that person is so overwhelmed by happiness that they cried tears of joy.