Do you think asking multiply people for advice is better than asking one person? Well I think asking multiple people for advice when I need it just to help me get a better understanding,better idea on what to do,see what other peoples thoughts are or sometimes see who gives better advice for future references. during this essay we will be talking about all those things and how they can help.

Getting a better idea on what to do from other people such as school counselors,teacher,parent or guardian,siblings, your friends or anyone you can trust to help,makes decision making so much better and easier. It's better to see different view points from different people. Than trying to make a hard decision or trying to explain something to someone or even having zero clue on what to do. For example trying to write a essay without brain storming or having any thought on what to write or type about its gonna be really hard and stressful.

seeing what other people think when getting advice can sometimes be difficult or helpful. It can be difficult if people dont understand or just dont know what to do and how to explain it to you to think they know what there talking about. It can also be helpful if they understand were your coming from or might have been in the same situation or been down the same path. when looking for advice try finding someone who knows whats going on or has or had the same situation. Make it easier on yourself to find those people even tho it might be difficult just remember you have those people listed above.

If you are ever needing advice ask multiple people for there input or thoughts to see who gives the info you think fits what you need such as, whos you like better, is more detailed,on the subject you need and helps the most and etc. when it comes to the people you ask for advice from it is most important you can trust them and they give you good advice and those are the people who can help you with future references when you need advice down the road. never rely on someone who is going to lie to you and you dont trust because those people will not help you and they will make it more difficult and confusing.

In conclusion asking multiple people for advice is more likely more reasonable to help you find what your looking for and get the information you will need than just asking one person who might have zero clue on what to tell you that will help your situation.