Techology has become a very large part of our society and plays a big role in our everyday lives. As technology continues to advance and people are presented with new opportunities we didn't have before, we begin to rely more and more on technology instead of ourselves or other people. Many schools have proposed the question, "Should students be able to attend classes through video conferences at home? Would they benefit from it?" Allowing students to do this would only hurt them and their futures. It is evident that students need to continue to attend school in person in order to learn how to work with other people, make friends and meet new people, and be able to see teachers when help is needed.

It is important that students continue to attend classes in person so they can learn to work in groups, preparing them for their future. Many, if not all, occupations available for students in the future recquire them to be able to work with others, and share ideas with other people. Working in groups, also allows students to become comfortable sharing their ideas with other people, teaches them to accept criticism, and helps them learn that two brains are better than one when trying to solve a problem. Most importantly, working in pairs or groups teaches students to respect the opinions of other people, even if they don't agree with them, causing them to be more respectful and accepting of others in general. If students were not recquired to go to school, they would miss out on the opportunity that would prepare them to work with other people in the future.

If students ceased taking classes in person, they would no longer be able to meet new people or make connections with friends as easily as they would if they saw them every day at school. Polls have shown that a majority of the friendships students in elementary, middle, and high school have, were formed at school, with few being from extracurricular activities. Going to school, students are surrounded by the same people every day, and are put into classes with a variety of different people, whom they usually may not connect with, where they are able to establish relationships and become friends. This produces more outgoing and friendly people who are able to get along well with others, boosting their self confidence. Students who take classes online would be unable to meet new people which could severely effect their happiness and cause them to feel isolated or alone.

Often after being taught new lessons, students are confused and have questions to ask their teachers. Being in school allows students the opportunity to ask teachers for help and ask questions. Studies show that it is easier for students to learn when face to face with their teacher, watching what the teacher is doing. Many students actually learn from being walked through problems or equations with their teachers, asking questions, and then trying one on their own with a teacher nearby to help if needed. If all students were to video chat with their teacher and try to learn new topics, they would find it very difficult for each of them to be able to ask their questions and grasp what they're being taught, thus causing their grades to slip. However, if students continued to attend classes at school, they would be able to go back later and ask the teacher for help, or find another teacher that could also answer their questions.

Attending school in person, as opposed to online, provides students with an environment in which they can learn to work well with others, make friends and meet new people, and ask for help when necessary. All of these things are extremely important to the development of students both cognitively and socially, allowing them to grow and learn as children so that in the future when they are out on their own, they can prosper as responsible, outgoing, and intelligent adults able support themselves. 