Florida State Senator,

I have read many articles that either fight for or against the decision to replace the Electoral College with election by popular vote for the presedent of the United States. After reading these articles, I have come to the conclusion that the Electorial College should indeed be replaced. I understand that the Electoral College was created by our nation's fathers but nontheless, election by popular vote would give our people of the United States more control over who is chosen for the President of our amazing country.

Most citizens think it is unfair for for them because they dont even really have the oppurtunity to vote directly for the next president of the United States as said in paragraph 10 of Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong by Bradford Plumer "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president... Who are the electors? They can be anyone not holding public office. Who picks the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes state coventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, sometimes the presidential candidates themselves. Can voters control who their electors vote for? Not always. Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? Sometimes."

If we didn't have Electoral College, we wouldn't have to go through all the confusion in making sure we're voting for the correct electors. People wouldn't accidentally choose the wrong one. If we had the option to choose our president by popular vote, everything would go much smoother with no confusion at all. People would be able to vote for the president they actually want with no problems and everyone would be happy.

As Bradford Plumer said in his article Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong, paragraph 13, "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters." And again, i seriously consider switching to election by popular vote.

Thank you for your time.

Sincerly, Concerned Citizen    