Many people believe technology is becoming too advanced for our own good. Maybe they were right, technology is advancing at a rapid rate and can also invade one's privacy. In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" the author describes a new technology that enables computers to identify human emotions such as happy, sad, disgust, surprised, and a few other basic emotions. There is debate whether this software should become avaible in classrooms for students and if it is valuable. It is not very valuable, it is an invasion of privacy to use this software to read a students' emotional responses to their work.

Schools around the world are becoming more and more advanced everyday. Students, freshman through seniors, at Floyd Central High School along with hundreds of tother high schools have ipads that students carry around and use in their everyday classes. If they were to have this new software it would not change very many things. "For example, if you smile when a web as appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if your frown, the next ad will be different." What does web ads have to do with a student's education? This only shows that students will be recorded at all times through their ipads and/or computers while they do their school work. This is a huge invasion of privacy to students everywhere who might have to use this new emotional expression software.

The article states, " "A classroom computer could regonize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr Huang predicts."Then it could modify the lesson, like the effective human instructor." " Though it sounds like a step towards the right direction in technology, students will be just as bored doing random classwork on a computer without emotion software watching their every move through a camera. Also, at least 60% of students do better with a teacher in front of them to help rather than learning things online. If this software acts as a effective human instructor, students will still grow confused because as the article states that "...you could probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face.". A student will most likely do better just having a teacher because of the facial expressions or body language a teacher gives while teaching can help them better retain the information given rather than a screen teaching it to them, and if a teacher is doing a lecture in front of a class there is no need for a student to have out a laptop computer or an ipad unless it is called for that class and the teacher would be able to answer questions, not the computer.

The Facial Action Coding System software should not be used in the classroom. It is not of value to a student's education, it would be a waste of money and time to install it onto student ipads or computers. It is a complete invasion of privacy to today's youth to be constantly looked at through a little camera just to see if they are confused or not when they could just simply raise their hand and ask a teacher. Though it has many benefits, it has more pros than cons. The article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" is supposed to convince the audience reading it that Facial Action Coding System software should be put in schools, reading it would make one feel the opposite.      