Its 11 am, and you're driving to your favorite restaurant to get lunch, you decide to check your phone while driving to text your friend; as you're typing your message, you run a red light and get side-swiped by another car. Texting while driving can lead to a potentially fatal series of events; not only for you, but for others around you.

Many people think they should be safe if they only check their phones for a short period of time. This is negligent of the fact that a quick glance at their phone could be all it takes to get into an accident. If you're driving on a highway, and decide to check your phone for a minute; the distance you would travel without looking at the road would be the length of up to 500 cars.

Imagine how many accidents you could get into if you consider the fact that people need to slow down, or change lanes.

Not only does texting pose a danger, the constant thought of notifications, and texts that you might be alerted to can be dangerous. If you can't focus on driving, and you keep getting notified of more and more texts or social media feed updates, you would be more convinced to check your phone. The safest thing to do would be to keep your phone on "do not disturb" or "silent". If you don't think about your phone, the safer you will be as the temptation to use or check your phone would be diminished.

Now you might be thinking, "What if there's an emergency, and I need to be contacted immediately?". The safest thing to do would be to utilize what most cars come with, the ability to call someone without using your phone directly. In that case, instead of being texted, you could call, or be called. If you're on a phone call, you can still keep your eyes on the road, and there's less of a danger.

Drivers should be allowed to keep their phones on them while driving, but be limited to only calling. You can easily call someone without taking your eyes off the road in most cases; if you have a car that can act as the medium to call someone.   