Extracurricular activities are things that children will look back on with a smile and making them required wouldn't be a negative thing even in the slightest way. Not only are extracurricular activities very fun things to do, they also give the kids something to look forward to, provide the students some social time, and give them a community to be a part of.

By the end of the day, the students are usually tired from their long day of work, but they usually don't feel that way when they have a fun activity to look forward to. The extracurricular activity is like the light at the end of a tunnel. It'll help them make it through the slow and long day of school.

Throughout the years, teen's social skills have decreased because of things like cellphones and technology, but if the kids have an extracurricular activity where they have to put down their phones, they'll have to socialize. During the extracurricular activity, they'll get to make new friends and strengthen their friendship with preexisting friends. Sometimes, kids will talk during the school day because they feel like they have no other chance to talk to their friends, but if you give them an extracurricular activity where they have a guarantee of being able to talk to their friends, there won't be as many chatty kids in the middle of class.

Finally, this will give them a community. There are kids who don't feel like they fit in. They feel isolated and not connected to anyone at their school. If they have an extracurricular activity, they won't have to feel that way anymore because they have a community within their extracurricular activity. Their extracurricular activity will give them something to be proud of, and they'll start to become more connected to the school through their extracurricular activity.

Extracurricular activities can help and positively impact the students in many ways. The students having something to look forward to, the extra time to socialize, and the community that they'll build with their peers are just some of the ways that required extracurricular activities can positively impact students. 