" Excuse me can I ask you a quick question?" Generic_Name said. "Sure," replied the lady. "How do you take care of a dog?", Generic_Name questioned. "Taking care of a dog can be difficult because you have to make sure that they get plenty of time to play outdoors, you have to feed them, and you have to walk them at least 3 to 4 times a day." The lady explained. " "Thank you for the advice." Generic_Name said. "No problem." The lady replied

When people usually ask for advice its more likely that they are going to ask more than one person because they want to make the best choice that is for them. By doing this you can make better choices, make your decisions faster, and you can also help others around you yo make better decisions.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better decisions. First, when people ask multiple opinions for advice he or she are most likely going to make better decisions because when seeking multiple opinions you have more than one choices to choose from. For example, if a person is going around asking for advice whether if he or she should own a pet, he or she will have many choices to choose from due to the number of people he or she asked. Secondly, some people might even come across having the same advice from different people. For instance, if a girl is asking people advice for how to take care of a cat most people would say that "you have to feed them daily and clean their litter box once or twice a week." Therefore, by seeking multiple opinions sometimes it's best if people seek more than one opinion.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make decisions faster. To begin with, usually when people have more than one decision, he or she can choose their best choice quicker. For instance, if someone is debating whether if he or she should get a new car or not, he or she has a better chance of making the decision faster because of the amount of information and opinions he or she has. Furthermore, it also makes it easier to make a decisions because some people might have bad advice or information, so it will be easier if you eliminate the choices that you think are the worst. As a result, seeking multiple opinions can help people make decisions faster and easier.

Seeking multiple opinions can help some other people. First, if you are able to collect information then it is most likely that you can help out a friend make better decisions. For example, if one of your friends is having trouble deciding whether he or she should buy a new phone. You could probably help them out in the same way you did for yourself. Furthermore, you can even help him or her by doing the work together meaning that both you and your friend can work everything out so he or she could get the job done. As a result, he or she probably made a better choice because you helped her or him through the process.

In conclusion, when people are seeking opinions they tend to ask more than one person because they want to be able to make better decisions, make their decisions faster, and they can help others.             