Schools offer different options of schooling, they have is Online School , Public School , Private School and also Video Conferencing . However taking classes from home wouldn't benefit students the same way Public School would benefit them due to the fact; Some students are visual learners, Students wouldn't have a big social life outside of their home , Students can slack on their own education an have no motivation and also they could be relying on Google answers when they don't understand the material.

Students have different methods to remembering a material they have learned. Everyone isnt the same, Everyone has their own different techniques; Some people may be visual learners, They need someone to be speaking to them explaining step by step and some students just like peace and quite to figure it out on their own. Personally I am a visual learner for every subject, I would need my teachers to give examples and to go over everything to me step by step to learn the material the teacher is teaching. My classmate, Generic_Name has a different opinion, Generic_Name needs a quite place to concentrate and to think about his work rather than a teacher talking the whole class period.

In Elementary , Middle school and High school they plan a lot of activities for the kids. Schools have dances, concerts and even field trips being home schooled you wouldn't be able to enjoy none of the fun activities the school would have planned for your classmates. Being home schooled you wouldn't have that " high school experience " everyone claims they love so much and would do anything to go back too. Being home school would also effect your social life for the real world. In school they might not have a class for communication but going to a Public schools does teach you how to speak up and communicate with other people you dont know and that would really be beneficial for the real world after school when you go into your career.

On the weekend I personally hate doing homework, I like to think of my home as a lazy environment for myself rather than another school place. I think if kids were to be home schooled they wouldn't be able to concentrate at home the whole time they are supposed to. There would be no consequences for the student as if when they aren't paying attention or just on their phones the whole time. There would be no teachers or administrators to be motivating the student to get to work, be on time or even get your'e grades up. Being home schooled and doing online school they would start getting on the wrong track after some time. If my house for me was a school environment i would procrastinate my school work so much like saying " ill do it in 15 minutes " " ill do it the next 15 minutes " and so on to the point i forgot because i have no motivation for my work.

Having no teachers or administrator around it would be easy to cheat. not understanding the material and not being able to ask questions your last resort is to cheat for answer. Students will find the answers then think they have a easy way out of online school by relying on Google answers. Students can also pay someone to be doing their work for them and manipulate other kids to agree and do the work for them. Students attending online school or homeschooling have a lot of ways to cheat for their classwork.

I disagree that home school or online school would be beneficial for students because they wouldn't be able to learn and understand everything and to being able to ask questions, Students wouldn't have a social life outside of their home and not be prepared to communicate with people outside in the real world, Students would't have any motivation for their school work and start slacking off and lastly they can find easy ways to get out of their own work and having it done without them actually doing any work.           