Many things in the world are very stressful and is hard to get through alone, especially making important decisions or having a new idea. Stressful situations like hard times at school or bullying also require decision making. When having these hard times or struggling with making a decision you should get advice from another person to sort of reinforce that idea or decision with another viewpoint. The more people you get advice from the more reliable that decision will become in terms to helping you in whatever situation you are in. This helps you widen your view of understanding for the situation and can help you decide. The best people to get advice from are trusted adults, friends, and trained experts on the topic you need advice for. So just remember, when you look for a second viewpoint about something troubling or needing to reinforce a decision or idea, you are not alone and can get help, always get a second opinion or advice that can help, and different situations need the correct type of advice from certain people that you can trust.

When searching for advice there are certain people that can help you better than others and certain situations over others. Friends, if they are true and care about you, are very reliable sources to get another view point or another perspective. They are trust worthy and since they are in the same age group as you they can relate to you better than others. If you have an idea that needs some more additions to it, friends are a good source for recommendations. The only problem with friends is that if they are fake and dont really care about you, that can lead you to fail and ruin your ideas and get the wrong advice. Make sure they are true, loyal, and caring friends that want you to succeed before getting their advice. Apart from fake friends, there are no alternative problems with getting advice from friends. There is a chance they don't know how to add to your idea or to help you make a decision which can be a problem and cause you to go to someone else for advice. Friends are a very helpful asset and can help you decide better with other view points and perspectives or complete an idea that needed extra reinforcements to it and wasn't finished.

Another good person to get advice from is your family members, preferably your parents. They are very trustworthy and would let you share anything with them no matter the situation. They are the people that you build the strongest relationship with. This makes it easier to share personal things with them. If you are in a situation where you have made a mistake, most likely they would be forgiving and would be happy to give you advice if it helps you. They also carry lots of experience and can help you by sharing similar experiences and how they overcame them. This type of advice can be very helpful when facing hard and stressful times. For example when you are getting bullied and you ask your parents for advice, they can share a past experience with bullies and that can help you overcome the bully. They have an advantage when giving advice over other people because they have a close relationship with you, known you your entire life, and knows you personally. They have been there for you your entire life and will continue to support you till the end. This is why family members and especially parents are good sources to get advice from.

Finally the trained professionals for the specific situation your in. If your struggling in math, you get advice from your math teacher. If its science, then your science teacher and likewise for other subjects, but the top one that can help you more all around in terms of needing advice are counselors. They are trained to work in terms of social work and situations. This makes them the best person at school for advice. They cannot tell what you tell them to other people unless given permission. Their job is literally to give advice to you and help you in anyway you need assistance. They are also a trusted adult with experience which can be very helpful when receiving advice from them. If you are ever having problems at school and you don't feel comfortable telling other people because its personal, then go get advice from a counselor. It can be anything your having problems with or just to get someone else perspective on something. They will not judge you if you say something to them. this can make it easier to talk to them. They are an extremely reliable source for advice and getting another perspective on something. Counselors are there to help you and give advice, take advantage of that when you need to.

When having trouble or needing another viewpoint about something, you should always get advice from someone. It becomes even better when you get advice from multiple sources. Good and reliable sources to get advice from are friends, parents and family members, and trained professionals for the subject you need advice for, preferably counselors. When you get advice from multiple people, it's like reinforcing an idea or decision your about to make. The stronger the advice is the better the decision making and idea forming will be. When looking for advice, it is best to always get multiple people to give you their opinion and perspectives.