Technology is a big part of today's society. I feel that technology is over used. People today are finding ways to have technology do simple tasks for us. For example, instead of using a book, a student looks at a screen all day. Now the idea of autnomous cars has been around for a few years. I am not for autonmous cars because texting while driving will increase, jobs at gas stations will decrease, and it will cause people of the future to become less active than they already are.

In today's society, texting and driving is another issue we have. If a person is in an autonomous car and are only needed when the car cannot navigate through certain driving conditions, the driver could text much more leading to wrecks caused by drivers texting. Therefore, the autonomous care being unsafe for the roads.

If autonomous cars begin to get popular, jobs at gas stations will begin to decrease. In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming", it states "The cars he, Sergey Brin, foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis..." This statement indicates that there will be less gas needed to put into this autonomous car which will lead to gas stations around cities will lessen. Some may say that is a plus because they don't have do pay twenty dollars to put in gas every week; however, I believe that if these autonomous cars come about, the need for gas will be less and jobs will be lost. Without people needing a whole lot of gas, what's the point in multiple gas stations around town?

People in today's society are already inactive as it is with all the technology that is available. For example, there is shopping online so they don't have to leave home and cellular phones and computers to connect with people without leaving home. The companies trying to manufature the autonomous car will be another advanced technology that will make today's people even more inactive. It seems today with all of these technology, the world will soon be over ran by all of these techonologies. Therefore, the manufacturers should not continue making devices such as the autonomous car.

In conclusion, I am not for autonomous cars because texting while driving will increase, jobs at gas stations will decrease, and people in the future will become less active than they already are.