As I admit that the concept of a driverless vehicle is interesting and sounds very cool. Although, I can not agree that a driveless car would be safe for the public in any way shape or form. What if a problem comes up, and we need to take action ourselves? Would this car be expensive to produce? Do we really need a driveless car? This concept needs to be tossed away and we need to focus on the now instead of the later.

Safety is a big concern we have in our country. how do we keep people safe? Driveless cars will only add to this concern. In paragraph 9 the author states "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" this statement sparks a concern for people. What if the technology fails? how will we be able to stop an accident in a car that drives it self? We need to think that if there is a mistake in the programming of the car or the production, that a person life is at stake. This is a good reason why these cars shouldn't be produced and that is for the risk that we could lose people to somehting we won't have control over.

Another safety hazard is the unthinkable accidents. Anything can happen, and when somehting occurs how will this driverless car respond? In paragrph 7, the author states that the car will alert the driver to take control if there are work zones or to move the car around an accident. Those are things we can expect to happen but what about the the things we may not expect? How will the car alert us if the unknown happens? If there was a construction mishap and a beam falls down to hit the road, the car wouldn't have enought time to alert us.

We wouldnt have the time to react to such an event quickly enough.\

When an accident happens, who will be at fault, the driver or the manufacturer? As a new way to get around comes out, we need to make laws for the driving speed limits and other things. If a driverless car came on to the scene, what would happen in a accident? who would be at blame for the accident. It's a serious question that needs to be answered. It cant be the drivers because they had no control. At the same time it can't be the one who made the car either, depending on the accident. This car isn't safe for us. How will we even decide the laws for driving if its a car that drives it's self?

The idea of a driveless car is interesting and it's futuristic. We may someday have the capablities to even construct a car that can. Even so, There is too much bad that can happen and to many questions on how will we even react to these situations. So the idea can wait and we can focus on much more important things inour society that need fixing today.                