Should all students be required to do an extracurricular activity? Yes, I do agree that all students should do some form of activity. There are many types of after school activities that students can participate in, including clubs, sports, debate teams, and so much more. I myself have done so many extracurricular activities. So many I couldn't count them all. I do believe that all students should do a extracurricular activity because, it can improve friendships and social interaction, encourage good exercise and motivation in work, study, and nutrition habits, and make it easier for students with health problems to interact with other kids their age and feel involved.

Friends are very important in our lives. When were kids mostly everyone finds that one person who you can laugh with, make jokes with, have your own secret language, and just be kids! If you ever had that one person, think back to how you met them. Did you just bump into them going down the street and all of a sudden ya'll were best friends? That might be a slight possibility but fighting the odds you most likely met your childhood best friend by doing something that you like to do. Thats right an activity! Children need best friends and whether they try out for the football team or join the debate team, I do believe that you will find a new best friend.

Although friends and a very important thing in a stable childhood, exercise and motivation has just as much as a positive or negative consequence on your life. Motivation is a enormous thing that can push you to do anything that you want to do. Joining teams and clubs will not only make you friends but give you peers and trusted adults that will be right behind you for whatever you choose to do. Motivation is also the key to exercise. exercising as a kid will keep you a happy and healthy person for years to come. As the years do come youll find yourself in great habits, keeping yourself healthy. Healthy habits are not the only thing. Its proven that the happier and healthier you are the more you may put into your life. If you just sit on the couch all day not doing anything, your not going anywhere with your life. Good exercise and good motivation are very important things and inheriting those traits just from joining a sport or club, is a huge win.

Now lets talk about the children who are physical and mentally challenged. Yes, they might not have the same mindset as you and me, or can't move some part of their body, but that does not mean that they shouldnt have just as much as a chance as you and me. I think incouringing special education students to enjoy the wonders of childhood are just as important as it was for everyone else in the world. When you involve these children, at that second they won't see that their different, they will see that their with kids their age having fun. Because their kids, they should have equal opportunities as other kids. Let them join that sports team if they are willing to do and and have their mind set on what they want to do. Who is to stop them?

As more and more children start to do extracurricular activities more and more will follow. So Yes, I do believe that children should be pushed to do extracurricular activities, because if they dont, they might have just given up a huge part of their childhood that they might never get back. As you get older you might still have that best friend still sticking around, or you might still have those study habits and healthy habits, or you might have had been a person that decided to be such a kind person and have that special education kid join your friend group as because you knew everyone needs a friend. No matter what it is, all their is to know is that you gained something so positive that will be stuck with you for decades.   