We drive places all the time. Everytime you turn your car on you pollute the atmosphere. There are many reasons for why we need to cut back on cars. Starting with how much the parking spots cost in cities,The pollution in our atmosphere, and the crowding of all the cars .There are way to many people on the roads.

First, Vaubans streets are completely car free,(Author Elizabeth Rosental, paragraph 2). As a result of going car free,70 percent of Vaubans families do not have cars , and 57 percent have moved here and sold their cars because of it(Paragraph3). When i had a car i was always tense. Im way much happier this way, said (Heidrum walter,a media trainer and mother of two). Parking spots can cost up to 40,000 dollars a year. Why spend that!

Even though some streets are completely car free some are not. The pollutin is going straight up in to our atmosphere. Paris enforced a driving ban to clear the air of the global city to help out(source 2,paragraph 10). People were getting tickets becuase they were using them way to much (paragraph 12). I cant beleive that just because of cutting out ussage of some cars people are experiencing nicer days all around in the atmosphere. Beijing,China is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world(source 2, paragraph 14).Wow, thats some shocking statistics!

The crowding of all the automobiles is out the roof! Whats most interesting is the amount of cars per family ,says Michael sivak,paragraph33).If this pattern persists it will be a huge affect on the world we live in(paragraph 34).They understand that some people need them for there jobs , they just want us to help and save when we can(paragraph43). This is going to help the generations to come.

Last, the costs of the parking spots for cars in the city,the pollution going into our atmosphere , and the crowding of cars is going to hurt our kids in a stronger affect one day. We need to help out when we can and do what it takes. It takes some time but we need to stand together and win this battle. Start car pooling with other families to bring the kids to sports and school. We all need to work together!                                 