Should summer projects be student-designed or teacher-designed? Most students have to do summer projects for various different classes to ensure that knowledge they collected over the school year isn't lost over the summer. The question is, who should come up with the projects design? I'd say the design of a project would be the topic of the project, the benefit of the project, and the main task that doing the project should accomplish. Students should be the ones choosing the project design because they are the ones completing the project.

Students don't want a teacher picking out projects for them to do. Teachers sometimes pick boring things to do thinking that it will teach students lessons. Most kids don't like to focus on things unless they are interested. Kids have a better imagination. I believe a kid would be able to come up with a project that would check all the boxes of a education based project, while still making it interesting and fun. People only learn things when they are actually listening. Kids don't like sitting and listening to something that isn't made interesting. Every topic can be made into an interesting learninig experience, you just have to have the right outlook on it. I believe young people have the right outlook on life and other stuff with a little bit of guidance.

Furthermore, the student is the one taking their time out of their summer break to do a project, nobody wants to do that! If the project is teacher-designed and it's boring, the chances are, the kid isn't going to do it. The student isn't going to do it especially if they have fun, summer things to do. A student can for sure come up with a fun project to complete, so why let the teacher assign it? The teacher isn't going to care about if the assignment is entertaining, or boring, because they aren't the one having to complete the assignment! Therefore, most teachers won't make the assignment entertaining because, they don't see boring assignments as a problem for students. The strategy of students designing their own project also teaches structure and organization. It's almost like the student is teaching themselves. Organization and structural skills are needed for a person to be succesful in the real world. I believe most classes should be student based, with a little bit of guidance from the teacher. Students should be more independent and given more trust.

The reason most students end up just not doing an assignment is because it's boring. I know for myself it's very hard to bring myself to do something that bores me. Students need to be kept interested or else no learning will come out of the teaching. Interest is a very important part of learning. Hearing a lesson and listening to a lesson are two different things. Teachers aren't trusting enough of students. Students and young people are capable of more things than adults and teachers give them credit for. Students are very capable of coming up with their own project and their own way of learning with a little bit of teacher guidance, to keep everything reasonable and not crazy. Young people have a different outlook on everything that adults. Young people have the ablility to make anything and everything fun. Young people don't get enough credit for that. Adults find kids wanting to have fun all the time irresponsable, but I think it makes everything better and easier.

Some people say that teachers should design projects and assignments to keep order and have no chaos in the classroom, but I believe the student should design the projects because it teaches organization and it keeps the student interested. Students have the abiity to entertain themselves and make things fun, and that is why I believe students should design their own summer projects. This should be implemented into classes because I think this strategy would be succesful and beneficial. Students would learn more with this strategy. 