Dear Mr. principal,

Are air is polluted, and were need a cleaner environment to help created a better earth but in order to perform that i think we must have a leader to more than enforce the rules but to make a big impact upon us. to teach us that we can all lead to become leaders of are county but in those points we need boundaries to tell us how it can and should be done.

community services does not have to take up to much of a students. Time though it very important! Lets reason this out here this country, world is on an over 6.5 million people in population here and, still growing! But only if you could or we would all pick up 6 pieces or even that one piece of garbage there are country and that of are world would be cleaner.

we don't have to exactly force are students but we should not only recommend are students but make it apart of daily curriculum at school it apart of a plan to make are nation and are world a better place for the next up coming advances for not only the future but for the generation yet to be expected. it teaches the students self-discipline i believe.

not every thing is about the worth of pay."oh'? if i get paid ill do this ,No! that is not the way. what would have happened if the natives of the first walkers dint take care of that America we all die to dine at to day. we would and can have more of a rotten earth well that's before the European's took over of course. are world is deasead world sick world and very polluted in air it is no good to bring down the only form that hold every thing together and had worsen over age.

When i here the term embrace the future it excites the very atom of my being but how could dare embrace the future when the very future that awaits you is a dirty one a torn apart one. It will be no good of a future if we cant maintain it own history1

community services should be not only recommended but enforced in are daily lives!

this earth of are has a different approach to nature and its own stormy ruins if we do help it i will ruin us slow but quickly we will dissapare in to earths thin mist. nothin buts dus