When asking for advice is can be easier it make a choice if you multiple opinions. having more than one opinion can help u decide if it will be a good chose, and this is why. sometimes you can have a hard time trying to see if you well like some thing or see if is a good chose. so getting more then one opinion you can see how many people like/dislike what you had asked. That will help because if you liked it and the people you asked liked it, you know you should get it, but if you can't decide if u like it or not you should ask and if there are more nos then yes'es then not get it.

For example, you are going to prom and you can't chose between two dresses they are yellow and blue, you need help but for a fact you know you like the yellow one but you think you will get made fun of. So you ask the people you trust the most,and they tell you that you should not go off of what other people would say, so you pick the yellow and you looked amazing in it. Those people help you make a better choice then picking the one you did not like that is y it is good to ask for more then one opinion. Because Making it on your own sometime you dont pick the right choice.

Asking for multiple opinion has pros and cons like if you like something and u ask and most people say no is kind of makes you sad. A pro would be when you like something and you get all good things back in return like so many good comments or you get asked where you got it from. But asking for someone else opinion is not always going to go as you want. Sometime they help you make a good chose but other time they dont help at all, but it is always got to keep someone elses thought in mind just for some hep or feedback. Otherpeoples opinions are inportant and they can help you.

Most inprtently you should alwys keep in mind that other people's opinion can help you alot it can help you make good desisions or they could help you make not so good desisions, you are the only on who can do you. opinions can help you make choices you thought you would of never do. But that is a good thing tryng new stuff is a goo thang. You are the only one who can thos opinion come true.