Dear (Senator of Florida),

In my opinion I believe the electoral college shall not remain the same and that we should change the election to the popular vote. I believe that the electoral college and the process in which it takes for a president to get elected isn't fair. Like stated in the article if you lived in Texas and wanted to vote for 'John Kerry' you would also be voting for his slate of 34 Democratic electors which would gain him 34 electoral votes. The electors could be anyone depending on what state it is and not always can voters control whom their electors vote for. Sometimes people don't know or get confused about the electors and vote for the candidate the was possibly not in their favour. A negative aspect of the Electoral college is that you can be off for about one vote or so and if the other candidate looks like it has majority they would give it to them. Sometimes they have to recount votes and check over them again because they are unsure or have new votes coming in. The worst thing is when you have a tie in the electoral college which is possible it rarely ever occured in the popular vote. In the popular vote you either win by majority or lose because you didn't have enough votes or more votes than your opponent.

The electoral college is unfair to voters because of the winner take all system that in each state the candidates on go to the states in which they believe that they have a strong amount of votes. The electoral college is agreed to be unfair, irrational, and outdated. In order for the country to continue growing and increase in the economy and so forth you don't need a president who is the most liked you need one who you believe will run the country and be able to fulfull the demands you would like for the country. Romney had most of the south votes yet Obama still won the election due to his excellence in presidency and the small states and a few large states added up together to let him win. Just becasue a president has over rule on the South states or north doesn't mean they are guaranteed to win the election. I believe in my opinion it isn't true that a large state gets more attention in a campaign than the smaller states because Obama went to small states and large states to campaign in not just the large states. Going back to Romney who went to the southern states and fairly larger states to receive majority vote. So due to the fact that there are many downsides to the electoral college I say it shall be abolished and that the popular vote from now on shall determine whether you are president or not.    