Letting public school students take online classes could impact better for them in the long run. Students would not have any sort of distraction from other students. After finishing the online class for the day students would have more time to do what they need to do at home or at work, There is a possibility that students could struggle by not getting face to face help from a teacher. Students could benefit from attending online classes because they would not have any distraction from others around them and afterwards would have more time to focus on things at home; however, it could get hard by not getting the help they want from an actual computer during any time of the day.

First, students would focus more on their selves with no one around to bother them. At public schools students would make many friends, which is not a bad thing, but would be too distracted to do what they need too get done. For example, students with mental issues and any sort of problems could take online classes rather than dealing with kids at school who could cause them not to do their work. Sometimes kids do not like having so many other students around them and decide they think it would be better to stay at home and take their classes where they find it more comfortable the most. Some students may like the idea of staying home and doing online classes and others may feel the total opposite and want to go out, but they should know it would have a better outcome for their selves.

Secondly, after students take their classes online they would have more time than they would going to a public school. when finishing the classes the students can do whatever they needed to to at home, or if they have work. For example, some students may have a really good paying job and would rather focus more on that then going to a public school that would take up most of their day. Some students might have to do chores at home, or have to help with family every day. Students should have more time out of their day to do things that they enjoy to do and what they need to do rather than spending more than half of their day sitting in a classroom.

On the other hand, there are students who need more of a face to face help than only getting the contact they need from a person through a device. The student and teacher and or computer, may only have a limited time to receive help. For example, teachers who have kids at home would have to limit their time with a student so they can take care of their own kids. Students may not get all the information that they need by staying online than by getting it in person. Sometimes students would not want to have to stay at home while not enjoying taking online classes and would prefer to stay in school and get the help and information they need.

Finally, students should take online classes even if they do not think it would help them. Staying at school can cause them to stay distracted by their friends and everyone around them. Students would enjoy the extra time at home to do what they need. When not able to get the face to face help during anytime of the day could be a struggle that they would have to pass. Students would be able to benefit from online classes because they would not have any distraction from others and afterwards students would have more time to focus on the things they need to do at home or at work; however, it could become hard by not getting face to face help during anytime of the day.