When I got involved in the Seagoing Cowboys program, it allowed me to do many things I had never done before, and go places I had never seen. If I hadn't of joined the program I would have had to stay where I lived and would've never seen the places such as China, the Panama Canal, Italy, Europe, and Acropolis.

Being a Seagoing Cowboy, I was able to see the other side of the story from people on the other side of the world. When I lived in America, al So, I joined in on the Seagoing Cowboy program, thinking that just maybe, I would be able to make a difference in this world. Having prior knowledge about what exactly "hard work"

I was able to get many things accomplished that other people in that program that normally people wouldn't be able to do. Besides just helping devastated people with their homes destroyed from the battles of World War two, I was also able to have unique adventures to places that you don't typically go to everyday. Besides from that, when I was on my second year of being a Seagoing Cowboy, I was serving as night watchman. I was making my hourly reports to check on the animals every hour when I had slipped on the ladder and I went feet first towards an opening on the side of the ship. Luckily, a strip of metal along the edge of the boat had caught my fall and kept me from flying over the edge into the dark Atlantic ocean. Altough I had a few cracked ribs from the inccedent, I was able to find some sort of fun to do while I was waiting for the animals to be unloaded. All of the cowboys decided to get together and play baseball and volleyball in the empty stalls where the animals had been. We also found games to do like table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and game helped us pass time. Not only that, but being a Seagoing Cowboy was much more than just an adventure for me. It opened up a whole new world for me. I'm grateful for the opportunity. It made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. Being able to see this, I was able to recruit many international students and exchange visitors for years, and maybe, you will too.

With some background knowledge and determination, eventually you will be able to become a Seagoing Cowboy too.