When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. In my opinion I think that it is best to ask for advice from not just one person. People ask for advice on many ideas, this is because they want to hear others opinions so they can make the better choice.

First, when people ask me for advice, I am very straight forward with the person, this is because I want them to hear my honest opinion so they can make the better choice. People normally ask someone they can trust because, people want a honest opinion. People normally ask for different opinions because the person wants their opinion and multiple opinions so they can make the better choice.

Nevertheless, in my opinion I believe it is best for someone to get multiple opinions because they want to hear about other people's opinions. For example,

Generic_Name asks Generic_Name if he likes her idea and Generic_Name gives his honest opinion, Generic_Name then is going to go to Generic_Name to hear her opinion. This is because everyone wants to hear one person's opinion, then they will go and hear someone else opinion, this is because they want to hear multiple opinions so they can make they better choice.

Lastly, in my opinion I think it is best for someone to hear multiple opinions because someone may not be sure about one opinion and another opinion so they would go to someone else and hear another opinion, after that they should be able to make the better choice. People may ask about if their appearance is good, if their grades are good in school, and where they should travel during the summer. When someone asks for advice the best thing to do is give them your honest opinion so they can make the better choice after hearing multiple opinions.

In conclusion, when people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person, this is because they want to hear multiple opinions so they can make the better choice. People can ask for multiple opinions this is because they want to make the best choice.