In 2009 Google created "driverless cars". They weren't fully independant but they were the beginning of something great. Driverless cars will save the lives of people who would otherwise die in a car crash. Driverless cars will create jobs for people who need jobs. People are getting lazier and lazier, and they don't want to drive themselves anymore. Driverless cars are the future.

Car crashes are caused when a driver isn't paying attention or they are intoxicated. This could mean the driver was texting, eating, changing the radio station, or even falling asleep at the wheel. With driverless cars people will be able to do whatever they want while the car is driving without worrying about crashing. They could text all they want or even sleep. The driver just needs to be prepared to take over the wheel if the driverless car runs into a roadblock and needs to go on a detour or needs to be parked. Driverless cars will take people who are out with freinds anywhere they want to go. Having friends in the car with you is one of the most distracting things to a driver, with all the talking and laughing. Things can go bad really fast. These cars will also help keep intoxicated drivers off the road. Some driverless cars can independantly complete ninety percent of the tasks required. This will get an intoxicated person very close to their home if not all the way there.

Driverless cars will create jobs. Jobs in programing, design, manufacturing, and upkeep of the cars. Some might say that driverless cars will take more jobs than it gives. These people say that taxi drivers and bus drivers will lose their jobs. Yes, that is most likely true but they will create so many more jobs. The amount of jobs created will be more than the ones lost. As Spock once said "The needs of the many outway the needs of the few, or the one."

People are getting lazier and lazier, they don't want to drive themselves anywhere anymore. This is one of the reasons that we need driverless cars. As society evolves we see that people are getting lazier. Lazy people don't want to drive anywhere. This is where driverless cars come in. Driverless cars will take lazy people who don't pay attention to their destination safely and without accident. People might say that driverless cars end up making people lazier by allowing them to do little to nothing and still get where they want to go. Yes, people might get lazier but it is better than people dying form crashing their car.

Driverless cars will save lives of people who would otherwise die in a car crash. Driverless cars will create jobs for people who need jobs. Driverless cars will also help people who are very lazy. These reasons and many others is why we need driverless cars. Driverless cars are the future.