The world is becoming more connected than ever, mostly thanks to inventions like the internet. A very important question is whether schools should embrace the possibility of becoming more online focused, or continue with traditional in person learning. Online classes open up many opportunities for students, and it's educational potential should be utilized. Having online classes can benefit not only students, but also teachers. They allow for more flexibility for students with busy schedules, make it easier for sick students to stay involved, and ensure that students are familiar with technology.

Schools offering online classes would make sure that students who have jobs or other things that they need to do don't fall behind in school. Having online classes allow students to work on assignments wherever they have access to the internet. This could be during a lunch break at work, or late at night after a busy day. Traditional schools have the same hours as a standard job, and a student who needs to work should be able to go to their job and still attend school. Online classes could also allow for students to travel and not miss valuable lessons in school. Students have responsibilities outside of school, and timing shouldn't prevent them from getting an education.

Another benefit of online classes is that students don't miss lessons because they are sick. They can learn from their bed while dealing with a cold and not have to decide between taking care of themselves and staying on pace in class. In more extreme examples students dealing with more severe health issues won't fall behind nearly as much when they miss large chunks of school. In addition to this, students with mental health issues can decide to stay home and still do the schoolwork they are assigned. Stress, depression, and anxiety levels are at an all time high and giving students the ability to work in an environment they're comfortable with can help.

In addition to these last two reasons, online school familiarizes both students and teachers with technology. Technology is a constant of modern day life, and people need to know how to use it well. Having online classes helps students develop skills that weren't previously taught. For example, their typing ability would most likely be much better, and they would be comfortable using the internet for things like research or communication. An increasing amount of companies are using technology in the workplace, and schools need to prepare students for that. Online classes also help teachers develop skills that they didn't previously have, as the majority of them didn't grow up using the internet.

In a world more focused on technology than ever, schools need to adapt and offer online classes to their students. They allow for more flexibility for students with busy schedules, make it easier for sick students to stay involved, and ensure that students are familiar with technology. However, this does not mean that school should be strictly online. The option to attend class online benefits many students, but some prefer traditional schooling. Online school would also have to structure itself differently to prevent cheating. Smaller assignments could be done online, but tests may have to be taken in classrooms to stop students from cheating. While online classes may not be for everyone, the option should be presented as the benefits are too great to ignore.