Some students would prefer distance learning, and some would rather have traditional classroom learning. Distance learning is an alternative to attending school physically where students can take their classes from home. These classes can be taken online or through video confrencing. Distance learning is more independent for the student than attending traditonal classes. Distance learning would not be beneficial to students because many students will not be able to finish their work, the quality of learniing will not be as high, and the students will not have physical classroom experience.

With the option of distance learning many students may not be able to finish their work. This could result because there is no teacher physically present to hold the student accountable. For example, if the student knows that he or she will not have to face the teacher after not completing their work and that there will be no consequences, they will not be worried about having incomplete assignments. Another downside is that students prone to procrastination will not have continuous guidance of their teacher available to help them finish their work. Additionally, students may not learn how to prioritize their assignments, and they will have to make their own lesson plans in a way. Giving students this much freedom over their assignments could affect them negatively in all these ways.

It will also be harder for students to learn because the quality of education they will receive from distance learning will be lower. With online courses such as these a 'one size fits all' approach is taken and the student is not thought of as an unique individual with unique needs. For instance, one student may be able to pick up on concepts quite easily, but someone else may need a teacher or other individual to explain the concept to them if they don't get it, however that may not be provided. Another downgrade with this learning method is that teachers will not be avaliable to help students when they need it. Furthermore, the teacher can only help one student at a time with video confrencing which will result in them possibly answering the same questions multiple times; specifically, when many students have the same question and the teacher is not able to address the whole class.

Another way distance learning is not ideal is the lack of physical classroom experience is that it will leave students with little physical classroom experience which would affect them in the future. Distance learning would make students unable to collaborate with their peers, and give them less opportunities to make friends, possibly leaving them antisocial. Many people make most of their friends through school because it allows people to meet new people everyday. Lack of group work opportunites could also make students have poor teamwork skills. Moreover, students might not be able to adapt to certain workplace dynamics which are similar to a classroom. For example, they might become so used to working independently without supervision that they have a hard time having to answer to a manager or supervisor in a future job. Overall, lack of physical classroom experience could leave students with a lack of people skills and teamwork skills in the future.

Some people may think that distance learning would be beneficial to students, but that just is not the case. Some individuals believe that learning from home would allow students to work at their own pace. Some even say it results in less anxiety. However, working from home makes it easy for students to get sidetracked, and leaves students with little guidance from a teacher. Distance learning would do more harm than good for students because students will have a harder time finishing their work, the quality of their education will be lower in standard, and they will not have an adequate amount of physical classroom experience. 