The driverless car seems like an interesting invention that could possibly keep drivers safe and form good habits, but what if it just makes the problem worse?

The driverless car is new to us and it might give us a hand on the road. There is also the possibility that the cars malfunction or don't respond to commands. These cars are part of the age of technology and we all know that it's not always helpful.

Smart cars take a long time to assemble and adjust to. With all of the sensors, motion sensors, and a GPS, there hass to be something on the car that hasn't been looked over. The GPS has to update to be aware of it's own surroundings. That may seem like a handy feature but GPS's aren't always right and this could lead to trouble.

The sensors in the car are able to detect danger on the roads but they can only detect a certain distance away. In the 1980s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels to detect out-of-control skids and rollovers. They have advanced to be able to signal the brakes when this happens. These operations stilll need improvements though.

The big problem nowadays is texting and driving. The roads are a lot more dangerous with people constantly getting distracted on the road and this has caused many injuries and deaths. Now how would a car that can operate itself, help to get rid of these habits? The answer is, they don't! Allowing drivers to take it easy on the roads and be lazy isn't going to help anything. Adding alarms to the car can lower accindent rates but people shouldn't need to be alarmed of danger. Driver's should be watching the roads like a hawk does it's prey. Adding safety features can only do so much to keep someone safe. What is needed most is a feature that can break these habits of bad drivers. "Some manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. While the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver."

That's actually a good thing to make sure people behave right when driving. If the driver forms better habits, then we wont have a thing to worry about. Sensors to detect pedestrians and other cars coming provide better transportation and lower accident rates. "Most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe." With these new advancements to personal transport, we are making the world a little safer.

That doesn't mean that we saved the world from the apocalypse or anything.