Have you ever heard of the process of electoral college? As stated in paragraph two of the article  source one ''does the electoral college work?'' by the office of the federal register it is a process in which the selection of the electors,the meeting of the electors where they vote for the new upcoming president and vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress. Many citizens or congress men are for and against the electoral college process. I am in favor of keeping the electoral college because they are chose, not just how much the voters like them but their cababilities so more modern. Also more reliable.

To begin with, I am in favor of keeping the electoral college because it is more reliable than election by popular vote. When you vote for the presidential election you help select your state's electors when you vote for president of your choice because when you vote for your candidate your actually voting for your candidates electors. As stated in paragraph six in source one. Also these electors aren't just every day people they are carryfully selected to take place in these events. For example, you walk into your local precint to vote on the fourth year on the tuesday after the first monday in november. You enter your voting booth and vote for the president of your choice, so you think. You are actually voting for your states electors. so thats one of the reasons why we should keep the electoral college.

In addition, I am in favor of keeping the electoral college because it is more modern,accurate and reliable. Most people vote for the president of there choice becuase of what they say theyll while in presidency, or how good they look, rescent experince, and how much they like that perticular president. Do you really want some one who knows nothing about the president of thier choice but how good they look,to vote for the the next leader of our country. As stated in paragraph eight in source one it states that the electors represnt our vote and choosse president accordingley. For example, a women walks into her local pricent and decides to vote for the president that looks better that isnt an ancurate vote cause she just voted for the president she likes and what if want to run this country into the ground. so thats why I am in favor of keeping the electoral college.

To conclude, because the electoral college is more reliable and more accuerate is why i am in favor of keeping the electoral college. So on that fourth year on the tuesday after the first monday of november you go into to make your vote make a wise choice and remeber your voting for your state's electors.            