So when you are making a decision you always ask other people advice and what they think. If you ask more people then you can see their opinions and have a better idea on what to do. When you ask many people for their opinions you compare it with yours and get a better and more precise answer. Like, if you are getting a shoe, then you ask other people on their opinions on what you should get. When you ask many people you have many options on what to get. You can look at their opinions and see whats the perfect shoe and get it based on opinions and advice. You should always listen to yourself and what you like but asking other people can help you think on what your decision and opinion.

When your asking other peoples opinions, your looking at what most people said. If most people had the same answer its probably a good choice and has reasoning behind it. The more people you ask for their opinions and more options you'll get. That means the more of a specific and better answer. The more people you ask the more it improves your decision. You also feel better on your decision if you ask more people,then you can feel like your doing the right thing. Let's say if your buying a hoodie, and you want to know if the hoodie looks good. You ask other people about it, and if most people say that it looks good you feel good about your purchase.

If you want someone's advice and you only ask one person, that's won't be as much as good advice if you asked many people. If you want to know what song you should listen to, and you ask one person and they tell you something way different from yours, and which you don't like. It wouldn't be a good option for you. If you ask 10 people and they give you a lot of variety you can have options. It better because if you ask one person you have no variety, but if you ask more people you have variety and options.

It's just better to ask multiple people for their opinions then one person. If you only ask one person, you might get a biased answer. If you ask multiple people, maybe a few are biased but you've still got a few other who won't have a biased answer. When your doing a experiment you do many trials because one might mess up, and if do a few trials one will succeed and will have a precise answer. It's the same thing with this that you need more than one opinion and that if you want a precise answer.

In conclusion, I think that if you were to ask someone advice, then you should ask multiple people for their opinions to make a better choice. It has helps your decision and gives you options and leads to a more precise answer. It is better than only asking one person then many people.