I think policy 1 is the best way to settle students with cell phones. For example, some kids play sports and have long practices after school and they need someone to pick them up. If they don't have their cell phone with them they have no way to get a-hold of their parents. As long as students phones stay in their backpacks and they are turned off so that they don't disturb class it should be fine. They should only be able to use them in free time when not doing work and have permission by a teacher. If the students start to abuse these rules then that should be when cell phones are no longer allowed in school. If a student was to get sick and need to get in touch with his\her parent they could use their cell phone , but only if given permission by a teacher. That would keep a lot of students from all coming in the office to use the phone to call parents. Exam time is when we have a lot of parents to come check out kids and some kids forget to tell their parents the time. If students could use their cell phones during necessary times then students could text or call their parents. Being able to use phones here at school would save the school , teachers , students , and parents a lot of time. Parents wouldn't have to call the school to say that their child needs to ride bus 07-2 for example they could just text their child and save the people in the office some time. We all know that you and the vice principal have a lot of running around the school to do during the day. If we was to get out of school early for bad weather one day parents could text or call their children to tell them where to go or get off that day. That would save a lot of phones calls and confusion on those day. In every school no matter where it is located students bring their phones to school everyday. Why not let them use it and not get into trouble? Students sneek their phones to call and sometimes they go off and they get took up and parents have to waste time to come get them. Letting students use them would save parents from having to come down here and waste gas on a cell phone. I have given you my main reason why I believe cell phones would not just help but save us some time. I

hope that I have strongly showed you how much I think students should be able to use cell phones in school.

Thank you