In my opinion, the summer project should be a student-designed. I take this certain position on the question because students can explain what they've learned in their own way. I would be easier for the student to do the project of a topic that they are comfortable with. If the student can choose what they want the project to be about then, its a possibility that they would want to do the project more rather than if the teacher was picking it. I also feel that if the student might not be confident in all of the material they have learned, there is a possibility they could have something that they are strong in and they can choose to do their project on that topic.

Don't you want the student to inform you on what they have learned since school ended? This is why I feel this project should be student-designed. I think that if the student chooses what they want their project to be on, the school would see what each individual student has learned truly. If the teacher was to design the same project for each student to do, it wouldn't show how every student has each learned something different. If every student does a different project or does a different way of doing their project, it would show how much the school cares about what they have learned.

It would also be easier for the student to do the project on a topic they are comfortable with. If a student is confident in certain things, they can do the project on one of those topics. It would be hard to do a project on something that the teacher designed if the student didn't understand it that much. It could've been hard for the student to grasp the concept and if they picked it themselves it would save them the trouble of struggling to do the project. So basically, If you would want the students to do the project, it would be best to let them choose.

Some students do really like the idea of doing projects. I believe if they are able to chose what to do their project on, they would actually do the project. Students tend to not like to do projects that teachers assign them. It could be a possibility that it's because its not interesting enough for them to care. So if you really want the students to do the project, I suggest you let them choose. In fact, you'd never know if you would be intrigued by what each student learned.

In conclusion, my position is that the project should be student-designed. As I am bringing my ideas together it makes since because they want to know what the students have learned, so they should let the students show them. However, if they were to choose teacher-designed, they wouldn't get much feedback of what the students learned, in my opinion. So my position is student-designed.        