I think that the students at the school shouldn't be off a team or not play sports with a grade B average in the school since most of the students in the school have C averages which means the teams would most likely be cut down by a large amount.

This now will show how this new rule will play on the students in the school and how they feel by this rule because at least half of the school would be off teams. And with it maybe half of the good people have a C average that means you lost you teams and you wouldn't have a good team and you would lose a lot of the matches.

The reason why this shouldn't be put into affect is because the school pretty much would leave the teams the good people would be off the teams and then people wouldn't have anything to do. And the people in the school must not like this new rule mostly because that most of the school don't have a B average only a C and then what would you do if people just started to leave. Then you would have to change the rule or else they would get a B get on a team and then they would have a C next test then they would be off the team, which means people wouldn't even want to try out anymore. And then you would still have no team which is even worse then the coaches have no jobs now your losing employees, and that's you way of making money.

Now the affect of this must be hard for the students because it would also affect there social life too because the way that most people meet them is by sports because if they are good they would talk and become friends. But now only the sport teams would have friends because everyone else would be alone, and with that it would take a while for people to finally talk to each other and one place to do that is during sport games or practices. And then you would make them feel lonely too which is even worse then not playing sports and if they don't have a phone and there friends are on the team you blocked communications too, and of course I could go on and on but I won't that my affect it had on the kids

And now the affect on your teachers is also a big thing because you won't have any one to work for you or even be a coach for that one team and then when people here about not having a coach they won't go to the school until there are good teachers at the school. And now what i think is the worst thing is if there are no people coming into the school then the last grade graduates and then no students so then you have to close down because, of that all and then you would have thought to yourself "I should have lifted that one rule for sports". And these are just SOME of the effects of it there can be many more that come along.

And now that I went through that whole thing can you please listen to the students and lift the rule and now that can happen and you know what will happen listen to ME. Now that you have read this I want you to take a good think of it and to now wonder what will happen to you now just think about it. And so I want to end this by saying thank you for listening and I will hope you make the right choice and lift it just think about all the other things that can happen to the school and then what you will be jobless. What would happen just think hard and long if you want to keep the rule or if you want to lift the rule thank you for reading this, i hope you will make the right decision and lift this rule once and for all. So I want to thank you for reading and listening to what i have to say about this rule.