Dear State Senator , I wrote this letter to you to talk about keeping the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote for the President of the United States. My opinion on this intriguing subject is that we should keep the Electoral Collge , my reasons being that voting by a popular vote can sometimes go wrong and we avoid the Run-Off Elections. When its time to pick a new president very few people research about this president and his slate of electors , they just vote for the most apealling to them , the one that is always out and doing meetings, or brunches , or just having a perfect day with their family . People that research or dig deep to find out who they are really voting for .

Let me start by saying that the ones whom created the Electoral College , where our founding fathers , these men are thought as wise and caring for their country. The reason stated why the Electoral College should be kept because popular voting can go wrong. Yes the popular vote of the Electoral College its worth but maybe not that much.  In Defense of the Electoral College : Five reasons to keep our depised method of choosing the President , it states that " But each party...win the national popular vote"(source 3).  Posner is stating that each party picks their electors to be trustworthy , not someone who would do dirty work behind their backs. People go out and vote for our next president and see them running our country , but sometimes people vote for a president for the reasons being that they just want to vote . Its not like the lines outside are not long enough for a person to just go into the voting booth and pick a random president and just leave. People dont actually look behind, search for whom they are votting for .Thats why the Electoral College shouldnt be ruled out , the Electoral College is actually helping out more then we thought. When we least expect it we have a crazy wako running our country , then that would be the time when the people would Notice that they made a huge mistake .

Run-Off elections , sounds like a tedious process. When Run-Off elections occur some people get annoyed , why its a longer process . We get a little bit delayed on finding out on whom the president of the United States is going to be . People want to know who going to be the next president of their country , whos going to try to fix the small little problems the last president left . THose are mainly alll the questions these voters ask. In The Indefensible Electoral College :Why Even the best-laid defenses of the system  are wrong , Bradford states " At the most basic level...in the "swing" states" (source 2). Bradford claims that the candidates dont spend much time in states that they know wont get plenty of votes. Well true but why would they both of theses candidates are running for president they need to get as many votes they can if they are bad or good . Even though we are technically not being fair with theses states why because the candidiates arent paying so much of the their attention and aren't caring for those states votes . This country runs off on what the people want but sometimes are the people being fair?.

Keeping the Electoral College can be a really good thing do to the fact there are people that do know about choosing a president .It's been stated before that some people dont care at all who the next president is, as lonmg as they fix their problems and they have jobs, and good medicare they are perfectly fine who the president is . The Electoral College is like a helping hand .                      