There are countless amount of students every year that oversleep and miss the bus or suffer from bullying because he/she does not fit in with the rest of his or her peers, with online classes these problems can be resolved and many students will benefit. Online classes are much safer than any public school and there is no peer pressure. In addition, online or virtual classes offer more freedom, students will no longer be restricted by school regulations. Lastly, students will get more convenience from online courses, such as more sleep. Online classes are greatly beneficial because it is safer, has more freedom, and is more convenient.

Courses taught at home are much safer than public schools, not there is no peer pressure, no bullying, and no physical fights. Due to bullying occurring in one shape or another in public schools, students will greatly benefit from online classes. Some students suffer greatly from bullying and might think of suicide then the student might or might not seek help, in the other hand, online courses provide a much safer and convenient alternative to public schools. People who are socially awkward will benefit from home school because they will not have to be forced to fit in with others. In addition, there will not be any sort of peer pressure, meaning that students will not be influenced and feel forced to do something such as drugs or other daring bad activities. Lastly in various public schools there are fights occurring and students will benefit from virtual classes because physical fights will never occur and students will not have to worry about getting into trouble or getting injured. In conclusion, attending school from home offers much more safety and benefits for students.

Students get more freedom and benefits out of virtual classes than compared to public schools, students will be able to wear anything in their homes, students decide when to wake up, and students will not be restricted by school county regulations. Students will benefit greatly from being able to choose the time they would like to wake up, students will be able to get eight hours of sleep or more which is recommended for teens. Likewise, students will have the ability to choose what they want to wear because there won't be any school dress codes in a online class. People enrolled in online classes will not be restricted by school regulations granting more benefits such as increased freedom. Students will benefits from increased freedom such as being able to eat, listen to music, or take breaks while you are working on classwork which would normally be prohibited in public schools. Online classes offer more benefits to students than public schools due to an increase in freedom.

Lastly virtual classes is much more convenient than public schools because students will not have to worry about oversleeping, more time to work on homework and class assignments, and parents will save money from online classes. Students will have more time to work on classwork or homework, students will no longer have to rush assignments. Giving more time to work on class assignments will be beneficial, students will not have to stay up late trying to work on homework. Since the students get to decide the time they want to start the course, students will no longer have to worry about oversleeping and missing the buss. In addition virtual classes will benefit parents and students because they will end up saving money, parents will not have to buy clothing as often and students will not get picked on because of what they are wearing. In conclusion online classes are more convenient for everyone, such as parents and students than public schools.

In the long run, online classes offer more benefits such as more safety, increased freedom, and its much more convenient, in the other hand, public school are heavily restricted by various regulations and dress codes. Online courses is much safer than in public schools and there is no bad influence from peers. Students will have the ability to wear anything they wish when they attend school from home and will not be restricted by regulations. Lastly Virtual classes are more convenient than public schools, students will be able to get the eight hours of sleep that is recommended and it will save people money. Thus someone might ague that online courses does not offer social skills that you develop when you are enrolled in public schools, however, You will have more free time, students could go out and make friends and socialize outside, technology keeps improving and online courses will improve as well throughout time. In conclusion, Virtual classes offer students benefits such as increased safety, increase freedom, and convenience. 