When you ask for advice do you ask multiple people or just one person? from my experience its better to get more peoples advice then just one. I believe that it is better to ask multiple people for advice instead of just asking one person because if you ask multiple people then you have a higher chance to get better advice than if you only ask one person, you will get more advice than if you just ask one person, and you will also become closer friends with the people you ask for advice.

Firstly, I think that asking multiple people for advice is better because if you ask more people then you have a higher chance to get better advice than if you just ask one person. Also if you get better advice then you wont have to ask more people for advice. Plus when you get better advice you will probably do better then if you had worse advice or none at all. The better the advice the better you'll do at what ever your trying to do no matter what it is advice always helps.

Next, I think that its better to ask more people for advice because the more advice the more it helps, first because you will remember it better and also because you will get different and better advice. another reason why getting more advice is better is because you will get different viewpoints and you will also get to see things from other peoples points of view.

Finally, you will get closer to the people you ask for advice because they know that you would not come to them if you didn't trust them so they will know that you trust them and they will trust you more. Plus if they trust you more then you will be able to talk to them about more personal stuff like help with problems like depression, anxiety, or stress and they will be there for you no matter what.

Like I said before I believe that asking for advice from multiple people is better and you should ask at least three people for advice but the more the merrier. Dont forget that the more people you ask for advice the more types of advice you will get and possibly the better advice you will get. I believe that if you ask for advice from more then one person the better advice you will get, the more advice you will get, the closer you will get to you friends.