Dear Principal,

I have heard about a change in the way students can participate in sports this year. I think that it is a excellent way to motivate the children in the school but some kids just can't. These children use sports as a way to fell normal and in school they might be tempted by other distractions. Even though kids should be excelling in school I think it would cause more problems by not letting them play. There are many reasons why I am right, that you should allow the children in this school play.

My first reason is that sports is a way to bring the whole school together and have a good vibe throughout the school. The kids on the team have a since of confidence when they get on the field or court because of there students cheering them on. If you would not let certain kids play there friends will not go and the spirit of the school would go down. It is very harsh if they have a C average it does not mean they are failing, I could see if they were failing I would keep them of the team. It is very hard to turn your grades around even if it is a chance o get on the basketball team

Now I will come to my second reason, some kids always look forward after school to go and play a sport. A sport is very demanding and a physical challenge. I think that kids get to caught up with both commitments. It is very hard to juggle homework and a practices for a team. A way to solve this solution is to cut down on practices and games if a majority of the kids on the team have a C average. This way they can get there work done and still play the sports that they love. It is very interesting how children become attracted to some things. These things could be a interest in sports, school, or hobby's. This idea of cutting down practices and games can really make a difference.

My last argument is that sports are fun! I think if you take away the sports in our school it would cause havoc throughout whole school community. The children the school would be upset and the parents would be devastated because they have spent money on camps and lessons and see that all the money went to waste would crush them. It is the eight grades last year at the school and some of them might not have the C average they will miss out all the great things they get to have the final year. It would be a terrible mistake because they might rebel against the rules and this will get a lot of kids in trouble, and I think you would not want that to happen.

To conclude my letter I just hope that you make the right decision in this alarming time. Those three reasons I think is the way to save our school from not letting these kids play sports. Even if the children had a C average I don't think not them play a sport would make them change there ways. I hope that everything is resolved and that will end like nothing ever happened.