Have you ever wanted to spend more time with your family? Well you may have that opportunity sometime in the future. Even as we go about our daily lives people somewhere are working to make that happen. With driverless cars we can spend more time with our family. The driverless car will no doubt help lessen the accidents caused by cars, it will also allow you to do something more important than driving on your way to and from work, and it will help keep your children under control because of you being able to talk to them about their actions in the backseat of your car.

Automated driving will help stop accidents from happening. Driverless cars are safer because they use sensors rather than the human attention span. Also driverless cars have an automatic brake system in a child or car got in front of the car at any time the car would be able to stop before collision. The cars will also allow everything to be more electronically inclined. If we get automated cars it will change how we live and our productivity.

While driving a car you have to pay a lot of attention to any hazards that may come along, and you don't have any time to work on the project for your workplace. While you are driving you could have been working on said project, but you couldn't due to the fact that you had to pay attention to the road. If we develope automated cars it will help bring work productivity up and sales along with it. The economy could really get a boost from them. Which would help people get jobs and more people would come out of poverty. Which could help us pay more attention to the future generation.

What are your kids doing half the day do you know? Do you drive with your kids in the car? How many life lessons could you have taught them if you didn't have to drive? I am guessing a lot. Your kids want to hear your stories and they want to know that they are loved by you. If you can't take five minutes out of your day to talk to them what kind of life will they lead.

My point is that with automated cars we will get more done, have more time to talk to our kids, and we will get into less accidents due to inattention. We could have a life like that. All we have to do is help each other and let them develope and test freely on our streets. Honestly, what do we have to lose? We kill each other more in car accidents than any machine ever will.