Hey Earth has a twin. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author strongly suggest that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. Although the author's idea may sound wild to some he does support his argument very intelligently.

To begin the author supports his ideas by giving back ground knowledge on Venus. The author then preoceeds to scientificly explain the orbits that Venus, Mars and Earth under takes."Earth, Venus, and Mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds. These differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times to Venus. Because Venus is sometimes right around the corner—in space terms—humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud-draped world." The explanation that the author gives us shows us the simalirty of the planets and the efforts of exploring Venus is important despite its conditons.

In paragraph 4 the author uses a rhetorcle device "If our sister planet is so inhostible, why are scientist even discuusign further vistits to its surface. The author uses a rhetoricle quetsion to get his point across to the reader. The author goes further into depth by describing the geogrphics of Venus and how it could of been a Earth like planet long ago." Today Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth."

The author brings in NASA into the conversation and explains to us how they have been working to explore Venus. "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientist to float above the fray." Although the author is fully aware of the extreme condtions of Venus they still don't believe that hoviering 30 miles from Venus wont provide them with enough information. The author also argues that scientist wont have the ability to take samples of rocks,gas,etc. The author even goes further by saying" Therefore, scientist seeking to conduct a thorough mission to undestand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks".

Well Earth may have a twin, but they are not identical. Despite the harsh conditions of Venus the aurthor does a great job with supporting their idea that Venus is a worthy pursuit. Not to forget the author supported their claim with lots of evidence provied through out the text.