Dear Senate , it is evident that many people think electoral voting is the wrong thing to do. I think that we sould use another method of voting like popular voting. I feel this way because the president that you might be voting for might win the popular vote but because he had lost the electoral vote he doesnt become president. I believe this is wrong because the president with the majority of vote by the U.S. should win, people should be able to decide who is president , and because I think its wrong to not give the U.S. citizens what they want.

Although electoral voting may seem good its not because you dont really vote for your president that you want your voting for a slate of elector that pick the president they would rather have . In "Source 2:The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defense of the system are wrong" it state that "Under the electoralcollege system , voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors , who in turn elect the president" From this we can see that its shouldnt be like this because the people should be able to choose the president who they voted for. also in source 2 it states " The single bets argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse. Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." This just show how bad electoral voting can get . So we need to change the way of voting before it gets out of hand.

After reading the passage I see another problem that electoral voting causes , which is that electoral voting is unfair to the people of the united states. It states "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning focusing only on the tight race in the "swing" states." this just explaing that candidate that know that they cannot win your states votes wont even bother to try.

People might feel that electoral voting is the best way to vote because we've always used it, and because it restores some balance that me be needed with larger states. But their still wrong because electoral voting has caused many problem for us in the past and how dont we know it will not cause them in the future. that why we should change our way of voting.

Electoral voting is a bad method of voting because it is unfair to people, most of the time your not even voting for the candidate you want, and because its like of vote don't count on whether or not we get the president that we would like.         