Wow! What a surpise, a new breakthrough of technology. This technology is known as the Facial Action Coing System. This system identifies human emotions. In this essay I will tell you why I think that this system is valuable. There are three main reasons why it is in such of value to us. One, it can help bring the truth out in people. Two, it can people get help if they always come to class with a sadness emotion on their face. Third, is that it can help with lessons being taught.

First, which is bringing the truth out of people. Now, I think this is valuable, not just to the classroom, but in the real world. This valuable in the classroom because it can identify whether a student is lying or telling the truth to his or her teacher at the time. This is essential because it goes along with my reason of that this technology helps with the lesson. This can help interpret if the student or students, are lying if you say if they know what is going on, and not confused.

Secondly, is that you will be able tell if a student or students are upset or not. I feel like this is important because it can be hard for the student(s) to concentrate on the lesson if they are too busy thinking about why they are upset. With the right attitude the teacher can help the student(s) get their education. Another reason why this is important because it can save lives of people that suffering from depression. This can help lower the amount of deaths in a year because it can help recognize that a student may need some psychological help. For example, in the passage it says,"...the software can identify mixed emotions."This is important because it can tell what you are feeling inside. The teacher can maybe help the people cheer up and get on with the day's lesson.

Third, is that it can help with the lesson. Now this is very essential because it can help determine if the students are confused or bored. This is important because some students may be afraid to be one of the only ones to be confused of the subject. This is something o be recognized because it o decide to continue with the lesson or to move on to a different one of interest. As said in the passage,"A classroom computer could recognize when a studetn is bored or confused."Also said,"Then, it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor."These quotes help get my point across because it shows that it can help recognize if the student is in a place of boredom or dispair.

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System is valuable in classrooms because it can help makes the teacher's job easier. Which can also help the students by, it recognizing if somone is being truthful

, to help notice if a student may be upset for some odd reason, and that it can help the teacher know if the lesson that they previously just did needs some more work, or if he or she can move forward on to a different lesson.              