Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. The distance learning causes the environment to be different from the regular school experience; however, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Attending classes from home can be accommodated to fit the student's schedule and can de-stress students to work at the comfort of their home. Students who attend classes from home will recieve several benefits.

Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because working from home is flexible to work around their schedules. Other than school, students have many activities and responsibilities they are involved in: sports, clubs, jobs, chores, and religious activities. As a student invests his time and effort in each activity, it can be quite vexatious for him to prioritize school over other important activities and responsibilities that need his undivided attention. However, if a student had the opportunity to take online courses or video conferencing, he could prioritize his responsibilities and continue to make time for learning; for example, if a student has to work during the day time, he can focus on his online classes or video conferences after work or during breaks. All in all, taking classes from home will be flexible towards a student's schedule.

Attending classes from home can be beneficial to students as it can also de-stress the students when working from home. A plethora of students feel that a major part of their stress comes from school and its environment. The environment consists of two factors that can stress out a student: competition and high expectations. Some students have the need to make other students feel subordinate with their intricate knowledge, which creates competition within their grade level. The students also feel pressured by teachers and parents to earn straight A's and be the best in their grade level. Over time, the two factors cause students to jeopardize their mental and physical health as they are in situations that lead them to stress; students end up feeling burnt out. On the contrary, working from home eliminates the competition and decreases the high expectations since the online classes taken individually and the one-on-one video conferences create no competition at the students' homes; moreover, teachers will not be present to ensure that the students are meeting the teacher's expectations. Although parents will continue to expect the students to do well, the students will continue to work at their own pace in the comfort of their own home; therefore, working from home will decrease the stress of the student.

Overall, if a student decides to take classes from home, he will gain several benefits. Attending classes from home can be beneficial to students due to flexible scheduling and de-stressing. With a flexible work schedule, students can prioritize other activities and responsibilities while they can also make time to prioritize school. Working from home can also lift the stress of students' shoulders since they won't be competing with anyone else for the highest grade; furthermore, they will not be pressured to have perfect grades by teachers. In spite the different learning environment as opposed to the school environment most students experience, distance learning is an opportunity offered to students where they work from home through online courses or video conferences. 