How many of us students want to be forced to do something? Probably not many. But, if it is for a good outcome, then maybe we should take into consideration that an extracurricular activity at school can be quite useful for the majority of us. If activities such as sports, performing and visual arts, and technologically focused ideas are available, then many of our students would be intrigued with doing the activities that have been provided from our school principal and other faculty members. Since the decision has been made for all of the students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity from the principal, then maybe the decision for bringing new activities along with it will also be approved as well.

In the school that I am currently attending as of today, sports are an extremely big interest for quite a bit of students. Football, baseball, field hockey, and softball are just some of the sports that are mentioned from the different athletes that are streaming through the school's hallways every single day. Yes, there are already students doing sports anyways, but there are some students who have the perfect capabilities to do them, but they just do not put full effort into doing the sports. There are already plenty of different sport related activities through the schools, and it would be easy for these students to be included in doing the sport that they would be interested in, but all it takes is determination and full-on effort to make it happen.

With the already large number of performing and visually artistic students in the building, there are many different opportunities that newcomers may be able to do if they are just starting out. In the building we have a choral teacher, a drama teacher, and 2 art teachers, who are all extremely helpful, and are there for any questions that a curious student may have about the fine arts community and how to get interested. If more people get interested every year, then I am sure that making more activities that involve the community will be less of a challenge for the principal, and for others who are putting in to create ideas. If more students consider being in the fine arts community, then that would be a successful achievement for the school itself and our work may be recognized by even more people outside of the school as well.

In the day and age that we are all in as of right now, technology is at its finest point in time. With the addition of iPhone's, iPad's, Microsoft computers, and many more devices beyond that, we all have the ability to create different ideas and to make different extracurricular activities for all of the students who are interested in doing things with technology. As technology does grow every day, so should the amount of activities that we can do with it as well. Many students are in fact somewhat involved with technology and if the opportunity came along for them to have an in-school interaction with it, then they would maybe have a new hobby or a new interest that could help them in their own lives.

In conclusion, I do standby my principal's decision to have every student be involved in an extracurricular activity and I see why he is making it that way. If we add the activities such as sports, performing and visual arts, and technologically focused ideas to the mix, then we will have a great lineup of the activities that the students can do. In the long run, these activitites may end up doing well for us all, and they could even put a great impression on our school.