Dear Principal,

Thank you for the great idea, students should be required to perform community service. Many students don't have anything to do and giving them the opportunity to help some one or to help there community would give them a great responsibility. If every student was required to perform community service they would all feel proud of what they are doing to improve there community. Many peoples community service are to tutor elementary school children or to help at a local library. If every student did that or something similar then they would have a nicer community.

A community is a group of people who stick together. Every student is a part of it then why not help to make it nicer or cleaner? Me and my friends like helping little kids in our elementary school. It makes me happy to know that I

am helping little kids grow and learn . I like doing this because when I was young there were older people who came and help us at the elementary school. When ever someone needed help they would be there to help us, whether it was to help us open our milk or to help us with a project. So I believe younger kids see us at there hero's that are there to help them. Who knows, maybe when they get older they might feel the same and help there community by doing community service.

A service is something good you are doing. If every student in our school did community "service" they would all be doing something good. Doing something good would not only help them but the people around them. Everyone would have a goal on there mind on what to achieve. Everybody would be kind to each other, they would be friendlier to one another.

Having a cleaner, nicer and friendlier community is what everybody wants. Giving every one a sense of responsibility. Making people feel proud of what they have done or help achieve. Helping little kids open there snack to helping an elderly woman down the street. There are many ways to help your community and people out there might not even know what they are capable of. So I think that your idea of requiring students to perform community service is wonderful idea. Students our there could make a change either in their life or in someone else life.

Thank You,

STUDENT_NAME