Dear Principal,

I think that you should allow Policy 1 for our school. Policy 1 is having phones at school but not using them during class periods. Students should be able to have cell phones. Every student has a right to bring a cell phone, but they won't use them during class because that's not one of their rights. Cell phones can be used as an emergency. If a student has an emergency, they cant use their cell phone because of Policy 2. If you consider Policy 1, then a student will be able to use their phone if an emergency occurred. If a student comes home alone and they see an unfamiliar car in their drive way or something, they can't use their phone because you wouldn't let them due to Policy 2. With Policy 1, the student can call their parents or parent and tell them and the parents would tell them what to do.

Some students express themselves through a phone. If they don't have it, they don't know what to do. If you tell them that they can have it but only during lunch and free time, they will be fine then. Everyone will have the right to bring their phone but they also have the right not to bring it. In Policy 2, students can't bring their phone at all. In Policy 1, students at least have choices about what they can do.

I agree that some students may be using them during class and they should not have the privilege to use them anymore in school. The thing is, what if students weren't using them during class and couldn't bring them anymore. Then, they can't use them at all even though they didn't in the first place and others got cell phones taken away from them.

I agree that there should be a stop to students using them during class. I was thinking, if students get caught using them, they would have to do community service for a day to help the community get clean and they will know not to do it again. Many of your students are dedicated to their phone and need it, but if they make the wrong decision and use it during class, then you can tell them they can't use it anymore during free time and lunch. If a student keeps breaking and breaking the rules, then I think you can take the phone away from them and, like I said before, give them community service. Thank you for reading my letter and I hope you agree with me and consider Policy 1.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME