Dear State Senator,

I have realized that there has been debate lately about if we should abolish the Electoral College or not. Reading about this, you could swing either way and have a valid point, but I think my way has more valid points and makes more sense as a whole picture. The key here is the bigger picture because if you look at a small flaw of something for long enough it eventually takes up the whole picture in your mind. You may have your opions about it and I have mine but I would like to share mine with you so you can see why the Electoral College is still important and should still be used.

When our founding fathers sat down and decided to right up our federal government system, they argued emensly on voting and how it should go about. when they finished bickering and developed this system, they made sure everything had a checks and balances type of layout. With the Electoral College, " you vote for the elector and they vote for president and vice president, and then congress counts the electorial votes". This idea is more benefitial then just having a majority vote for obvious reasons. With the electoral votes and populus votes it makes it harder to choose a president just by a single vote advantage.

Now I know your probably yelling at this letter saying the disaster factor is the main problem with the electorial college but let me finish. there have only been two times that this has happened. "It happened in 2000, when Gore had more popular votes then bush yet fewer electoral votes, but that was the first time since 1888". If this has only happened twice then I think it is something that is fixable, but should not be the deciding factor that takes away the whole Electoral College system. The main reason we have this system is so there is a certainty of outcome and not just one score that is judged.

The way this is set up is so that "no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president". This is a great thing because imagine if it was just majority vote; the most populated states could just vote who they wanted to be president and it would be done. No other states would be able to compete and on top of that the canidates for president would only have to campain in the populated states where they know they are already liked. The Electoral College is there so things aren't done in a jiffy. With this system the canidates actually have to work on trying to gain supporters in states where they may not be liked in. It also makes the American people think about all the options and decide on a bigger scale that requires more then just "one vote" to win an election.

Can you see why we need this Electoral College to stay and not just be abolished over like it is some plastic bottle on the highway that gets avoided and never gets picked up. We need people to stay activley involved in voting and I personally think the Electoral College does the best job with this. If the founding fathers spent months upon months just argueing about this single topic, I do not think they would just blow it off last second and come up with some giberish. If this system has worked this well this long then I think they must of done something right. Please consider my opinion state senator. "Voters in presidental elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election".                 