Do you ever want more opinions and options when it comes to advice? Well you can! You can simply ask more than one person for their opinion so you can choose yours! It is good to go to multiple sources for opinions, because it opens your mind up to new things, you can get good or bad feed back, and you can now see things from different points of views.

Seeking for more opinions can open your mind up for new and different things. This can help you think outside the box and form new thoughts on a situation. Thinking outside the box can help you be more creative and have a different/new look on your problem. You can also ask advice from new people or people you normally wouldnt ask advice from. By doing this you could solve your problem/situation with new and different things that this person could help you find. Lastly, knowing how to ask multiple people for advice can help you later in life. This can be helpful when you have to work with others in a job, and you need to understand that you are not the only one with good ideas, and you need to know that asking for help is a good thing that can make whatever you are working on even better with even more minds. Therefor asking many people for advice can help your mind open up for new and different things.

You can see things from different points of views. You can get a better understanding of that person. By this I mean you can see their perspectives, and can maybe get to know them more based off their advice. The person that is giving you advice could have gone through similar situations. If they have been through something similar then they could have good advice on it and what you should or should not do, and the right way of taking care of the situation. The person giving you advice could have also been through different things. But this can still help when receiving advice because they will see things different, and having a completely different mind from yours can still be good and helpful. Overall, you should always try and see things from different points of views.

You can also be open to feedback by asking peers for their opinions. This can help cancel somethings out when the advice is given, and can cancel out the bad ideas for whatever the advice is needed for. Canceling out ideas is a good strategy when needing advice or opinions so you can separate the good from the bad in the situation. Feedback can come in good or bad ways like constructive criticism. For example someone could give good advice that the person may not want hear, but they still should to be open to it. Some people may have their mind already made up about their conflict/situation, and just may want some extra thoughts. That is why feedback is good because it is small and you are still making the decision for your self, just with commentary of others. As you can see feedback is a good strategy when needing advice from others.

Seeking out multiple people for good advice is a good strategy. This is because it makes it easy to cancel out bad ideas, to collect feedback, and to have a more open mind to new things. Therefor seeking different sources for advice is very useful.