Driverless cars are a bad idea for a couple of reasons. People may begin to become naive while driving, start being a victim in more wrecks, and be in danger of losing safety. Do we really want to put people's lives in danger just so we don't have to drive and can be lazy?

The first reason is that people may become naive and try to sleep while driving because they will believe you do not have to drive at all. This is wrong because in the passage it states that you do have to drive whenever the car needs human help and can not complete a certain action such as driving through roadwork zone or accidents. The name of the car is a false advertisement if you don't read into it.

Another reason is if a person gets in a wreck while in this car would it be considerd the person's fault or the manufacturers? If the person is not driving then it would be the manufacturers for a malfunction in the car. This will put these manufacturers at a place where they will have to pay for damage and insurance to whoever was wrecked into and fix the problem. If this happens to more than one person people may not buy the car or from the company of the car anymore. As stated in the passage there are no rules currently about these driveless cars and there would have to be a new set of rules that would need to be made. Many states are forbidding them completeley and you can't even test drive computer driven cars.

My last reason is that these cars are not completely safe. In paragraph eight it states that drivers may get bored waiting on their turn to drive. This could result in people falling asleep and playing on their phones when they should, at all times, keep their eyes on the road. Anything could happen at any time and it could be unexpected. The cars do not seem incredibly safe for anybody to drive.

I would not reccomend this car for anybody. However if you are older and wiser and know what you are doing this could be the car for you. You will just need to be so much more aware of your surroundings and make sure that you are always paying attention. These cars require a lot more responsiblity than a normal car would. So when looking to buy a driverless car consider all of these points. And in the end, is it really worth it?