Should we get multiple opinion

Say there is a bomb right there about to explode right in front of your eyes. What would you do? You would need some helping hands wouldn't you? But who would you ask? Who should you trust? Should you ask multiple people? But why? Why should people get more than one opinion when they ask for advise? You might say that having just your opinion is enough, but getting opinions from others could really help. Although, there are some good and strong reasons why you should stick to your own opinion, there are many more that involves more than one perspective. I believe that getting multiple opinions, and seeing different viewpoints is beneficial because it helps you with perspective, getting something correct, or even give you more possibilities than you can imagine!

Getting multiple opinions can help you with perspective. While getting one opinion, you will always feel like that one opinion is correct or better, but thats is only one side of the story. There could be two or two hundred different sides, while your only hearing one. For example, the voters in the United States of America need to hear both sides of the story. They will need to understand which candidate would be more beneficial for their own needs. When getting advise, you might ask someone close to you such as your mother, on the other hand, if you were to ask your best friend, they may not give the same answers as your own mother would. That is why it is important to have more than one opinion to consider the choices. Although, believing in yourself and your own opinion might be great for some people, but hearing a different perspective is on a while other level. Also, not hearing all the sides in a story, its not very equal because you will feel positive as if that one reason is correct for sure!

Multiple opinions can help you with getting something correct. For example, say you are checking answers with a friend, but you get some answers that were not the same. You might've been the one with the correct answer or your friend might've been the one with the correct answer. You guys might both be wrong! But you would've never known if you never tried comparing answers. If your ever wrong, but you realize that you were wrong, you will understand what you did wrong and you will correct yourself no matter if you need help or if it was just some dumb mistake. Either way, you learned something that would probably be beneficial in the future.

Multiple opinions can open new things. Some say that trying something new is healthy and beneficial for your life, it also opens a new window which is kind of like perspective in a way. Say, you've never tried broccoli but your friend absolutely loves it, and when you try it, you end up loving it! This would leave a new opportunity to you so you have more food options. On the other hand, you might've hated the broccoli, but guess what? You would've never known if you didn't like it if you never tried it. Now we are not focused on trying new things here, but it does kind of relate to multiple opinions if you really think about it. See, multiple opinions relate to perspective, while perspective relates to trying new things and getting a different view of them. Although that may be a long shot, I believe that it works.

So, what would I do about a bomb that is about to explode? I would ask others for help, see what my choices are, pick the one that I believe is more reasonable, and done! You've probably heard, said, or even thought about opinions in your lifetime, than you ever though you would! Even when you were a baby! How you may ask? You might've been throwing tantrums as your parents would try and feed you mashed peas as you pushed them away and spilled them everywhere! In conclusion, I believe that multiple opinions can help with different viewpoints, getting correct answers, or opening new opportunities and getting multiple opinions is the way to go, defiantly not all times, but most of the time.