Stop Texting and Driving

Drivers should not be able to use any type of cellular device while operating a vehicle, because that's very dangerous. Although, texting and calling behaviors behind the wheel have become increasingly common among drivers in modern society. Texting while driving, or even being on your phone while driving has caused so many accidents. In United States, almost 1.6 million people has crashed each year. Texting while driving is becoming increasingly an issue of concern among different stakeholders including the general public and government.

Therefore, texting while driving should be against the law because so many deaths have been caused. Injuries and death rates of road carnage have been increasing by the day. I don't allow texting while driving when I'm in the car with someone because that's very dangerous. Something has to be done about texting while driving. My family member had got into bad wreck because the other person who hit them were texting and driving.

I feel like someone should protest on testing and driving.

He/She would be more concentrated on the cellular device than the vehicle. I feel like people can hold off on their cellular devices while they are driving. There isn't anything more important than your life. He/She basically are killing their selves by pulling out their phone while driving knowing the consequences and what will only happen later in the end.

Some people have emergencies and when they get a phone call, they put their phone on speaker, put the phone down, and then talk. SOME* people though. I feel like that isn't bad at all, but texting while driving, looking down at your phone just aren't it.

With that being said, the law banning texting and driving should be mandatory in each state. Texting is so commonplace and prevalent that it is up to lawmakers to ensure the safety of drivers on the road. Many people do not realize that texting while driving can be just as dangerous as driving while drunk. It is up to the lawmakers to help protect that one person out of two hundred who does make it home each night.      