Cell phones And Driving

Cell phones have become a part of our everyday lives. We are so focused on what's going on with the device that we are risking our daily lives. Using a handheld phone can be very dangerous and lead to multiple car accidents. It can be a life changing accident instantly. You may think you can do it for a second but it's not safe at all. The problem is people don't think it is a problem and that's why it's still going on. "Monkey see monkey do", is similar because if adults do it then young drivers will think they can do it too, which is one of the causes of this issue. According to reports "before you go to bed 9 people die because of texting and driving". This is more serious than most people think. One day you could be on the road and another car hit you because they are paying attention to the phone and not the road.

I strongly think drivers should not be able to use any device while operating any vehicle. It put so many people in a big risk of losing their lives everyday. The main reason it should be stopped is because it causes too many car accidents. Cell phones are the leading cause of half a million deaths on the road each year. It impacts our health and society. Banning cell phones will make it safer on the road and less accidents will happen. It's a serious problem that have to be dealt with. It's only so much a person can focus fully on and it should be the road.

Another reason why people should not use their cell phone while driving is because your insurance could rise up. The more accidents you get into the higher your insurance will be. Although cell phones can be a good use with helping with directions,or calling a loved one there also a negative impact that comes with it. One accidents can change someone life instantly. It can leave you or a person with physical injuries that may takes weeks,or months to heel. You can suffer from short term or permanent effects on your body or brain. You can also gain a result of depression or anxiety from the accident. It's very dangerous and people are hurting because one person choose to be on the phone instead of just trying to get home safe.

In some states phones are banned but it should be in every state and country. It can be very dangerous, not only can you hurt yourself but you can hurt others with a crazy decision that can nearly change your future forever. You could go to jail and have to pay a big fine and go to court. It could be on your record for killing someone. It's just not worth losing everything. Put it in the glove compartment just until you step outside the car.

Texting and driving is just very dangerous. Just don't do it - you are putting everyone's life in danger on the road. One look away can turn your life around instantly. Being focused and determined while driving can help everyone out. If we don't stop, these accidents will increase everyday. Your life is not the only one that matters. When you are driving you are driving for everyone. So, next time just think - is that phone call more important than your life. It just not worth it.               