Have you ever wanted to do an extracurricular activity? If your awnser is a yes then i suppose the principal making everyone do a sport or club isnt so bad. How bad could extracurricular activities be anyways? I think people having to do extracurricular activities is a good idea because you could play football, you could run track or you could tutor other students.

One example of an extracurricular activity that you could do is football. Football is fun because it's the only time that you can legally hit someone as hard as you want. For example if you had a bad day once practice starts you can let out all of your energy into hitting someone as hard as you can. Another perk of playing football is that you get to become stronger, personally I don't see a downside to that. Lastly a reason that football is good is that if your one of those kids who thinks practice is the best time of the day then this is a good escape from whatever may be going on at your house or at school.

Another example of a extracurricular activity that you could do is track. One reason that track is a good extracurricular activity is that you stay in shape. Once again I see no downside to that, staying in shape is a good thing. Another reason to run track is because you can make friends during practice. because if you have nobody to talk to during practice it could get awkward or boring real quick. Lastly, an example of a good reason to run track is that you become faster. It makes sense that you would become faster considering that most of the point of running track is to be faster than your adversary.

Finally, a good extracurricular activity that you could do is tutoring. Tutoring is a good thing because you are being kind. personally i think that it is kind to help a person get their grade up or help them on a upcoming test. Another reason that tutoring is good is because you get to make a friend while helping them with their work. Once again i don't see any cons to having a lot of friends. Lastly, being a tutor forces you to study as well. For example if you are tutoring someone in your math class then yall would have the same work meaning that you get to jog your memory as well.

These were some examples of fun extracurricular activities that a student could do at their school. So in conclusion, I believe that making students do at least one extracurricular activity is a good idea because you can make new friends, you could also stay in shape depending if you do a sport or not. Lastly, if you do tutoring you could keep your grades up witch is always a good thing. Finally, would you ever consider doing any of these extracurricular activites yourself?