The primary goal of any school is for their students to do the best they possibly can throughout their years of education; However, many students around the globe do not thrive in a traditional school environment and opt for an alternate form of learning such as homeschooling. In addition to homeschooling, distance learning is an option that various schools offer in which students are able to attend their classes at home via online courses or video conferencing in place of going to school. While there are many parents, teachers, and administrators that say distance learning is not a suitable way for students to learn, others could argue that distance learning is an innovative solution that not only increases the responsibility of a student, but also accommodates personal situations a student is going through. Overall, the ability to attend classes from home would be beneficial to many students due to the increase of independence, lack of distractions, and flexibility it provides.

As a student gets older, the amount they are responsible for increases in order to prepare them for their adult lives. Allowing students to take their classes online would only aid in teaching a student to become more responsible by enabling them to make their own decision on whether to open their laptop and attend class or not. This also gives students the opportunity to plan their own schedules more freely because they are not limited to attending class in a school classroom for seven hours of the day. Instead they are able to take their class while traveling or perhaps, in between classes they are able to complete errands and become much more productive. While many adults would believe that students would simply just decide to skip class and go on with their day, allowing them to take online classes would in fact promote responsibility and productivity within the student.

What goes on in a students life could have a large impact on their school performance. When an injured student is attending school, moving from class to class can prove to be very difficult and could also cause them discomfort. Taking classes online would allow the student to heal in the comfort of their home while still being able to obtain the learning material as if they were in school. This could also indicate that online learning does not have to be a permanent solution for all students. Along with being a solution for physically injured students, this could be very beneficial for student athletes who have suffered a concussion. The harsh lighting and loud hallways are factors that are proven to irritate a concussed student, therefore by allowing them to take their classes at home once they are cleared for instruction, they are able to focus on their classwork without risk of feeling sick due to the commotion of a classroom. It could be argued that disrupting a students daily schedule in this manner could cause more harm than good but by allowing students to take their classes online when injured, it allows them to heal with minimal discomfort while missing no class instruction.

It is proven that students learn in different ways, many students get very distracted by the aspects of a traditional classroom, such as harsh lighting, disruptive classmates, and the loud bell signaling for a class change. Attending class online eliminates those distractions by placing the student in a comfortable environment in which they would learn best. Adults could argue the fact that a student's home could open the opportunity for more distractions, the location where a student takes their class does not have to be their home. While many students find their home to be the most suitable place to take their classes, some students could prefer a public library or coffee shop. The ability of taking classes online also means that if their usual location is not ideal one day, they can easily move to a different location to help aid their focus. Online learning allows students to place themselves in the best location for them to achieve their work.

To conclude, the topic of allowing students to take their classes online is very controversial. While it may not be suitable for all students, online classes would benefit many students by allowing them to grow more independently. It would also make learning much more flexible to the student and eliminate typical distractions that you would find in the classroom. The ability to attend classes from home would be beneficial to many students due to the increase of responsibility, lack of distractions, and flexibility it provides.        