School can often be full of work piling up in the classes we don't enjoy, and stress that gets us down. What if there was a way to make school enjoyable for everyone? Extracurricular activities are teams, clubs, and any other organization run by the school. Many students like these because they have something to look forward to while in school, but not everyone always joins. I believe that students should become a part of organizations because it gives them a chance to bond with others, become more involved in their school, and choose an activity that they enjoy.

In school activities that are outside of class, students have a chance to create bonds with new people. Teams and clubs require working together to make ideas come along, especially student council and sports. This also builds a work ethic for future jobs. Sometimes students may have trouble making friends, so being in a club makes it easy to meet people. Similar interests can also often lead to friendships. Students can also get to know a teacher who sponsors their club better, as many students rarely speak with them in class. Having a more interesting topic to discuss with teachers helps students feel more comfortable around them in class.

Students should become more involved in schools activities. As a yearbook staff member, I know that from experience. I have been able to go onto the basketball courts during pep rallies to get pictures, inform people and work with them about buying a yearbook, and learn about other class when I take pictures and collect information from them. Similarly to student government, students are able to see their hard work pay off when fellow classmates participate in spirit days and other events. With sports, athletes are able to show off their skill and passion for the game while being able to represent their school.

Lastly students are able to choose what they want to be a part of. Not everyone enjoys the problem solving of math or the memorization of history, but it is a requirement to take them. If students join an activity they'll enjoy, then they will have something to look forward to in school. This can also strengthen career paths. If a student is set on becoming a business leader, they can be a part of yearbook or the other organizations that run like a business. If a student is determined to be in the NFL, then they can tryout for the football team. And if they don't find a fit for them, they should be able to make a group themselves. It's important to have a variety of clubs, including students' ideas.

In conclusion, schools should require their students to join extracurriculars just as they require them to take core classes. This is because it gives students a chance to bond with others, become more involved in their school, and be a part of something that they would enjoy.

Students shouldn't dread school, and this is one way to make it better. 