Imagine what it would be like to drive past a car with no driver. The thought of driverless cars is really something to think about. But after reading the article, its clear that even though it shows some good qualities, driverless cars should not be an invention we soon incopperate into our daily lives.

In the article, the author makes some good points about some of the cons of driverless cars. Such as, the need for new traffic laws, accidents and the safety of the pedestrians and drivers of other vehicles. As of right now, the traffic laws are written under the assumption that a car is only a safe car if it has a human driver controlling it at all times, which makes it illegal in most states to even test cars that are run by computers.

The safety of these driverless cars is concerning as well. They do have many cameras and sensors as the article points out, but technology has not be perfected yet, so the sensors or cameras failing is a possible outcome of these cars. Then, a failed system in these cars could cause an accident. This comprimises the safety of other drivers and even pedestrians. Then, if a person is harmed in an accident with a driverless car, who is to blame? We have to make new laws just for the purpose of having driverless cars when we could just drive our own cars.

Also, a downfall of driverless cars is that people lose jobs. Driving services would no longer need human drivers to control the cars. This puts thousands of people out of jobs which raises the unemployment rate. Which then causes the government to need to give more money to support families becasue now someone from the family isnt bringing in money because they lost their job due to the driverless cars now transporting people instead of driving services using humans.

In conclusion, driverless cars seem to cause more problems than getting rid of them. Driverless cars should be left as a fantasy and human handeled cars should continue. Ever since transportation vehicles were used humans have controlled them. Why change it now?   