Some people believe that online school is better than actually going to school. I agree with this, because, some students can't learn as fast as other kids in their class and struggle to keep up with their homework and classwork, and when they start to fall so behind they begin to cheat instead of learning and asking for help from their teachers. When you do online school you are able to go your own pace, no friends are there to distract you and there is no one to cheat off of.

Online school can be extremely beneficial to many students, because we are able to go our own pace and learn in the best environment with no distractions from anyone. You learn so much about yourself and prove to yourself that you are capable of so much more when you work hard and stay focused. Students get to feel better about their work when they do good knowing that they worked hard for that grade alone. It gives them more confidence and motivation to do even better on their next assignment.

When you learn in school there is so much pressure to keep up with classwork and homework assignments and students tend to fall off and begin to cheat off their peers, on top of that some students struggle to be on time to their classes and get introuble. When you do online school there is no pressure, no rush and no cheating. Students shouldn't feel the need to skip class, because they felt they weren't ready to take a test or a quiz.

In school students are easily influenced and distracted by their peers in their classes and begin to start conversations when they are not suppose to. Some students tend to get bored of sitting in the same spot and begin to walk around the hallways with friends when they should be in class. Online school doesn't distract you, but only encourages you and push you to better yourself and your future. Doing online schools shows you what subjects you're good in and what subjects you may lack in, online school would break it down for you so that you can have a better understanding.

Students would learn so much more online, because they are allowed to choose what time they get to start school. They are also able to speak to teachers and ask questions they would be nervous to ask in a classroom. Online school allows you to think freely without worrying about what others may say or think of you. In school some students get anxiety when they have to present a project to the class and tend to freeze up, but online school the only person you are presenting to is your teacher and that lowers the stress that some students may feel when presenting to a large group in school.

Many students struggle on a day to day basis with school and become stress and lose sleep at night, because they are concerned about their grades. Online school minimizes your stress and allows you to go your own pace. It gives many students an opportunity to do well in school and allows them to explore what they want to do with their life after graduation. No students wants to spend their senior year stressed about falling behind their classes and making sure they make it on time to school, when they can simply take online school and be more focused and engaged in what they are learning.