We have created a face on the surface of our planet. Doesn't that sound stupid, I mean if there is intellagent life out there why would they waste there time puting a face on a planet. That face is nothing but a mountain or rock formation that looks like a face.

First off the area the probe was flying over and taking pictures of was know to have mesas. Like the article had said at in paragraph two " Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia." Which is where the probe was flying over. Most scientist believe it is just a landform with the face looking structure.

Next when NASA got another probe into space to take better pictures, just to show the people like you who think it was made by aliens that it is in fact just a rock formation. They took another picture and people still didn't believe them so depsite how hard it is to position it to take another picture they did it anyway and it looked nothing like a face, But more like a mountain.

Lastly most of the stuff made up about the face on mars. when they released the photo like it said in the article "it stared in a hollywood film,

appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows--even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years!" It's just made up by people to either sell more stuff in there gift shop or store and or make movies and books. Because who would want to watch a movie about the extroudanary mountain on mars. They would have to make false info about it and say it was made by aliens so it would sell more.

You may say that that probe is floating very far away from space how do you know there is not any evidence of life down there? Well yes It is very far away but the picture was taken in maxium resilution. Each pixel spans 1.56 meters so each pixel in that photo spaned 1.56 meters on the planet so you would be able to see anything that would have show alien life down there.

So yes it was nothing but a mountain that looked like a face. Next time you look at somthing that looks like it could be alien in outer space don't believe movies or novels belive the scientist they know what there doing and know what is for the better of human knowledge not some persoon trying to make some money by saying that aliens made it so you would buy it.        