Phones & Driving

Imagine that you are driving and you get a text from someone and you feel that you just had to answer. Then you respond and when you look up your unable to stop in time and then everything goes black. This whole situation could have been avoided if being on your phone was not as important as your well being and others. Although it may be convenient to text while driving, it is increasingly becoming the reasons for car accidents today. Texting while driving in any situation while operating a vehicle should not be used.

Texting while driving is causing you to not have at least one of your hands off of the wheel. Looking down at your phone will make you react to anything that may occur slower. Someone who is attentive is able to react to a possible accident occurring whilst the person texting and driving would not. This is known as defensive driving when one is able to defend yourself against dangers on the road. One who is using their device while driving lacks defensive driving.

Using your mobile device while operating a vehicle is said to be "approximately 18% of all fatal crashes are caused by texting and driving", according to drive-safely. net. Within the year of 2012 itself, 3,328 people were killed because of texting and driving; while around 420,000 were injured. Also, a poll taken in the United States showed that 40% of teen drivers had admitted that they text and drive. These numbers have went up five times as much as they were.

Most people do not know this or choose to ignore it but texting while driving is illegal. Many states either have specific or various laws about texting while driving. If there was an accident to occur and and authorities find out it is due to texting and driving then you will end up facing a judge. For example, if you were texting and driving and you were to distracted on your phone to see a pedestrian then you could be charged murder.

People tend to text and drive without realizing that it may cost their life or someone else's. A text is never that important that could possibly change your life for the worse. It may be considered cool or easier to just be on your phone whenever you want, but it is the increasing reasoning for car accidents. Texting and driving is illegal for a reason and that should be a very serious law to abide by. Before you decide to pick up your phone while your driving just ask yourself: Is this really worth putting myself or others at risk?

Works Cited

DriversEd. com. "Defensive Driving Techniques." Defensive Driving - Defensive Driving Techniques - DriversEd. com, driversed. com/driving-information/defensive-driving/defensive-driving-techniques. aspx.

"Esurance Insurance Company." Esurance, www. esurance. com/info/car/texting-and-driving.

"15 Facts About Texting And Driving" Drive, 10 Jan. 2016, www. drive-safely. net/15-facts-about-texting-and-driving/.                                             