Advice is really something you shouldnt take. Advice can we great but the total opposite of what you wanted to hear. People often times give you bad advice as well, so you really should seek out more than one person an opinion on the topic at hand. Seeking multiple persons for advice can often lead you to an overlooked detail ,or a different outcome of the situation.

So say one of my friends decided to jump off of a cliff, but they want to know which cliff and how to safely do it. So I told them they shouldn't do it, but someone else told them a specific place and to bring a parachut. Then they ask another person and they also agree that they shouldn't jump off of a cliff. In that senario another person and me convinced my friend not to jump off of a cliff. I also managed to teach him the lesson on getting advice from multiple people, because the same guy who told him to jump off of a specific place with a parachut fell to his death because the parachut didn't catch the air and tangled.

Another example of taking advice from oher people would be the ,not so great, explorer Christopher Columbus. He took advice from probably over a thousand people not to set sail, because people knew that the earth was infact round and not flat. Everyone knew that the distance from India from Europe was over thousands of miles, but he didn't listen until the king and queen of Spain said okay on the explorers plans. He was a fool who couldn't do correct math and ended up discovering the Bahamas ,and slautered every native on those islands. If he had just listened to the mass of people trying to stop him from sailing he wouldn't have "discovered" the Americas and slaughtered over 30 thousand people.

I wanted to write a book about fantasy, but I lacked the creative fuction to put my story on the board. So I contacted my friends and strangers in the streets to ask what I should make my story about. Taking their advice I wrote a million dollar best seller that over took The Hobbit in popularity. All because I asked people what they would've wanted in a fantasy book. The opinions of others might even help me write a book, do something daring, or even just what movie to watch. That is the power of asking others for advice.

Advice can often lead to dangerous situations and even not be that great. That is why I should always ask for a second opinion ,and not just go off and do what one person told me. Weither it be an idea for how to start an essay or even what to eat tonight. Advice can be dangerous, but can be exactly what you wanted to hear or the opposite. The opinion of others can make me do wonders i never thought possible.