Although, Venus is seen as unlivable and dangerous to human life, NASA has thought of an idea to defeat the odds. Venus is our neighboring planet, and once long ago, may have been the most Earth-like. To this day,

there are still some anologous features. Will this be enough to convince the Nation that we should send NASA astronuats to Venus?

Venus is protected by a thick atomosphere of almost 97% carbon dioxide. The clouds on Venus are highly corrosive. Temperatures average 800 degrees F, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times more than what we experience here on Earth. If our neighboring planet is so inhospitable, why do scientists want to visit it?

NASA has a possible solution to all of these conditions that a human cannt withstand. The article states, "Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape." NASA's plan is to have a spacecraft floating above Venus' toxic atmosphere. Temperatures would still be toasty, at around 170 degree Fahrenheit. But the air pressure would be close to Earths at sea level. There would be enough solar power, and the radiation levels would not exceed Earth's. These are not easy living conditions, but they are just enough for survival. This brilliant idea does come with soem downfalls. The astronauts would not be able to collect samples of rock, gas, or anything from this distance. Standard forms of photography or videography would render useless.

I think NASA should not send researches to Venus without having enough background information. They should continue conducting research. If researchers would to Venus, they would have to risk their health and maybe even lives, to collect some samples. I think NASA should work on different mechanical and technological approaches.

Exploring Venus could give NASA insight information of its past, present and future features. Although NASA has come up with a seemingly brilliant plan, there is some downsides to it. Overall, safety becomes the first priority, there is still some work that needs to be done.            