The Electoral College consists of more cons than pros. The systems that the unprogrammed engineers work on are complicated vast perspectives. When a president gets elected the most voters and does not recieve presidency, wouldn't that confuse you. Popular voting is an effective way to give a candidate presidency simply because the people want that candidate to be the one responsible for the United States. The Electoral College needs to change the way it picks its president. Otherwise, the U.S. would be vulnerable to a president that most people completely denied for the other candidate.

The thing with popular voting is that people can get the president they want. When the elections are based on which candidate has the most popular votes, there are no crazy tricks or a hidden trump card. All you have is a candidate that deserves to be the president of the United States. A good example is Al Gore and his presidency crisis. Most voters looked up to him as president. It was only until the quirks of the electoral college stole his opportunity of becoming president thanks to the system of the electoral college we have today. The situation that makes this crisis even worse is how the voters for the actual electors themselves cannot control whether they win the election or lose. This means that if we keep the routine of the electoral college we have now, there are many opportunities for an unwanted elector. Therefore, leading to an unwanted president.

Ever since 2000, many people have been suffering from economics and industry. This is the simple result of a bad electoral college system. The people of course should have most of the perks in picking a president. If the president is bad at his job in making the U.S. habitable, then the electors are to blame for making a huge mistake. Many doors are opened to sudden changes and confusing decisions. John F. Kennedy could've lost his position since all of the votes didn't necessarily go to him. There's a valid reason why people vote for a candidate. To pick the president they know suits them best.

I will admit to this though. Popular voting is not the accurate way to go through with. I mean there are situations where people just pick a president because he looks proffesional. Others are simply racist and go for the white candidate or even vise-versa. Popular voting is not perfect in the sense of the psychological opinions of the voters themselves. Besides, all of the people living in american soil are different minded. There is literally no way to immediately recognize who the voter is and why his reasons for voting are wrong. There is also nothing we can do since people are allowed to vote for whatever reasons they want.

Due to all of the information given to me about Al Gore and unwanted electors, it is the best solution to change the system to popular voting. Both sides of the arguments have strong reasons to either keep their system or change the way the electoral college is run. Meanwhile, lets be honest. There have been more political downfalls with the system we have now that can be fixed with popular voting. Even though there are people that vote for selfish and unreliable reasons, there is still a balance of the people who want this president and the people who don't. The U.S. is consisted of minds that think completely different in the sense of human nature. We don't live in a utopia where everyone agrees with eachother. Now, being able to let the U.S. decide who they want their president to be, it sounds like a pretty fair way to elect a new president, don't you think?                                            