What if you could go to school at home on you're own time. This is what some schools are doing using online classes or video conferencing. Although some say that this is beneficial to students other's say that this is a bad idea. Their are many reasons that this is a Good idea.

Many students at school attend on a regularly many are late every day to school and there held accountable. With online classes whos to say if your really there or not. This also can diminish social skills making good connections key for a future employment. Some students dont have access to computer or stable internet at home if they where sick or worse home bound and they could not receive there assessments they'd flunk out of school. My county offers computers and 4G hot spots to students but others are not so lucky.

While there are some downsides there are many more positive reasons that students should have the option to attend classes online. If a student is sick or otherwise unable to attend school they can still receive class time, without being suffocated with all the work that comes with missing a day or, even worse a week of school. If you haft to attend a function during school hours you end up missing class with little understanding of what is going on when you get back with online learning you can watch the class over again at different time and better help you under the class.

More than 70% of Americans live within ten miles of a school others are outside a school bus pickup zone and cant get to school on time or at all; this is a bigger problem in rural counties where if your parents cant drop you off or you cant drive yourself then you cant attend school. If you are old enough to stay at home alone than you can take online school.

In conclusion the pros out wight the cons with online distance learning. Will this learning option be viable in the future I sure hope so. It brings so many more learning options to the nation at litte cost to the tax payer. Now you know why you should suport online distance learning.