There are many advantages of limiting your car usage and it too can help the Earth. Limiting car usage can be very helpful towards your health and your environment around you. Elisabeth Rosenthal, Robert duffer and Andrew selsky has all written down thier opnions down suggesting for more people to use bikes, buses or even walking to help people use less cars.

Why, would anyone walk but have easier transport by driving a car? because by walking you being saving money and lowering down pollution that is in the air. In

In German Suburb, Life goes on without cars written by Elisabeth Rosenthal; she is explaining how in Vauban,Germany is a "car-free" city and if you own a car owership you would have to pay a lot of money just for a space in your home for you car. Elisabeth has eclaimed that " Car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to park-large garages at the edge of the development, where a car-owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home". This quote is showing how by owning your own car can cause too much money in a place that doen'st allow cars but when they do allow cars, you have to pay double of the price of a normal car. There is also something else that is interesing that Elisabeth has also stated: "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car- intensive areas in the United States". This quote is showing us that cars waste too much gas and it goes up into our greenhouse and it is destroying our planet. If the percent number keeps going up, our earth can be harmful.

Also, by not using your car, it can lower down rush-hours and traffice. As stated in this quote by Andrew Selsky written in

Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota: "

Rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffice; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up". That is very good for the people because they would getting plenty of exerices while walking and they would not have to deal with beeping cars behind them or being stuck in the same place for couples of hours. If more people people come into walking or riding bikes to their homes,schools,or jobs; the bike places would get a lot of money for their bikes and that is good because the car dealership places would get less money and would close down. This quote from

The end of car culture by Elisabeth Rosenthal reflects how the bike shops would get new priorities: "New York's new bike-sharing program and its skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities, as do a proliferation of car-sharing programs across the nation". This is showing how paying for a bike would benefit you and the planet by not buying a car that is polluting the air.

Finally, Paris has been noticing smog going everywhere in france and needs to do something about it so they enforced a partial driving ban to clear up the air. As stated in this quote by Robert Duffer who has written

Paris bans driving due to smog,

"Diesel fuel was blamed, since France has . . . [a] tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline". This quote is explaining how using up too much gasoline can lead to serious problems like having heavy smog everywhere in the country. That only does France have heavy smog but Paris does have the most smog, other European countries as well as stated in this quote: "Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals...[Last] week Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter (PM) per cubic metere compared with 144 in Brussels and 79.7 in London, Reuters found"(Duffer). Having so much smog that you aren't able to see toward can be very dangrous.

In concluson, Being able to save your money, and help out the Earth can always be a good thing. Polluting the air can lead to many problems in the future and that could damage many lives and places. Always know how to respect your planet by always using less gas or no gas at all. Biking and walking can lead to a better future and it would turn out better than using a car.                    