Have you ever got a summer project to work on during summer break? Was it your idea? The teachers idea? I personally think summer projects should only be teacher-designed. Students forget what they learn from the pass school year, it would help teachers keep the students more aware of the topic and if was teacher-designed more student would be willing to do the project then from picking a topic themselves.

Summer break is suppose to be a break from school but most students forget what they learned over the passed school year. Teachers try to help with this problem by giving students summer projects. If a student was to design their own project it wouldn't benefit the student if it wasn't what they need in upcoming years. A teacher would know what each student needs to work on and give that student that task of a project. This would help prepare students for the upcoming year and easier for them to learn.

Teachers find it harder to reteach old subjects because students forget over the break. For example if you're in a part two math class and need previous classes its going to be hard remembering those skills over break. It is harder to reteach and teach new topics in one school year, this would help not moving so fast in class and rushing to learn everything. Having teacher-designed projects would help students remember and grasp what they learned over the school year. It would continue their learning and might bring them to new topics to learn about.

Most students like to have fun and forget about school during the summer. Having them have a assignment from a teacher would be more persuasive to do then having to pick your own assignment. A teacher-designed project would have more pressure on you and more willing to do it. If you have a task and know what you need to create a project on it would be more beneficial to the student, then them picking a topic they know a lot about. If they picked a project they felt comfortable on they wouldn't learn much over the break.

A teacher-designed project would be easier on the student and teachers. If you make it teacher-designed then you can help students not forget things they learned over the school year, it would help teachers not have to reteach subjects and it would be easier for the student to get it done over the summer break. It would all together be more beneficial to the student and the teacher.