People love to have their on ideas but Is it important to hear other peoples advice? I think yes it is because of many reason including, one way is that they can hear what they did and what happened. Also they will have different ideas about what they experienced,and they can tell their story. Another one is after they all say their stories the person can pick the best one that they can choose the best one. That he or she likes the best and best relates to what he or she wants.

One way is to hear what they did and what happened because of what he or she did. Did he or she do the right thing or wrong thing what was the consequences. What if it was bad did they get in trouble and if so do you want to get in trouble. Even if he or she knows they will get in trouble would he or she still do it. I am not fully sure it is appending on what it is. Yes people can do bad things but if they know about it they are choosing to do it when they know the consequences. I personally think that it is good to hear what they did and what had happened when they did it to see if he or she should do it.

Another way is for them to tell their story if a person tells another person their story they can do the same thing,but he or she can make a couple different choices. To do the same thing but have a different outcome. Say a person tells another person a story. The other person wants to do it but in the story a person does something wrong say a speeding ticket. He or she can do the same thing but have different outcome by not speeding. See he or she can hear the story but change things to make it work for them.

The last idea for having multiple options is at the end of everyone talking to the person. Say a person didn't know what to do so he asked 10-15 people and they all gave him different ideas so he or she gets home and thinks. What one am I going to choose he had good ones and bad ones. So he or she rights all the ones on different note cards and throws away the bad ones and at the end she has 5 left. Now he or she thinks and eliminates 2 more now he or she has 3. The last 3 are good ideas so he or she thinks about it his or her choices. The one with the least money but also has a lot of entertainment which was go carting. It has low cost and high entertainment he or she can limit his or her choices by good and bad and how the person is feeling to give them a answer on where to go.

In conclusion, I think that having multiple options is one of the best things to have but that is in my option. By having different ideas coming to a person have ideas that a person would never think of. Like skydiving,snowboarding,skating,golfing or many other things can come to a person. However people can help influence us as long as the person knows right from wrong. By good selection, good people, and knowing what happens in those stories. A person could have a wonderful day and a lot of choices that no one would think of.  