Changing school policy so the privilege of extra curricular activities are taken away from students without a B or higher average is not the way a school should be run. Extra curricular activities are a must and must continue to be allowed. Although many people think of extracurricular activities as rewarding for bad grades, changing school policy is a bad idea because activities outside of school may be the only thing a child may have to look forward to and it provides children with physical activities that they need.

All ready, many children today are not getting enough exercise and if the schools were prohibit children from getting these activities these numbers would increase. Students need exercise and the school does not have the right to stop them from exercising. Students today may not be the brightest but they need sports to keep them out of trouble and their minds constantly working. Most cases where a teenager gets in trouble with the law, could be prevented because they need to be busy not just hanging around waiting to do something. School policy cannot change and must stay the way that it is.

Students often feel depressed on the days when there is nothing to look forward to and schools simply cannot have that. Sports provide the drive students need to not be depressed and even try harder in school. Without this drive students begin feeling as though there is nothing to live for and no reason to work harder and no teacher, principal, or parent wants that. Students cannot lose that drive or the world will be a less desirable place. The school policy must allow kids with a C average, below or above, to participate in extracurricular activities.

Although many people believe that they are rewarding students for their bad grades, they are thinking in the wrong direction. Parents can provide students with a bribe so to speak, so the student must work harder in school to continue playing. But that should be the parents choice, not the principal. The principal can control what goes on inside but not outside of school. The principal needs to understand what kids need, and a new school policy, is not it.

In conclusion, activities outside of school should not be regulated by a teacher or principal, but the parents. Students need the exercise and something to look forward to after school because without that, students would be unhappy thus making the school itself become a place students dread to be. All in all, the principal must leave the policy alone and allow activities after school for anyone, no matter what the grade.