Since our beautiful country was born we've always used the Electoral College system to elect our presidents. It's time that we modify this old rule and change it to the popular vote, because it's simply unfair to all the hardworking people that leave work early and have to wait in line for hours to fill out a little white paper. The Electoral does not allow for everyone's voice to be heard. Clearly, the Electoral college must change to the popular vote because of the winner take all method, & the confusion.

To begin with, the Electoral college is outdated because of the winner take all system. Even if the votes are off by one, whichever partygets the most popular votes gets all of the electoral votes; the United States are basically saying everybody else's voice that voted doesn't matter. This winner takes all system also deals with population, the bigger the state the more electoral votes. This ancient system is clearly stating the citizens of the smaller states votes do not matter. Although, the winner take all method induces the candidates to focus on the toss up states, it's still unfair to everyone.

In addition, the Electoral college is irrational because of all of the confusion and trust issues. Many of the citizens in our country don't even know what an electoral college is! Plus the fact that most people think they're voting for the president, but in reality they're voting for the slate of electors. It's also possible the electors that represent your party votes for the other candidate! Another major reason the Electoral college must be abolished is because the citizens do not even get to choose their very own electors! It's like buying a new car while being blindfolded and believing the dealer the car runs fine. Everyone's going to have skepticism so they should at least let the citizens choose their own electors. Then again, the Electoral college avoids run off elections.

In conclusion, the Electoral college was once a good idea for a starting country, but we now live in a elite dynasty that must have a few modifications on how the citizens elect their leader.    