I'm against driverless cars and trucks. I'm against driverless cars on the road because everyone woud have to buy the car at the same time or this wouldn't work.

This wouldn't work because the first half of people who get the driverless car will be safer. But then the half that doesn't have the smart car will run to the smart car and we are still back to square one. As it says in the story "sensors are nothing new." Sensors are always going to fail there is no way to stop technolgy from failing on point in time. Everything is too new. When one of the parts need replaced on these smart cars its going to cost a fourtne to fix. You already see how with all the technolgy in our cars now its getting to expensive to fix. The problem is the flaw is that they are going to have to keep updating cars and maps in the cars so the car to know the fastest way to the destination. Also if there is unexpected road work it will be try to go right threw the road work and i dont see that working.

The next problem i invision is that all the laws will have to be changed to meet the critera of the car. This will in a way force the people who dont want to buy a smart car to have to buy one. As stated in paragraph 9 the car are not reliable enough for the laws to get changed.

This is not a safe idea at all because there will always be that one parent that who will program there car to do something for the child and they will expect the car to get to that destination safely. But the risk of a malfunction is very great. The parent doesn't see the risk until it is too late and the child is either hit by another motorist or the car malfunctions and the kid runs into something and the car has gotten wrecked. I also don't feel like it should be the manufacturers fault for the stupidity of the parent.

Another problem is that if a person wants to stop at some where or at a gas station for a snack or for a restroom break they can't. They can't because the car was only programed to go to that certain place. So in other words you would have to go to the destination then turn right around and go to the gas station or store.

As of right now i still think that humans are way more reliable than technolgy. I feel like there will always be accidents. There is no way of stopping people from running in to each other at least once in the cars lifetime. You need alot more research fome me to go along with the idea of having smarter cars. So that is why I think that car should not be smarter yet.   