The author who wrote "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," did a wonderful job at suggesting that studying Venus is a worthy job. The author seems very educated and intellectual. The writing also seem very credible. The author backed up their idea by supporting their beliefs well with evidence. The author also provided numerous informations of planet Venus. Not only did they support it with facts, but also with wisdom.

The author started by giving readers information about Venus and how it relates to Earth, our world. The author described Venus as "Earth's twin." The author also let the reader know that Venus in the "closes planet to Earth in terms of density and size." By doing so, we may feel more connected to Venus since Earth is our home. It chatches our attention because we may feel that we can relate.

After readers get into reading, the author provided more great details about Venus. He described planet Venus conditions and why it is so challenging for scientists to study the "Evening Star." According to the author, the "conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth" and "would liquefy many metals." He also gave a background information on how each "previous mission was unmanned" and "no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours." This illustrates how dangerous Venus is. However, the author turn this negativity into a way to learn mistakes. The author says "Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus," in a way that those factors that may have led to fail previous missions could now be avoided. Mistakes do really teach us lessons.

After the author discussed about the dangers and challenges of Venus, readers may wonder why scientists would even bother to study such a life-less planet. Nonetheless, the author did a great job of backing up the counterclaim. The author argued back the counterclaim by explaining how Venus was once like Earth. It may have been a planet that "supported various forms of life" and "Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth." This may give readers hope and maybe change their perspective a little bit.

The author knows best about the dangers of exploring Venus than anyone. However, the author supported why it is still worth studying Venus by backing up with science. He talk about how NASA is working on devices that could stand on the harsh conditions on Venus. He also provided other promising projects NASA are working on such as " a vehicle hovering over Venus" that "would avoid the unfriendly ground condtions by staying up and out of their way." By doing this so, readers may be more hopeful and trust the author more. This also give the author to look forward to the future and more energy to further study Venus. The author also believe that it may be "survivable for humans" even though Venus does not have "easy conditions." It is in human nature to fight for survival, so readers may be interested.

The author is not only intellectual, but also very wise. They finished their argument by talking about how it may seem pointless to study such a dark world, but it is not always about science and facts but also it may "lead us into many equally intimiating endeavors." The author believe that we can do so much more than what we are given and are restricted of. The author believe that we should go beyond the limit. Never to hold back our curiosity but to let it "expanded to meet the very edges of imaginaton and innovation."