From the research and development of Dr. Huang and his colleague, computers are now able to understand what people are feeling based on the muschle movement on their faces. These muscle movement can be classified into basic emotions that human are experiencing. With the help of this program, computer can detect the emotions of people and make changes accordingly. I think this technology should be brought into classrooms for students as this can help them understand better by interpreting whether they are confused or not.

In Dr. Huang's prediction, he claims that the use of this technology can recognize the emotional status of the students. When they are detected to be confused, the computer can make changes to the lessons in order to make it easier or better explained. This can accelerate the progress of the study as teachers will not be worrying about which part that students do not understand. More specific explaination can be made immediately when students seem to be confused, and skip easier parts when students become bored. Classes will be become more efficient for both teachers and students: teachers will not be guessing what students do not understand and waste time on easy parts while students will always be learning what they actually need to understand.

Not only is this technology valuable in teaching students, but also crucial in finding out the feelings of them. Because this program records muscle movements on our faces, students will not be able to show an unreal emotion or it will be detected. Therefore, when teachers are trying to help students on their emotional difficulties, such as anger and sadness, they can understand what they are actually feeling. Students will not be able to hide their feelings by making false expressions that may help them escape from the help that they actually need. Teachers can understand what students are really feeling in their real emotions, and provide help as soon and helpful as possible. This technology can be crucial to students' lives even though they may try to avoid the help that is provided as they may not understand the outcome of those bad emotions. Therefore, I believe that besides the efficiency this technology can provide in education, the importance of it for teachers to communicate better with students should also have a considerable power in deciding whether or not it should be brought into classrooms.

The development of this technology can truly help the communication between people as they are able to understand what others really feel and express. Misunderstanding can be made right through this program as people can read the expression of others. In the classroom, students' expressions to different ideas can be detected and analyzed by the teachers. They can then give extra help based on the understanding of those expressions. Students feeling upset can also be understood, and teachers' immediate attention can be provided to them. This can save much time and effort in interpreting the real feeling of the students, making the school progress much more efficient. Therefore, I think that this technology will become very valuable in classrooms with its various ways in helping students and their teachers understanding of each other.   