Dear Senator,

I believe that is is time to get rid of the electoral college. The electrorial college is outdated and irrational, the best arguments are only assertions that dont have much basis in reality.

There are too many faults and risks in the electoral college such as the coming of a tie in the voting and that even though one canidate may win the popular vote they can still lose the election. As Bradford Plumer says "over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now" (paragraph 9). It would be better in elections for it to go by popular vote instead of representatives deciding for you. A solution for this could be to simply go by popular vote. There is also the fact that the electors could defy the will of the people.

The electors are not trust worthy. "Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy" (Bradford paragraph 11). They did this so the popular vote would not actually go to Kennedy. In the past electors have refused to vote for their party's canidate and cast a vote on whomever they want. People are thinking we have "faithless" electors because of this. We need to select electors that we can trust will go by the states overall decision instead of their own personal preference.

It is hard to vote for the president not knowing if your vote is actually going to mean anything. Us as voters cannot control what the electors do and who they vote for, we just have to hope that our canidate wins. Us as voters also sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong canidate. The voters need to know that their vote is going to mean something for the canidates running and that their decision will be taken into consideration.

To conclude the electoral college is not a safe and trust worthy system. I believe that the arguments against electoral colleges are much stronger tyhan the ones saying to keep it around, give the people what they want. No more electoral college!

sincerely,

PROPER_NAME                  