Driverless Cars are a major form of transportation that will hopefully arrive in the near future. These cars will be able to drive on their own on the roadways. So far, there are cars that are semi-autonomous, where the driver still needs to retain some control. Driverless cars will have a better impact on drivers in the future, such as an increase in advanced technology, an increase in safety, and the ability to assist drivers.

One major aspect of the driverless cars would be the increased advanced technology. This technology will be able to mimic a human driver. Sensors will play a big role in this, and Google's Toyota Prius includes sensors on the left rear wheel, on the roof, radar sensors, an inertial motion sensor, a video camera on the rearview mirror, and a GPS receiver. Also, a spinning sensor on the roof of the car allows laser beams to create a 3-D model of the car's surroundings, which will enable the car to have more control.

Another benefit of driverless cars would be the improvement in safety. Sensors will become more advanced and will be able to detect and avoid dangerous situations. The information from the sensors can allow the car to apply brakes to individual wheels and reduce the power from the engine. This will provide more control over the car and can even have a better response than a human can. As technology increases and becomes more advanced, sensors and computer software and hardware will provide more safety to drivers and passengers and also allow cars to handle tougher situations on their own.

Along with the improved technology of driverless cars, these cars will be able to assist drivers on the roadways. Drivers don't have to completely go hands-off while driving, but the car can make driving easier and safer. So far, none of the developed cars is completely driverless, but they can perform most of the basic roadway tasks. Humans only need to take over in dangerous situations, such as an accident or while driving through work zones. The cars will be able to get the driver's attention when a problem arises, so that the driver doesn't necessarily have to pay attention to the road the whole time. They will only have to pay attention during certain situations that the car cannot handle.

Driverless cars have not fully been developed yet, but manufacturers have been working to create fully-functioning driverless cars, and will hopefully be on the roadways sometime in the near future. There are many more benefits of these cars than there are limitations, and they will make driving much easier and safer for drivers and passengers in the future.