I think Policy one is the right policy. Think about most people need to have there phones at school because maybe after school they need to call someone to pick them up. Or maybe they have no lunch money and they didn't bring a lunch so they need to call their parents to bring them one. I mean I've had to call my parents before during school to tell them I needed something. One time I forgot to bring my book to school and I left it at home. So I called my mom to bring to school for me and she did. So I got a hundred on bring my book to school that day. Think if something happened like the mom got a flat tire driving to school to pick them up. Then they would need a phone so they're parent could call them and tell them they needed to find a ride home. Think if the principle told them you couldn't have a phone at school. They could be sitting at school waiting for their mom to come get them but it never happens because they don't have a phone and the persons mom couldn't tell the kid she had a flat tire. Making a rule for a kid not to be able to have a phone at school would be outrageous. I also think it's a great plan to let the students be able to use their phones at lunch and dearing passing periods, not like it will effect anyone. Plus

I've seen kids go crazy at school because they forgot to bring it to school it's amazing. If really think taking kids phones away during school is going to help your living in a fantasy world. It's not the phones it are making grades go down it's because they make school no fun, so it's boring and no one wants to even be there. If people really want kids to have better test scores make school have more energy in it. No kid wants to learn in a boring environment. So yes policy one is ten times better then policy two. If they really want kids to get rid of their phones then make all the teachers including the principle get rid of her. Also make them only be able to office phone if it's an emergency. I know no teacher would go for that, so why do kids need to get rid of their phones.