Cars are one of the main causes of air pollution is the United States and the world. If everyone would limit their car usage, one would see all the great benefits of not using a car as much. Limiting car usage helps keep our planet clean and people would be a lot happier.

To begin with limiting car usage would help keep our plant clean. In the article, "Paris bans driving due to smog", the author, Duffer, states "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." After this ban was enforced Paris' air was cleared in a less than a week. This proves that one doesn't even have to limit their car usage a lot, even just a little bit helps. In the article, "The End of Car Culture", the author, Rosenthal, claims that Bill Ford, chairman of the Ford Motor Company, wants to create cities in which "pedestrain, bicycle, private cars, commerical and public transportatons traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lowers emmissions and improve safety." This shows that even Bill Ford, the chairman of FORD MOTOR COMPANY, even agrees that limiting car usage would help lower global pollution.

On another hand, limiting car usage makes people a lot happier. In the article, "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars", the author, Rosenthal, states "'When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way,' said Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two...." A normal person, a person like everyone else, claims that they're happier without a car, less stressful, imagine what just limiting your car usage would do. In the article, "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota", the author, Selsky, says "'It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,' said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as her rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife." This shows that limiting car usage for just a day, takes away stress and helps the planet. Wouldn't it be nice to have a stress-free day?

In conclusion, limiting car usage, even just a little, reduces pollution and causes happiness. One can help themselves, while also helping the planet.    