Humans always want to come up with new ways to make life simpler, wether it be a microwave that runs faster, or even more comfortable running shoes. Those all seem like pretty mundane things compared to what manufactures are developing now. Try to think of a world where cars use half of they use for fuel today, or where nobody has to buy a car because they aren't needed. Thats what manufaturers are trying to do, they are trying to develop cars that do not need drivers, cars that can drive themselves. Since the 1950's people have been trying to develop cars that do not require a driver. Personally I do not agree with the idea of a driverless car.

The idea is a good one but it's been in development since the 1950's and they still haven't made a fully functional driverless car. There are people who say the reason why is because we don't have the exact technology to actually create a car the is driverless, yes that is true, but when will they have the technology. Five years from now, twenty years from now, we don't know and whose to say we will ever get that technology. Google anounced that it had cars that could drive on their own, but only on special circumstances. The cars they have developed the driver still has to stay alert for when the car gets into roadwork, or has to drive around an accident. That could pose a danger because what if the driver falls asleep or isn't paying attention to the road. That could pose a threat to both the driver and others well being.

Also some manufacturers have been developing a smart road system with dual polarity magnets, the cars would read the polarities and would stay on the road. The issue with that is to create a smart road system would take to much time and effort to put together, which make it very impractical. Instead manufaturers turned to smarter cars instead. They desinged it to have sensors that would mimic the actions of a human, like monitering the road, video cameras mounted near the rearveiw mirror, and a inertial motion sensor. It all sounds very grand, elaborite, and very expensive.

In 2013 BMW announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assist". The car would be able to handle driving functions at a speed of twenty five miles per hour. However, special touch sensors make sure the driver always have their hands on the wheel. I see multiple issuse with the idea of a "Traffic Jam Assist", first off the car can only take control of functions at speeds of twenty five miles per hour. Also the driver has to take control if they are to go over twenty five miles per hour. In fact none of the cars that have been developed actually are truly driverless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake, but the driver still has to take control sometimes. What would happen if the driver got distracted or fell asleep at the wheel? Disaster would follow.

There are many perks about driver less cars, less fuel being one of them but there are also many issues I see with the cars developed. Having to have a driver in them ready to take over if nessesary, some states not allowing driverless car test, not having the exact technology needed to make these cars a safe as possible, and not to mention human error that can always occur in driving. I believe that maybe in the future when technology has advance more then maybe diverless cras wouldn't be obsolete. But right now in the era of 2016 driverless cars are not needed. Mainly because we still have driving issuse that need to be solved like people getting distracted by phones, reackless drivers, and cars that aren't built good to begin with. So in the future they might have a purpose but until they can develop a car that is completly safe and has the technology needed to create it, we simply do not need driverless cras. 