"The Electoral College is a process, not a place". It was established as a  compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote elected by the citizens. But people such as Bradford plumer are staring to think even the "best-laid defenses of the system are wrong". While others believe we should keep our "despised method of choosing the President" said - Richard A. Posner. but in all reality the Congress should keep the Electoral College as a way of electing the presidents and its candidates, even though it could use some updating.

The Electoral College should be kept as the way of voting for the President and his/hers candidates. "Despite the lack of democratic predigree, its all pratical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons." says Posner. A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible, but its not likely than a dispute over the popular vote. Basically its a certainty of an outcome, Now understanding the fact that the electoral college voters vote not for the president, but for the state of electors, and over 60 perecent of the voters would prefer a direct election. Only because the people believe the electoral college is unfair, outdated and irrational to the voters. People can see what the ones against the electoral college are upset about, its true, it is the electors who elect the president, not the citizens who vote. But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominees, and that trust hardley ever betrayed.

Ones against have said "the large states get more attention from presidental candidates in a campaign rather than a small state". They also have said "the winner of the take it all system in each state, candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all, including South Carolina and Rhode Island.. they didnt even get a single ad". But the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance that the large states lose in population.

Plumer strongly believes to abolish the electoral college. This year he already expects a close election in which the popular vote winner could lose the the presidency yet again, but the electoral college still has its defenders.. In his arguement he would call the electoral college a "disaster factor". The only disater factor on the electoral college is that its not a modern sense.. When you vote for a presidental candidate your actually voting for a slate of electors. The Electoral College needs to be updated in the method of selecting a president.

In a nutshell, the Electoral College should be the way to vote for the president and the candidates. It could be argued that the elctoral college is unfair and not updated, which is true, the electoral college needs to be updated. But the electoral college was made by founding fathers as a compromise, and it should stay that way.            