Driverless cars are currently in development that are able to navigate roads without the control of a human for a majority of the time. An innovation like this has the ability to change the world. Driverless cars would be able to form a public-transport system similar to taxis. Eventually, in the near future, a human driver would not be necessary. The development of these cars should continue because they use less fuel, they are in less accidents, and they help with the short attention span of a human.

Driverless cars should continue to be developed because they use less fuel than a taxi. Google cofounder, Sergey Brin, foresees driverless cars using half the fuel of today's taxis. This would help the environment tremendously. In large cities such as New York city, taxis are a huge part of the public transit system. This many cars use a lot of fuel, and cutting that amount in half would be very beneficial to the environment.

Another reason driverless cars should continue to be developed is that they are in less accidents. Google has had cars that could, under spcific conditions, independently drive themselves. Google cars have driven over 500,000 miles without a crash. However, Google cars are not completely driverless, as they still need a human driver in some situations. Even though humans are needed for some manuvers, most of the driving would be done by the car, which can drive, on average, better than people. The cars are also able to sense and respond to dangerous situations, such as skids or rollovers. It would be able to apply brakes to the wheels that need it as well as reduce power from the engine. This results in a better response than a human driver could ever do on their own.

Driverless cars also help with the short attention spen of a human. People can be alert and aware on the road, but not all of the time. Humans can get tired, bored, and let their mind wander. With driverless cars, people would be allowed to let their mind drift, as long as they can be alerted when they need to take over the car. These cars would be able to do that with flashing lights, vibrating seats, annoucements, and other alerts. The car would do what it is able to, and when it needs a driver to take over, it simply lets the person know. The manufacturers are also considering using cameras that watch the driver to make sure they are paying attention.

In conclusion, the devolpment of these cars should continue because they use less fuel, which would be really good for the environent. It would especially help in the larger cities, where taxis are common and pollution is at high levels. They are also in less accidents, and they could prevent a lot of people from getting hurt as well as property from getting damaged. The short attention span of people is another problem that could be helped by driverless cars. People can not pay full attention to the road for long periods of time, but if driverless cars can drive for the majority of the time while only needing a person to take over occasionally, it would be a lot easier to drive long distances and it would be easier for the driver. 