All my life I've always had to school. From Pre-K all the way up until now. People who complete school at home are normally actors, students who move a lot and don't really have time to go to school and people who suffer from illnesses. Some people argued that having kids attend class from home wouldn't benefit them from learning. However they are wrong because students, especially in college, have video conferences with their teachers fit hey aren't able to make it to class due to health related problems, family emergencies,

Having an illness can sometimes get in the way especially when it comes to school. My big sister and I, we are the only ones who have a chronic illness in our family. She has C.F and type 2 Diabetes while I have Lupus and heart problems. Everyday is hard for us because we try to keep our health in check and try to maintain our grades in school. My sister is currently in College, she goes to Generic_School, and as of right now she is in the hospital, she has gotten sick again. Every time my sister goes into the hospital, she has to complete her work online because she isn't able to be in class. My sister hates going to the hospital because when she's in the hospital its hard for her to get her work done because every 45 minutes she has to do something. So now she put a 'do not disturb from 9:00 am - 1:30 pm' sign on her door so she can complete her work. So especially with her being in the hospital, we don't think that having students work from home is an issue.

For me its different, the only time when I'm not at school its because I'm either at a doctors appointment or I have to unexpectedly go to the hospital. Whenever I'm not at school i do all my work ahead of time on an app that my school has called schoology. Schoology helps me turn in my work, stay organized, it tells me when things are do and what is over due. I normally try to do all my work in school or when i'm with my mom at home because if i try to complete my homework or school work when i'm alone, I get distracted and my work doesn't get done. Unless I'm with an adult and they're making sure I do my work its hard for me to focus.

If I had a choice I would choose to do my school work online, it would be easier and better for me. Being at school makes me uncomfortable. I don't really like a lot off people and I don't really get along with a lot of people.

Being in Generic_school doesn't really help at all. It helps prepare me for my future but it also takes a toll on my body. When I'm in a class with really smart people it make me feel as if I'm below them and with me trying to make my mom proud, I push myself mentally a physically. At school I'm under a whole bunch of stress and pressure trying to pack work into one day so I can get it done. Nobody really understand what I go through so I try to be strong so I can make others happy. When things don't turn out how I want it, I get upset ad let all my emotions go. It hard trying to stay positive all the time. Where as if I'm at home I can be free complete things on my time, I can take time on my assignments, I don't have to compare myself to others, and I can be me. At home there is no one to judge and I feel more comfortable to work at home. People, parents, like to argue that being in school helps children physically and mentally. However they are incorrect because adults have no idea how much tress and pressure they're putting in their children. On the outside ewe smile and act like everything is okay while on the inside we're tired, broken and misunderstood. We always try to do what's best for our teachers and make our teachers proud that we forget that we are human too and we have to listen to ourselves and do what's best for us.

Therefore, Schools should offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home. completing task or classes online helps students when they are sick, have health issues, move a lot, and or aren't financially wealthy to go to school then they should be allowed to take classes online. As person who as health issues I feel as though all student should get the choice if the want to complete school online or not. Its their choice and nobody can force them but some parents force their children to go to school, work hard and do everything they can to have a better future. Adult just need to realize they can't always control children to do what they want, they need to let children live and experience stuff on their own. All school should have the choice for a child to take classes online as an alternative. Students can make thier own decisions when it come to how they want attend school.