Being able to calculate if someone is happy or sad is not valuable. People themselve should be able to tell if someone is happy or sad even if they are covering it up. Dr. Eckman is able to detect if someone is happy or sad without FACS ( Facial Action Coding System). You can detect someone's emotions by the way they are acting.

Even without the new technology that the doctors invented to detect your emotions people should be able to tell if someone if happy, sad, etc. People should be able to tell if they are sad when they arent talking as much as they used to or mad when they have a bad attitude. They could tell when their happy when they are acting normal and laughing at jokes. Also your mostly with the people that you know the best so you should be able to tell their emotions.

Dr. Paul Eckman, the creator of FACS, is able to detect someones emotions without his new system. If Dr. Eckman could teach people how to detect someone's emotions then it would spread across the world then nobody would need the new system. When Dr. Eckman told us to look in the mirror and do the three steps he provided he was teaching us how to detect if someone is happy. Dr. Eckman created something that could be easily taught to people around the world. If people are able to be taught what FACS could do then therefor you do not need FACS.

Many people all around the world mostly are only with people that they really know personally. You should be able to detect how someone close to you is feeling be how they are acting. If they are not acting normal they obviously something is wrong, so now you need to find out what is wrong. They could detect if they are sad if they are not talking a lot and moslty just sitting around. If they are mad you could just look at their facial expressions when you tell them something and be able to tell if they are mad. So you should easily be able to detect the mood of somebody be the way they are acting.

The FACS that Dr. Eckman created is most likely expesive to make and install, also could talk alot of time. So if he would just teach people how to detect peoples different emotions by their facial expressions they he could be saving a lot of time and money. Once Dr. Eckman has taught people then people will then begin to teach other people, which then would lead to nobody needing the FACS.           