No cell phones allowed

Ring ring ring "I thought I told you to turn off your cell phone" said the teacher "hold on a second and I will" said RELATIVE_NAME. This is why cell phones should not be allowed at school. They are disruptive, annoying, and causing more and more people to use slang language instead of proper grammar.

One reason why I think this way is because they are disruptive. Say for instance, that you are a teacher and you were trying to teach your class. Well while you are teaching them they will just be messing with their phone texting all their friends that are also not doing any work either. I mean really it would make teaching children one hundred percent harder believe me. Over fifty percent of all kids have been called or text during class and it throws them off task making them wonder why that person either called or text them.

Another reason why is because they are annoying. Like for instance, I was in the middle of class at the peak of learning and then all of a sudden a random ring tone started going off because someone did not turn off their phone. Over twenty-five percent of students have had that happen to them. I mean if students were allowed to use phones in school, it would be a world of ring tones and they would never be focused and the future of America would be doomed.

Last but not least, because of the grammar. Since texting was invented, there have been words that have been turned into acronyms, spelled differently and because of that, people even started talking like that. I mean now when you talk to someone they are likely to use slang language instead of proper grammar. I mean letting kids text at lunch and at school is like giving a little boy a game boy to play with during class.

This is why I thought this way because of the disruptions, they are annoying, and that it ruins proper grammar. If you ask me, they should not be allowed on school grounds at all unless they need it for an event but then it should be turned off, battery taken out, and stuffed in their backpack.