School can be draining for some students, constantly having to get up early in the morning and drive or walk to school. The pressure and anxiety of school can also be too stressful on kids, causing students' learning to become harder. Nowadays there are more options for a student's education like public schools or homeschooling. One option that some schools have is online classes, where students can learn from their home. This option is very useful and can benefit many students and here's why.

In this generation there are more and more students with mental health issues like depression and or anxiety. These issues can cause fatigue and stress the students out, making it harder for them to get their work done. My friend, Generic_Name, struggles every day to get his work done because being around strangers makes him very anxious. Online schooling can be very helpful and relieving for students like him though. With online schooling they can stay in the comfort of their home and not have to stress about other students around them. They also would not have to worry about getting to school either.

Aside from mental health, other students have difficulty focusing with other students around them. The noise from their peers could prevent them from getting their work done. My other friend, Generic_Name, has trouble staying focused in class because of how loud and crowded the classroom always is. Online schooling would prevent that though. Students like her would stay in the safe and quiet environment of their home, which helps them more to get their work done, rather than being in a crowded and noisy environment where it would be harder for them.

Though online classes are very helpful towards students and also a wonderful option for them, it does have a few cons. There will always be that handful of students that can't attend their online classes. Unfortunately not every student has enough money for computers or other streaming devices. Another thing that isn't available for everyone is wifi, not all students live in an area with strong wifi nor can they go out to a public place like a cafe to use wifi. Online classes would actually be harder for them.

Though not all, a majority of students can benefit from online schooling. More and more kids today have trouble going to public schools and getting an education can be difficult for them. There is more pressure from peers and teachers now than ever. Online schooling can change that though and help students get a better education while also being healthy and comfortable.