When school is let out for the year students are free from learning, and other stressful projects. While this seems perfect for the students there are some repressions. When students get back into school from their freedom filled break they often are thrown right back into class with little left from the previous year. Seeing as this was an obvious problem schools came up with a solution to hopefully prevent students from being completely lost. Each student is required to complete a project over break, but the question is should the teachers be responsible of what the projects on, or should students be allowed to have a say in what they have to work on.

There are many benefits to allowing students to pick their own projects to do. Each make giving the students the power to chose very beneficial. For starters If students get to chose their topic then they will be more likely to do that project, because nothings worse than having to do a project over break without the freedom of doing it on something you like, or something your good at. Another benefit is that if students get to chose a topic they like than the overall quality of their work is bound to increase.

The second big benefit of letting students chose is that they may be inspired to seek out other forms of education. The ability to chose a topic may make students enjoy the project more. This could make the student eager to search for a group or organization that does classes and projects over the summer. in doing so the student may stumble across a topic or field that interests them. This could cause them to be eager to sign up for future classes when school starts back up again.

The final advantage to letting students pick their project is. The project the are made to do over summer will help them retain some knowledge that would most likely be lost during this vacation. While it may only be one subject from one class the chance of them forgetting that little bit of knowledge is very small. However, the biggest advantage this would give a student is that they would go into school with the skill and practice of working instead of starting off with a blank slate again.

As you can see it is important to let students pick their own topics. This will help with many useful skills while not really in school. As well as help inspire the students to began seeking out higher forms of additional education. That is why students should be given creative freedom when tasked with a over summer project.