Autonomous cars are the cars of the future.

They will be able to drive themselves without any human interaction needed.

Autonomous cars would be far more intelligent than any human driver, preventing numerous crashes that are due to driver discraction.

Autonomous cars will forever change the way people commute.

Autonomous cars would change the way people commute to and from work.

They would also change the way people travel.

With no human needed at the wheel, autonomous us cars can make traveling long distances a lot more enjoyable.

It would also allow the human occupants to do others things rather than just sit and look out the window.

Autonomous cars are also a lot smarter than the average human driver.

This comes from the fleet of sensors that are stored on-board. These sensors include cameras, GPS, inertial motion sensors, automotive radar, and the most important of all, LIDAR.

LIDAR uses laser beams to map the area around the car.

This generates and 360 degree 3-D model of what is happening around the car.

In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming", the author points out many good atributes of the autonomous car.

The author claims that autonomous cars would use one half of the fuel used by the taxis of today.

Less fuel used could mean less toxic emmissions and a cleaner environment.

The author also states that the autonomous car would have more flexibility than a bus.

Today, a bus runs along a predetermined route.

A public-transportation system that used autonomous cars would be far better for those pepole who do not want to stay along that predetermined route.

Autonomous cars will also be a lot safer.

The article reports that Google's fleet of autonomous cars have driven more than half a million miles and have not had an accident.

The autonomous car would be a lot safer for the people riding inside but also for the people around it.

Autonomous cars are able to see everything that is going on in its sphere of influence.

This is something a human driver could not do because we do not have a 360 degree range of vision.

The autonomous car is driving its way into our everyday lives.

Its will make the world a safer and cleaner place to live in.

The autonomous car will change the way people commute forever.            