Phones and Driving

Each year phones are getting more advanced, which makes them more addicting for society. This addiction has gotten so bad people use them while in the driver's seat. According to the NLM and NIH they say, "After declining from 1999 to 2005, fatalities from distracted driving increased 28% after 2005, rising from 4572 fatalities to 5870 in 2008". This proves the idea that distracted driving is growing because of the popularity of phones. Phones should not be allowed during driving because it puts lives at risk, it sets a bad example for future drivers, and it increases the chance for a car crash which means more cost for car damages. All drivers should pay attention to the road to ensure they are ready to respond to any situation.

All drivers should leave their phones while driving because it puts lives at risk. As stated by the Miller and Zois law firm more and more people are dying from distracted driving accidents a year. In the article it says, "The U.S. Department of Transportation reported that cell phone use while driving kills 3-000 to 6,000 people every year." The evidence given supports the idea that due to the use of phones being so popular the number of people in an accident increases and that many of these accidents could have been avoided if drivers had paid attention to the road. In an article made by TeenSafe, it provides an incident about a woman that killed and injured young children due to texting and driving. In the article it says, "In May of 2017, Ohio woman Natasha Boggs, 25, killed two 14-year-old girls and severely injured a 15-year-old boy when she was texting and driving." This was a sad accident that was caused because of the use of phones while driving. The evidence shows that the use of phones while driving causes innocent drivers to turn into killers. Phones should not be used while driving since it causes lives to be lost.

The use of phones while driving should not be allowed because it spreads to the next generation. If the older drivers text while driving it shows newer drivers that it's ok to do it. According to a survey done by Jama Pediatrics, many parents say that using phones while driving is bad but about half of them still do it. In the article, it states, "Indeed, 52 percent of millennial parents (22 to 37 years old) and 58 percent of older parents said they thought it was 'never' safe to text and drive..... But almost two-thirds of parents have read texts while driving, and more than half of them have also written texts, the survey of 435 parents in 45 U.S. states found." The evidence provided helps prove that parents are not providing exemplary performances for their kids who will one day grow up repeating the process. With this study done by Jama Pediatrics it stamps the idea that texting and driving should stop with the older drivers to make sure the future of driving is bright for the newer. The NHTSA has ways on lowering the rate of distracted driving crashes. As stated by the NHTSA they say, "Parents first have to lead by example-by never driving distracted-as well as have a talk with their young driver about distraction and all of the responsibilities that come with driving. Have everyone in the family sign the pledge to commit to distraction-free driving." This is an important comment because the next generation of drivers wouldn't now the exemplary way of driving if someone didn't show them. If parents or other qualified drivers don't teach kids the exemplary way to drive then lots of car accidents are going to happen and one of them might lose a life

Texting and driving is a dangerous activity and should not be allowed because of the increased chance of a car crash and the cost of that crash. In any car accident it can cost a lot to repair the damages and if the driver is in continuous car accidents due to texting and driving the cost can double. According to Peachtree Financial Solutions they say, "In the event that an individual is involved in an accident with substantial damage, the typical cost can run approximately $5000 to start and then quickly increase from there, depending on the specifics of the accident." This was included to show how much money a person could have to pay for in a car accident which could have been done by texting and driving. A study done by The Zebra on young drivers presents critical information. For example, the article says, "Including the cost to people's lives, these crashes were responsible for $129 billion - or 15 percent - of the overall societal damage caused by motor vehicle crashes. This number only goes up after your primary offense." The evidence shown explains that the cost of car crashes is very high. This can be best interpreted that getting into a car crash would not be beneficial to a person in a person in a car crash a situation which could be caused by texting and driving. If the cost of car crashes is constantly increasing each year then people shouldn't be texting and driving because it causes car crashes.

The evidence shown above helps prove that phones are dangerous to use while driving because it puts lives at risk, sets bad examples for future drivers, and it increases the chance of a car crash which means a lot of money to pay for damage. It's important to realize that if we don't take more offensive action to stop texting while driving then it will ruin the lives of families. If we don't stop this, the bad actions will carry on to the next generation and the next until we stop.

If we don't stop this then car crashes will continue to occur and the price for the damage will skyrocket. Texting while driving needs to be taken more seriously or the world will be chaotic.

Works cited:

1. https://www. millerandzois. com/texting-driving-statistics. html

2. https://teensafe. com/texting-and-driving-crashes-facts-and-statistics/

3. https://www. reuters. com/article/us-health-parents-driving/most-parents-text-while

-driving-but-millennials-may-be-more-dangerous-idUSKCN1SJ1W1

4. https://settlementfunding. com/accidents/the-average-car-accident-cost/

5. https://www. thezebra. com/texting-and-driving-statistics/         