The principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Is this a good or a bad thing? Answering this question is quite simple, because there is only one correct answer. All students participating in an activity is an excellent thing. There are several reasons why kids should be in extracurricular activities. Kids should partake in extracurricular activities because of the social benefits, students will learn valuable life skills, and there are numerous health benefits.

Firstly, students need social skills to survive everyday life. Many kids in this day and age lack the basic social skills they need to excel in life. Joining the different extracurricular activities that the school has to offer can help with that issue. Students will make new friends and build bonds that could last for the rest of their lives. Making friends isn't always the easiest thing to do. But being with people that are interested in the same activity as the student will help. Communication is key in the world. Talking through social media or text is all kids know. Being apart of a group will force the kids to communicate verbally. Talking verbally is a struggle for many kids and it's important that they learn how to. Once students grow up they will have to talk face to face. It's imperative that the schools teach this skill or kids will struggle further in life. Another reason is that team working skills can be learned through extracurricular activities. Students will have to work together to complete tasks or solve issues. In adulthood teamwork is a necessary skill to have. Teaching kids basic social skills at an early age will benefit them in the future.

Secondly, kids will learn excellent life skills while participating in extracurricular activities. Responsibility is one of those life skills. Whether it's a club, sport or some other type of activity kids will learn how to be responsible. For example, kids will have to take on certain duties for their activity. Time management will be necessary, because kids will have to make time for everything in their life. Both of those are great examples of how kids will have to become responsible. Another great thing extracurricular activities can give students is ambition and healthy competitiveness. Both of which are great qualities to have to be a leader. Leadership skills is an important thing that kids should have. There will be captains, presidents, or mentors in almost all of extracurricular activities. Students can become a leader in their activity. Being a leader will help students learn what it's like to have power. This will also cause students to have the ability to help their fellow students. Kids are the future leaders of the world. It's important that they have the skills to be able to lead the world. Many kids are too dependent or they could be smothered by people in their life. This causes students to not know how to handle things on their own. Extracurricular activities will give kids the chance to be independent. Students will have to handle certain situations or make decisions on their own. It's important for kids to have a decent level of independence and to not be babied their whole life. Kids won't be able to take care of themselves in adulthood, because they were reliant on the adults in their childhood. Those were just a few examples of the amazing life skills kids will learn by partaking in activities.

Lastly, extracurricular activities will benefit kids mentally and physically. There are many health benefits of activities. Depression is an issue that many people have to deal with. It has been said that kids have been suffering from depression a lot over the past few years. Many kids feel alone or that they have no friends. Being in an extracurricular activity can show students that they are not alone. Children will feel less lonely if they are apart of something with other people. Students can bond over their struggles and even get help. Extracurricular activities can act as a support group for many students. It doesn't have to be just loneliness or depression. Kids that have a bad home life can find comfort in the group. Also, kids can become more confident in themselves. A problem that many kids face is the lack of self confidence. This can affect their grades, friendships, and most importantly their happiness. There are many other circumstances that kids might face. But all of the kids can share their pain and find peace inside of their group. Not only can activities improve mental health they can improve physical health. Many kids don't receive the proper amount of physical activity or even sunlight they need. Most children stay inside and are glued to their devices, which can lead to health problems later in life. Extracurricular activities can help children get out of the house and do something. Sports are a great example of an activity that will get kids moving. Mental and physical health aren't always a priority to society but they should be.

The principal enforcing extracurricular activities will have many positive effects on students. Social skills, the ability to communicate, and team working skills will be a great lesson that kids will learn. Students will become more responsible, independent and have enough leadership skills to run their own business. Being in an extracurricular activity will benefit the emotional, mental, and physical health of students. All of these things are highly important to be successful and happy in life. Many kids lack some of the skills listed previously, which is why it's a great idea to enforce extracurricular activities. Kids will be happier, better people, and more prepared for the future. Who would want children to not be any of those things? The answer to that is no one. In conclusion, all students should be in an extracurricular activity because of the social benefits, kids will learn necessary skills, and there are several health benefits. 