For many years cars have been one of the top priorities and necesities of mankind. People have become so depemdent on them that they use it to go everywhere. Sure they help you get places but while they are a big help to us they're alsp polutin our air.

All aeound the world there are countries trying to lower the use of cars,for example Germany. Germany they have created a community that is car free. Car ownership is allowed,but there are only two places to park large garages at the edge of the development,where a car-owner buys a space,for $40,000,along with a home. As a result,70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars,and 57 percent sold a car to move there. The United States,the Enviromental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communities,and legislatorsnare staring to act,if cautiously. Also Paris has a day where they fine people if they do not leave they're cars home and Colombia does the same,they have a day ehre everybody takes public transportation and leave the streets empty of cars. I'm sure that this are not the only countries trying to reduce car use around the world,there are many more. People are seeing what car use is doing to our enviroment and thay're starting to realize that is our fault and that we are the ones who have to fix this. The reduction of car use would benefit us in so many ways. No one said that cars have to be banded at all,they're just suggesting to reduce the amount of time swe use them. Sometimes people use their cars to go to places that are witin one mile away. This new idea will not only help the enviromet,but it would also benefit our health. We have become lazy because we are so use to our comforts. I mean how much extracise can you do sitting in a car. In the other hand you can improve your health if you walk,rode a bike or do some sort of workout everyday.

Reducing the use of cars will not be something easy to do since we are so dependent to them,but if we really try and put a little effort we can surely reduce the use of cars in a couple of years. Just think of all the benefits we will gain from doing this. We will not only be saving tge air but also ourselves. This care free day don't have to be drastic,we can still use cars and keep building them its not like we're going to dissaper one of mankind greatest invention. The simply reduction of them will be enough.    