Why I agree we should have extracurricular activities at our school

Robotics, SCA, year book, cooking club, ceramics? Do any of these peek your interest? If so, then maybe a extracurricular activity is for you. There is a broad selection of clubs, teams ,and groups you could pick from to be a part of. Being involved in an extracurricular activity could be good for all of us in many ways, but there are 3 main reasons why I agree with having them in our school. The first way is you can make new friends, that one go to your school ,and two like the same things as you. The Second way is you can be introduced to something you haven't heard of, and could end up finding a liking for it. Finally, for some students it will keep them entertained when school is over with ,and they dont have anything to do after school. Finding something 1 you like, 2 you can do with your friends, and 3 is right at your school with no need for transportation, is a great thing every student should be able to have.

Making new friends with similar interest

Making friends in middle school let alone any school is sometimes a tough thing to do. Many people struggle with finding things that connect them and there friends. After all that is what make a lot of friendships happen, the liking of something similar. So what better way to find friends then doing something you like after school, with at first maybe people you dont know, but have the same liking as you, to then being a friend with the same liking as you. I know even sometimes kids that aren't shy have a hard time making friends. Maybe thats because they dont know where to start other than,hi my name is ... i am .... i have ... my favorite... and so on. That kind of conversation can't go on forever, but if they have something to already talk about like basketball for example, you can go right off those starter sentences right into a real discussion. In middle school making connections and making friends is just the start of what we are going to be doing it for the rest of our lives, so why not become good at it now.

Finding something new

Many students play sports outside of school like basketball,soccer,football, and more, but i'm sure most of them are good at more than just one thing. Thats where extracurricular activities can play a role. This gives students a chance to experiment and try new things that they think they might enjoy. If someone is a really good leader on the court or field, always cheering on a teammate or helping them out,then maybe they could do that for our school in the SCA. You don't even have to be good at something to try it out, extracurricular activities is a place to have fun learn new things and try new things. You never know if you will like it till you try it. The school offers many different activities and if you dont seem to find one you like there is always the option to start you own club. All you need to do is get a group of friends ( five or more) and a teacher to sponsor it. Being part of a team group or club can be good for anyone,and everyone, even if you already have a team, another cant hurt. So maybe this year try something new, be part of a different team, find a new group, or bring some good ideas too a new club.

Entertainment after school

Think about it. What do you do after school? I'm sure a lot of you said I play video games,or I go on my phone,or I relax, and I'm sure there is a point when your like I'm so board. Well I have your answer. Extracurricular activity! Yep thats right,extracurricular activity is right after school so that means you dont need to be driven to the school after you already left, you can just stay for a fun filled time with others. This can be very good for a lot of kids in many ways, because sometimes when students go home they stay on there electronics/ devices all the way till they have to go to bed! Sometimes even without a break. Thats no way to spend a day when you have a great alternet like extracurricular activity time. The best part is when you get home after your extracurricular activity and your parents tell you to do your homework ,or do some chores ,you can just say well I just got home from school and need some time to relax. This is also good for kids that just go home and hop on there devices/electronics,because there is not any real social aspect to that,no real human interaction which everyone needs. So try it our sometime, it can't hurt and maybe you will even really enjoy it.

Having a chance to making new friends with similar interest ,Find something new, and having after school entertainment is a very good thing that other schools should try for there students. Because it gives kids with no opportunity, opportunity, kids that need new friends, a chance to make new friends,and people who dont have anything to do after school something to do after school. There are also so many things and activities to choose from you couldn't go wrong with any decision you make. This is why I agree with having after school extracurricular activities and I hope you do too.             