In the eyes of many people, traveling by cars is the easiest to go by. But is it the easiest to live with? The fumes that the vehicles we ride in give off and make smog and other breathable things thats not really well for us to breathe in. The fumes that the cars give off and if we breathe in, its like the effects a cigarette, it could damage your lungs. If we citizens limit of how much we use a car, wonder how much it would do. This could help the economy if we spend at least a day out the year recognizing the importance of not using a car as much.

You see, we should spend a day like the citizens in Bogota, Colombia in the article

Car- Free Day is Spinning Into a Big Hit in Bogota.

The people over there spent the day riding bikes, skated, hiked and so much more. Of course, the taxi and the bus was still running in case anybody needed a ride. Even though it was raining, it didn't stop them. "The rain hasn't stopped people from participating," said their Mayor Antanas Mockas. If anyone was spotted driving, though, they would haved been fined $25. But that wasn't the only country who banned cars. In the story

Paris Bans Driving Due to Smog

, it mentioned that almost 4,000 drivers were fined because they were driving and cars have banned due to increased smog. On a Monday, drivers with even - numbered license plates were demanded to leave the vehicles at home. If they didn't, they were fined $31. The same thing would apply to the odd - numbered plates the next day. Congestion in Paris went down to 60%.

Also, there are cities who ban cars in general. In the story

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

, it tells about the citizens who live there and continue life without cars. Street parking and garages are forbidden in Vauban, Germany and the people who wants to live have to go "car - free". Of the families who live in the experimental suburbs, 70% families do not own cars; while 57% of the families sold a car to move there. Heidrum Walter, a media trainer and a mother of two recalled that when she had a car, she stayed tense. Now, she is much happier this way.

As a result, cars is a result of our health today. When we go pump gas at the gas station and others would turn there vehicles on right behind you, you're breathing in the fumes of gas. You may think of it otherwise or of it harmless, but it is. It could damage you for good by messing with your lungs and making it hard for youto breathe. So, think about taking out a day and not use the car and go walk or ride a bike to a friends house or to the grocery store. There is more than one way to do anything. But yes, sometimes a car is needed for long - distance traveling. But we don't have to use it just to go check the mailbox and back. This could help the way some people maybreathe in this world. Don't you think?             