Summer projects are projects that teachers give to students so that they can continue to learn over the break. These projects can be later turn in for a grade that following school year. Certain schools require student to complete these for programs that students are in. Some students may have difficulties with these projects based on how they're designed while others have ease. Summer projects should be teacher-designed and not student-designed because of equal opportunities, it aids students to be prepared for their next school year, and its another way to assess growth.

First, summer projects should be teacher-designed to ensure that students get equal opportunities. Having students designed their own projects limits equal opportunities to get a good grades. For example, one student may have difficulties designing their own project than another student.

With projects being teacher-designed, teachers can help students with the guidelines of the projects. It also ensured that students get graded fairly. Since they are teacher-designed, teachers know what mistakes to look out for so that the students get they grades they deserve.

Next, projects being teacher-designed aids students to be prepared for the next school year. If the students design their projects than they are not being prepared. They prepared the student for next year by challenging the student in the project. Projects foreshadow to the students what to expect the next school year. They don't only prepared to the students, they prepared the teachers also. By these projects being teacher-designed, other teachers can see what the student know and don't know and plan according to their scores. Being prepared for next year gets rid of anxiety for the teacher and for the student and makes it easier for both the student and teacher.

Lastly, it's another way to assess growth. With teacher-designed projects, the projects would be similar to a post-test. They can judge if a student learn anything over the course of a school year. During the school year, teachers see all the mistakes and errors students make. By making these projects student-designed, there isn't a way to know if they student excelled or not. This also ties in helping teachers be prepared to go over the topics that students were struggling on so that they can finally pass that topic.

equal opportunities, growth tracker and student aid are some reason why summer projects should be teacher-designed. in the end, student should able to have equal opportunities to achieve good scores. Teacher-designed projects aid in preparation for the school year. By making projects teacher-designed, teacher have another way to track growth. Schools should adopt this so that students can be comfortable and have ease in the future.