Phones And Driving

Why should people use their phones if they are operating a vehicle? It is dangerous for someone driving a vehicle to use their phones because it can cause an accident. People should not use their phones while driving. People use their phones to text,answer phone calls,and to make plans. You can not do two things at once everybody uses their phones instead of paying attention to the road. You should always drive safe and make sure you stop at every traffic light. You should have drive at the speed limit. No car should ever go 100mph on the interstate or on a busy street. It will be hard to stop your car at a red light if you are going 100 mph. You will most likely get pulled over or get into a car accident if going that fast.

One reason you should not use your phone while driving is texting. One day you can be driving your car and you will get a text message from someone. That person will look at their phone and pick it up and start texting back. They will be all into their phone and not paying attention to the road. He or she will be trying to text back and pay attention to their phone and the road at the same time. They can be driving and slam on the brakes and the car behind them can hit them from behind and that caused an accident all because that person was trying to text someone back. You should not text and drive at all. That is so dangerous if you drive looking at your phone. Its alot of things that can happen when you are using your phone while driving vehicle. If you want to be on the phone with somebody while driving car you should get some where you can stick your phone in and talk to that person. You can also get pulled over by the police when using your phone while driving.

Picking up your phone to answer a phone call could also be dangerous. If you have to answer a phone call you should pull to the side of the road or wait to call that person back. Driving with your phone in you hand is dangerous because you will be busy trying to answer a phone call and not looking at the road. Your best option is to pull to the side of the road and answer the phone instead of driving with it in your hand. You can also get some earbuds to put in your ear so you won't have to answer the phone with your hand. Holding a phone or tablet in your hand while driving is so dangerous. You can have a phone is your hand but you will try to turn the steering wheel and you will not make a perfect turn. So it is best for you to not have no phone in your hand. If you are driving a car and somebody behind you on their phone. Both of you people will get to a traffic light and the light will be red and you and the person will slam on brakes and most likely you will hit another car and the car behind you will hit your car. It will be your fault that you were on your phone and not paying attention to the road. Then you will most likely go to jail if that person you hit die. Depending on how bad that person is hurting you can get like 5 years in jail probably more than that. Everybody in this world need to just stop texting and driving.

Some people use their phones and look up at the road at the same time that is dangerous to.

Nobody should make plans while driving a vehicle. Some people make plans while on the phone with someone or typing it in their notes so they won't forget. When making plans you should do that while you are at home. Making plans while driving a car can make you not focus on driving because you are trying to make plans. For example, you and a friend is in the car your friend is talking to you about going somewhere and you are trying to listen to what she is saying and focus on driving that is not safe at all. Your friend should wait until you stop somewhere to make plans. Talking while driving is not safe but you can talk and drive at the same time. When you are in the car with somebody you should just be focusing and not talking . When you in your car you should not play no loud music because you need to make sure you can hear surroundings. Like if you are in your car you might hear a police siren but your music is to loud so you wont be able to hear the siren. Say you are in the car with your friend and she try to show you a fight that happened at your school and you are driving a car you looking at the fight not paying attention to the road and you crash. It's your fault that you was looking at the phone and not paying attention to the road.

In conclusion,nobody should use their phone while driving. It is dangerous for you to text and drive. It is also illegal for you to use your phone while driving a vehicle. It's always safe for you to pull over to answer a phone if it is an emergency or to text someone back. No one should text and drive because that can ruin someone's life. All you have to do is pay attention to the road and you can be safe. Don't try to look at your phone and drive a car at the same time         