There are so many advantages of limiting car usage. In source one, the Vauban's streets are completely "car-free". This is for the good of not cluttering the streets with so many cars but actually making more space and less cars on the streets. In source one, it says "while there hace been efforts in the past two decades to make cities denser, and better for walking, planners are now taking the cocept to the suburbs." That right there says they have been trying to reduce car usage for a while now and convince citizens that transportation can be better to use. Instead of having over a million cars on the streets or high ways or anywhere, many people can come together and take transportation train or bus to where ever they need to go. It also makes time for walking, which is a very good exercise. Many people have become lazy and take their car to drive to the store thats right there on the corner instead of walking. Many people have taken car usage over the limits and don't realize how it is polluting our air.

Pollution is a big problem in our ecosystem now and days. Many people don't clearly see this and don't take the time to process in how bad its making earth. Pollution has gone up over the years and decades after decades we have tried to stop it. In source two, it says "Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals." Why? Well because of the exaggerated use of cars. They have tried to reduce the usage in order to make their air cleaner and better. They have gotten the idea of limiting car usage by ordering people with even-numbered license plates to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine on Mondays. The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day. With this new policy, it has shown better air in the city of Paris by Monday. I believe this is a great forced rule. We need to change our ways and work better in making our air cleaner.

Traffic jams is another downfall of using cars. With so many cars out in the streets it causes the air to have so much smog. Many people have participated in bike riding and walking, but not only is it exercise for your health but it keeps away from people using their cars. With so many people participating this action, not only has it made better air burt also constructed and cropped up new restaurants and shopping districts. They cleared the side walk to make it smoother and cut traffic, as said in source three. This is all in Bogota, Columbia. They said it has made a drastic change in their community with better air and I believe it has made their air better and way reduced smog.

In the United States, President Obama's goal was to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions. This has led to many people participating in this action. A very big amount of Americans are buying fewer cars and driving less and fewer licences as each year goes by as said in source four. To keep this at a going rate each year I believe citizens should work harder to improve more in this situation as in car pooling, bicycle and public transportation.

In conclusion, there are so many advantages in reducing car usage. Better air, better community and healthier citizens.    