The author starts by telling us all the bad things and dangerous possibilities of Venus if we were to go there but then starts telling us of all the benefits knwoing more about Venus would have. Yes, it is very dangerous and could end badly but shouldn't we know about planets around us? Venus is the most earth like planet besides earth. We should know what is on it, what it is capable of, etc. We cant let fear limit us to exploring the unknown.

In the text the author says "Often referred to as Earth's "twin"" by saying these type of things the author is making Venus seem less scary. The author belives Venus is somewhere we shoudl explore, we should know more about it becaseu its the most earth like, its the closest, we could discover many new things, and it has many factors we should know more about. The author tells all the benefits of going to Venus. The author says "to understand Venus we would have to get up close and personal despite the risks. Or maybe we should think of these as challenges." The author is very set on persuading us into beliveing that Venus is worth exploring. Exploring Venus would further are knowledge of space and how other things work, its worth the risks. We just have to be smart about it.

He supports his beliefs by explaing NASA's new ways of approach on visiting Venus. The author explains in depth teh old computer systems, he talks about electronics being made of silicon cardide, etc. The author is telling us many ways we could things that make this trip safer, easier, and to have a higher chance of success. Paragraph 7 is all about new, smarter, better things they can do to make the Venus trip safer and more possible. He also connects it other things and trips. Humans curisoity will lead them there, mayeb lead them places worse. The need to know the unknown is what motivates us to do the crazy, smart, furthering our knowledge things we do.

In Paragraph 8 the author says "striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only becasue of the insight to be gained, but also becasue human curiosity will likely lead us intomany equally intimidating endeavors." "Our travles on earth should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagintion and innovation." Further explaining that no matter what it will eventually happen and when it does it will good because it is better, and safer to know the unknown.

This all supports his belief that going to Venus would be insightful, and good. The knowledge that can come from this adventure/ exploration are worth the risk. He proves this by using evidence from NASA, explaing how its safer to know the unknowns, and simplify suggesting that since its so earth like we should know more about it. It has potenial and we need to eb the first to see adn obtain that potenial.         