Planning a summer project can be a difficult task for anyone. However, for school summer projects, teachers should be the ones to plan out a summer project for the students. Teacher's have been proven to more knowledgeable then their younger counterparts. Teachers are just overall more knowledgeable about how to teach their students.

In order for teachers to better prepare their students for their class; a summer project is best left to the teachers to plan out. The reason being that teachers should have a pretty good idea of they should be teaching for that year's education. Centering the project on what teachers will be teaching; would better help understand where their students stand on certain subjects of that class. Not to mention, teachers also have more experience in what students should be learning because at one point they were students themselves.

Being a teacher most certainly means that teachers have gone through learning experiences that they thought had gone well, or maybe had thought classes could have been taught using better methods. Teachers can then apply what they have learned from previous learning experiences ,and either take or improve upon them.

Then, we have the most obvious reason why student shouldn't come up with their own summer projects. Student have time and again proven that they push off or be become lazy doing certain tasks. This may not be the case for all student, however it is the majority. Another reason why students may not be able or be good at planning projects, is because they may be simply to busy doing other activities. Some example of these activities are sports, having a job, visiting collages, or planning out what they want to do for a career. Students may just simply not have enough time to plan out what they want to do for a project; where as for a teacher. It is their job to plan out what students should be doing in or for their classes.

Those are the reasons on why teachers are better equipped to plan out summer projects and not students. Teacher's can pull from previous learning experiences to apply to how they want to teach students. Students could outright just be lazy or to busy to plan out assignments. Then the obvious fact that teachers have just learned more ways because they are older.