Imagine if you could do school from home and have time to relax or do more stuff. I would love to be studying from my house because I would never have any distractions, and I can just stay comfortable the whole time. People say online school is better than online school, but online school is more comfortable and nicer for students because they don't have to get dressed and ready just for school, they can take their time with the school work, and they have more time to do more stuff like get a job or play a sport.

A lot of students get stressed in the morning because they don't know what to wear for school. What if they didn't have to worry about that anymore? I don't like to get up just to dress and get ready for school. Online school, the type of school that students don't have to worry about what you wear or how people think of you because no one will ever see you. We all get lazy at some point in life, and we just want somethinh that will make us feel comfortable while studying.

All students get rushed because they have too much work to do, and sometimes, they don't do it on time because it's too stressful for them to finish it all. Online school gives you a long time to finish all your work and maybe a little extra time to relax. My friends and I are always stressed because of how much school work we have to do, but if we could do online school, it would all be so easy and less stressful. Online school is the best way to get time for all your work.

Everyone that goes to a school knows how hard it is to keep up with the work and what they do outside of school. Maybe it's a sport or a job or it could be both. It would be great if we all had that extra time to do all that without stressing. I rarely have time for school and work , but my friend, Generic_Name, does online school, and she has all time she needs to finish her school work, go to her job, and play lacrosse.

Some might say that going to a normal school is the best way to study; however, online school is a better and safer for students because they are able to take their time with the school work. they don't need to get up and stress themselves about what they should wear or how they look, and they have more time for other stuffthat aren't related to school like sports or jobs. How nice would it be if we didn't have to worry about any of these problems? Online school will have you relaxed most of the time.             