I don't think it's a good idea to work from home they're a lot of kids that would just take advantage from working from home. Kids would rather be at home then have to go to school at seven in the morning. They're different kinds of people out there who would stay at home just because they didn't feel like getting up so early in the morning. Other kinds where kids put effort into going to school. I don't think working from home is a good idea for school students.

There are some kids that can't really work at school, but then they're others that just do it for fun. By saying how kids take advantage is because some of them would do their "school work" from home but it would end up with them just sleeping and doing their work later. School may be difficult but that's why we have teacher to help you the staff and your parents they will always be there to help. Even the classes online that you do if you work from home have people to help you if you have any questions or if you just need help. Some people are visual learners like right infront of you that's is why i think kids shouldn't work from their homes. People are different some work better by themselves others work better in a group or with a partner that's is why working in school is the better idea.

I'm not saying saying it wouldn't benefit the kids who are doing their work online i'm just saying working in school is easier. I'm saying some students wouldn't benefit from working from home they would just sleep instead of work or they would just goof off instead of work. They're a lot of reasons is to why I don't think working from home or working online is a good idea. You never know who your going to meet online. Some kids don't have internet access so they wouldn't be to work online and when your at school you have all kinds of resources to help you.

My opinion in this is that working at school is better than working at home kids actually have a chance to get stuff done and at home kids would just sleep and not do their school work because well, they're at home. Learning at school is way more helpful then learning online you always have someone there to help. Yes their will be some kids that will learn online and there won't be some people do work better with the person right in front of them.