Limiting car usage has lots of important advantages. By limiting car usage, we can, lower harmful greenhouse gas levels, reduce smog, and improve our environment and society. It wont happen immediately, but i do believe that if we start to limit car usage, that it will greatly benefit the world.

To begin with, cars cause a lot of the problems we are having with harmful greenhouse gas. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emmissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." (Paragraph 5, Source 1) Greenhouse gas emmisions are extremely harmful to the atmosphere. The greenhouse gases harm the earth's atmoshphere and we as humans, need the atmosphere to protect us from harmful radiation. By limiting car use, you are technically saving the planet and everyone on it.

Second of all, cars cause smog. Smog is extremely harmful to breathe in and is also bad for the environment. For example, in Paris, France, the government enforced a driving ban to alleviate the thick smog. After a few days of less cars on the road, the smog cleared up! (Source 2) This proves that if we didn't have cars in the cities that have smog such as Beijing and Paris, then smog would be much less of a problem and cities would be a much more healthy and safe place to live. Therefore, limiting cars results in less smog.

The last reason that limiting car usage is beneficial is that it will improve the environment and society. "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth, sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramtically cut traffic; and new restaraunts and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." (Source 3) This shows that by reducing car usage, it has helped the city's economy and created a better place to live for its citizens. Bill Ford, executive chairman of Ford Motor Company, envisioned a world where personal vehicle ownership is impractical or undesirable. He saw a world that would "save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety," (Source 4) This shows that by reducing car usage, the environment and society can be improved drastically.

All in all, I strongly believe that by reducing car usage, we can make the world a better place. By doing so, we can limit harmful green house gas, reduce smog, and change society for the better. These are only a few of the advantages of limiting car usage but you can already see why it is such a good idea. I hope you can take this information and make the world a better place.    