It has nearly been two centuries since our country was born from the ashes of a war far too long to remember every scar and wound, but we hold the memories of our promises in our Constitution and Bill. And since, we have upheld every right and every propesition with the upmost respect and worshipped it among our God. Or have we? Though The United States of America has proclaimed many good ideas and beings in our past for the future, it has not always been recognized. If uneducated, the regular unqualified citizen may not know that with our election system, we ourselves do not get to vote for which president we believe can take the reigns of our country, rather we vote for a certain amount of electors that make the decision FOR us. This is called The Electoral College Process.

Though this process does not run against the citizens, it does take away a direct vote to whom you desire in the presidential role. As a most obvious reason, people want to qualify themselves, choose a party, and do a lot of deep thinking not to hand the rights over to some higher-qualified politicist(s) that has just as much chance as the electors running against him but to make a decision based off of their own qualified knowledge from a viewpoint of regular Americans. Regular Americans, ranging from the small town  factory worker to a traveling military man. These are the citizens that run this country, the ones who know the real problems going on. Politics is only fortune to politicists; Politics is an opportunity for change to Us.

Now, what about the bigger states versus the smaller states? We all know that the larger the population in one state, the more representatives they have, and the smaller the population, well...they get the shorter end of the stick usually, especially in this case. When a tie occurs among the vote of electors, it is the House of Representatives' job to fix that and make a vote for themselves. This means that the slim few representatives representing thousands of people could make a vote; Although based off of political knowledge, it is once again stealing the popular vote from American citizens. And even compared to a larger state, less than a hundred individuals (all of which have done nothing but politics) are to make a decision for possibly millions of voters.

There is one turn that can happen at any given election and is most-likely our biggest worry because of such an open chance. Though it is said that there is highly rare chance in which a day would come in the election that a defiance might occur, it does not mean something so sinister as toying with the election system could not happen and with great costs. Considering it has already happened once when John F. Kennedy ran for presidency, how can we not assume it might not happen again? And even if such happenings may take decades to occur again, what of the electors that did not swear themselves to the vote they had claimed to have chosen in the first place? We, the People, elect Our representatives to uphold Our decisions in the party We choose, but what is trust in this country if we cannot even trust Our representatives to "represent" Our decisions.

In turn, the The United States of America has done their very best to make this country the best it can be, but this Electoral College Process has many disadvantages that takes away the rightful vote of American citizens. We are all human after all, "professional" politicists or not, we make mistakes and we are capable of deceitful things. The only difference is our trained knowledge and key advantages based on rank in the government system. Give Us the direct opportunity We deserve and break the Electoral College Process.            