Learning is a priority in everyone's life.

We spend our entire childhood learning all types of subjects that will better us in the future.

Depending were you attend school the requirements are different.

Throughout the United States we have several methods in order to learn our core subjects such as: public school, private school, and home school.

Also some schools are offering distant learning were the student stays home and attends the class online or video chat.

With many beneficial learning methods everyone is different and may need a unique way to learn.

Is it beneficial for students to take classes at home?

When attending a public school there are many challenges that we will come across.

One major challenge we are confronted with is the lack of social skills.

Public schools do have an increased amount of students that make the classes larger.

While the classes are larger it may be hard to hear an instructor and difficult for the instructor to teach.

With the bigger the school the more activities they do and opportunities to make friends.

It may be hard but there is a need for social skills and you will learn them best at a public school. Also may be hard to ask instructor questions with a large class.

A private school has a decreased amount of students in the classes.

With the reduced classes it may be easier for the instructor to take time with an individual if they are struggling in their work.

Although a private school comes at a cost, its not very cheap to attend.

There are fees, annual payments, lunches, field trips, and anything extra the student may want to do such as: soccer, cheer, football, and clubs.

However, being apart of the school but taking classes at home can be very different it can be more sustainable for some students.

This can be for students who have medical issues that cant leave home or the hospital and still attend there school without falling behind.

Also for students who dont have transportation or even have work during the day this opportunity can help them out no matter the situation.

Students can still learn from home and have nobody interrupt the class and if the student needs assistance they can video chat the teacher or aid on the class.

In conclusion, students taking the offered distant learning would be beneficial because there are less distractions and a better environment for the student.

Its better for a student to be in an environment that they are comfortable instead of nervous and rushed because they may not do their work to the best that they can.

It may not be for every student but it can be for some.

This method of learning can help so many students who rather be at home instead of being in a desk, at school, and in a classroom.          