Letting go of cars is the next big thing treding here in the U.S to all the way in France. Cars have been one of mankinds great accomplishements and has risen since World War two. Although its has in some cases made our live "easier" its has also brought issues. Some of the reasons why we should start to let go of cars is because it will stop the gass emissions or popultion, there public transportation to fall back on, and it will help releave stress. There is going to come soem sort of trouble but there are also great advantages we shoud think about of liming car usage.

Starting off, liming the amount of cars is a good thing because of the fact that it helps stop gass emissions. Which is the gas waste and polution it brings adn destroys the enviorment we live in. In Pairs they have took an act on this by banning driving due to smog. They have put in a rule that states "on Mondays motorist with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their care at home or they would have to suffer a 22-ero fine($31)". The congestion was down a 60% in the capital of France, after five-days of intensiifying smog. The congestion from the smog that was produce was  because of the high rate of cars were leting out great amounts of gasses. This causes our air to be poluted and us to get sick.

Continuing, another great advantage in limiting care usage is because it means that we will be promoting public transportation. If we have soemthing that is provided for us that we know is going to help why don't we use it?. Public transportation is a lot cheaper than having a car of our own and it does the absolute same thing it gets us from one destination to the next. In soem place that I can't really find in the passage because my eyes are getting irritated and yeah I know I probably spelled that wrong but I am trying to improve. Now I have kind of lost my train of thought because I felt the need to say that, because if I someone here the most they'll say is go to the bathroom and splash some water of them. I actually do like this test not that bad I expected but there is some minner adjustment I think you should consider (if your even still reading this) like giving us a break ? at least a five minute one my eyes yeah you remeber that and siting for this gets me all tense. The stories needs some improvements I mean cars? I know I need to do a little better on these things but that's why im in school pluss this is a practise I think by the real one ill do better. I like to write (or in this case type ) I do but mostly about things that I can either relate to or expressing my self I mean come on aren't I doing good so far ? okay maybe not really but its cause im pretty bet, but next time trust me i'll do better. Also the fact that I miss the same periods these days keeps me from doing what I need to in that class and its a  class I need, sorry but just saying. I'm debating whether to contintue with this essay I think i'll just try.

In additon, stress is something that also comes with havign cars. The fact that there is so many cars they cause traffic jams, which causes us to be late to our destination and that brings a great amount of stress. Another is reaching that age were the younger genertation reach that age to get their licenses. It is known that teenagers have the highest amount of leading accidents. This brings griefs to families and if survied post tramatic stress.

In conclusion, Cars may have brought us some kind of accompishment but it has also caused some negative effects. Reasosn why we should think about the advanges of lemiting the car usage is because of the gas emissions, promote alternative transportation (public) and it releaves stress. What has been to be done by the amount of cars there are has a great affect on us. We should want to stop it before it get to late.    