Distance learning not only flexible but also beneficial to students who struggles attending school. School is about seven hours long and starts early in the morning. There are students who cannot simply meet ends when it comes to school along with the timing and environment. Students who struggles with attending school tend to struggle with mental issues, problems at home, or preference.

A big factor of students failure to attend school results to ongoing mental issues. Students who has depression, anxiety, or any sort of mental issues typically is harder for them to attend school while something is off. Mental illness tends to make people tired, unmotivated, sad, distracted, etc. I struggle with depression and anxiety, along those lines it is harder for me to wake up and I lose the will to go to school and sleep instead. I have no motivation to do homework, interact, or leave my room. Missing a lot of days will cause you to be behind and you're left with a pill of graded work and nothing but anxiety attacks and breakdowns. It's like a never ending cycle and being put in distance learning to provide the alternative option to make up for the lost times.

School is hard enough but making ends meet while having bigger, harder issues at home won't make it any easier. Underprivileged students struggle with abuse, money, and adult responsibilities. Students cannot afford their own transportation or cannot make the bills or groceries. This results kids on taking responsibilities, such as getting a job, to help with food, bills, and clothes. Students in these position may be suffering with poverty or parents/ guardians who are not fully capable supporting their kids due to addictions, overworked, or personal issues. These students are over worked and does not have the ability to make it to school simply because they don't see it as important as trying to survive. Not every student want to go to school with a bruised up face or beaten bodies because they're being physically abused. Students are afraid of their parents, especially when it comes to beating and fear of getting their parents caught up and getting a beating due to that. Not every student that attends school has the privilege to go back home with a loving and welcoming parents greet you, a fridge full of food, the bills are paid, and clean clothes. Attending the distance learning will provide a easier education working around their schedule and giving them more free time to either make ends meet or to work more hours.

It's hard enough to wake up early in the morning, get dressed, and go to school. Students has preference when it comes to their learning environment, like adults when it comes to their work environment. Unlike students, they typically cannot pick and choose when they are restricted to the school district within the distance of their home. te process of transferring out will be tougher since they have to provide their own transportation and pay the fee, the chances of that happening are unlikely. Along with transferring out, some parents would not allow it due not understanding their child's reasoning or are completely blindsided by the ongoing issues. The environment is such a big deal, it can negatively or positively impact a student based on their needs. Not every student wants to go to a place five days a week, seven hours a day to hear teachers get on them, students being loud in the halls for no reason, unnecessary drama, or simply a place that makes them feel trapped. Not everyone can work around so many people and be trigger instead. There are students who prefers doing everything online and about 75% percent of class work is online now these days along with exams and finals. Having to switch to distance learning won't be much of a change since schools are currently converting to online classwork, tests, activities, and homework.

One may state that distance learning will make cheating a lot easier. Students may have easy access towards the internet making it easier for them to cheat but there are programs restricting students to exit the site. Although it may seem like a bad idea, teachers requires students to show work and that clearly an easy option when it comes to cheating. This will makes the student research the unit and teach themselves while in the process of learning. There is such a positive effect with it comes to distance learning and it will teach students to be on their work without anyone telling them, learn the ability to teach themselves, and a form of communication when it come to contacting their teacher or simply asking for help.

Distance learning provides a great alternitive to students that have a hard time attending school. To students that struggle, there are always going to be bigger issues that they will priortize over school. These students wants to try and with distance learning this will give them to opportinity and work with their needs or timing. Things such ass mental issues, personal problems, and their work prefernce will always get in the way and he best thing to do is to work around it rather than forcing them to go. 