85 percent of students who have created their own projects have better grades! Yet, Getting students to complete an summer assignment can be nearly impossible so, allowing students to design their own summer project would be more ideal. Now, allowing students to design summer projects is so great because students will have a better understanding which will increase the outcome of student completion while also giving students the opportunity to be self-paced in their work ethic.

When students are given any project their is a deadline that they must have the project done before which can be overwhelming and stressful which is a take-away from enjoying a project not being based on any subject of learning. In addition to that when you are in control of your work you feel more relaxed because you know everything that is needed to be done without stress of someone just giving you a project, instructing you, and announcing a deadline.

However you can argue that not everyone agrees although it is a study proven students and children work better to get tasks done while being self-paced. For example, imagine going to work being told you have to do an presentation on the process of water filtration beginning with research you start but then you are told the project is due Friday and the day you were told is Wednesday, Now you have little time and no comprehension on the process of water filtration.

Leading to my next point comprehension of information you know little to nothing about is often But, in my experience and understanding projects are a fun more exciting way to learn a subject and should be. Although it is not because being taught is one thing but not being able to say for a fact you understand thoroughly is another. When having a class it is known students will ask for help but still not get the help they need because of lack of comprehension due to the explanation.

As being a student myself I will ask an peer to explain in a different way so I am able to know and thoroughly understand, being students there are a lot that we may not understand all because of how it was presented and the teachings of a teacher. Reading and knowing that comprehension and pressure are what teacher add to students when assigning projects is more of a reason to allow students the access of designing their own project on their own term and conditions including time. Students just as teachers have lives that we can't control when things happen we just have to get things done and self-paced work ethic allows student a high chance to being focused and confident in being able to do work no matter the subject.

In conclusion, students should be able and allowed to design thei own projects and work no matter the time of being in school or out of school it gives a greater chance at completion without a demand and confusion stuck on each students mind. 