Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. I agree with this statement because it will keep their brain up to date and keep it running, you can be creative with your project and still learn at the same time, and it will keep you busy.

To start with, I think letting the students design what they summer project should be on is a good idea. this gives them an chance to express their good wild thoughts and to prove to the teachers that they can do something on their own. However, what they choose needs to be mature and kid friendly. By giving students a chance to design their own summer project for school is expanding their learning ability which is great they may even learn a few interesting things. this is them being their own teacher and being mature they will grow and grow more and learn more over the summer so when school starts back they will already be ahead.

Next, by them doing a summer project will help keep their brain up and moving and also up to date. I say this because typical kids in the summer go out and have fun which there is no problem with that but when they get back to school they forget everything they learned while in school. So by them doing a project at least they getting some kind of learning experience and an education in a fun way. I think letting the kids express their creativity in a learning way is good because they actually using their brain to think of good things to do for a project. teachers already choose enough for them to do this is giving the teachers a break and it's letting the students teach the teachers because teachers can learn things they didn't know from their students. This is called great communication skills.

Lastly, doing a summer project keeps the students occupied over the summer and keeps them from getting into mischief. this will look good on an college application as well your showing them how creative you are this will open wonderful doors for you in the future. Being occupied in a positive way can help you influence others to do something educational over the summer yes learning can be boring but when you get to choose what you want your project to be on is when the fun starts. even working with a partner can be fun as well yall can share your bright ideas with each other to make the project more fun and interesting with a little more spice. you can make new friends and this will build up your communication skills as well by working together on a fun creative project.

In conclusion, letting students choose what their summer project should be on is a good idea because it keeps their brain up and moving, you get to be creative , and it keeps you occupied. having an education in a fun way will have the students intrigued in what they are learning in class. it may even have the kids participate more in class as well. why be bored while learning when you can have fun learning. this will also build up the students bonds with their other peers and their teachers as well. This is why i think doing school projects over the summer and letting students choose what they want it to be on is bright idea.