A world with out cars is a strange idea. Considering compaines like Ford or General Motors have been making them for a long time and still run strong it is a very strange idea. Would the advantages we so strange though? Some advantages are less pollution, more space, less stress, more money for the indvidual and more. If you think about all of these it really adds up to a better and healthier planet.

A town in Germany called Vauban, has restricted the use of cars. It is a car free town according to the article

In German Suburb, Life goes on without Cars by Elisabeth Rosenthal. People don't have garages attached to there houses and there really isn't any parking other then the one parking garage they have that costs almost as much as a house to keep a car there. Really it would just be a pain to have a car there. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter. She finds herself less stressed without a car and happier.

If there were less cars it would mean there would be vastly less pollution. The burning of gasoline creates green house gasses and slowly destroys this beautiful planet of ours. Cities like beijing in China or Paris in France create a lot of these Green house gasses according to

Paris bans driving due to smog by Robert Duffer. Paris created so much they had to ban drivng and if someone did they had to pay fines for it. Thankfully though it has come down less and less each year in Paris since 2005.

If we didn't have cars we would have space for so much more. Imagine what we could do with all the space parking lots and garages take up. We could be so much more efficent about using it. Also think of how much gasoline costs per gallon. If you think about how much we spend on gas in our lifetime we could have spent that on so many other things. You could buy a 100 of those flat screen Tv's you've always wanted to watch the big game on. Cars have become a nusance and slowly more and more people are seeing that.

Not everyone is a very good driver either. Thinking of all the times you have road raged because somebody wasn't being a safe and smart driver and almost got you hurt. With no cars there is no chance of that ever happening. There would be no car accidents because there would be no cars. You wouldn't have to be stressed and worried when you go somewhere unlike you are with a car.

These are just some of the advantages of not having cars. Cities and towns have seen what life is like without them and they are starting to lean more that direction. People are happier and safer. The world is healthier and less polluted. Cars are becoming a thing of the past and maybe someday they won't even be relative.    