Hi, my name is Luke and I am in the Seagoing Cowboys Program. There are a lot of reasons why I love this program. This proggram is run by UNRRA (the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration). They hired me to take care of horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped over seas. I think you should join this program and help me.

Right away you will notice you can go so many places! If you are a small town boy going on cattle-boat trips, you're in for such a treat. You could possibly go to Europe and China and explore all day. You even get to go to the most special place ever, Acropolis and Greece! Maybe in Greece you'll find yourself at an age old theatre. You could go take a gondola ride in Vence, Italy, a city with streets of water. I got to tour an excavated castle and marveled at the Panama Canel on my way to China.

You may ask yourself,

"How am I suppose to have fun and pass time on board? Its very easy actually, especially on return trips from when the animals have already been unloaded. We all played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. All the time on the boat you can find something to do. You always have time to sight-see while you're on it. You also have time for table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and other games helped us pass some time.

Even for all the work that had to be done, it wasn't that bad. You had lots of time for sight-seeing since it took a lot of time to get to one place to another. Caring for animals during the crossings kept us busy. It just kept us busy, it wasn't very hard. They had to be fed and watered two or three times a day. Bales of hay and bags of oats had to be pulled up from the lowers holds of the ship. Plus, stalls had to be cleaned. All of this wasn't bad at all, you just had to get use to the routine of it.

In conclusion, being a Seagoing Cowboy was much more than an adventure.

It will open up the world to you if you use your time wisely. This program will definitly make you more aware of people in other countries and their needs. That awarness will stay with you, and you and your family could host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years. I'm gratefull for the opportunity, and you will be too.                                                                                            