Phones & Driving

Did you know a lot of people die operating cell phones while driving? They can get into a car accident for not paying attention. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle because it will hurt or harm their loved ones, it can make someone can occur penalties, and it can cause lifetime injuries. First, we will talk about how it can hurt or harm loved ones.

There are numerous accounts of people who harm their family or friends by being on their phone while driving. Since people are driving while they're on the phone, they are more susceptible to hitting someone or something else since their eyes aren't on the road. Research shows that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year.

Even if someone doesn't hit something themselves, they can be in a position to cause someone else to hit them by mistake. If their family or friends are in the car with them, they will be affected by the crash. Next, we will see how operating cell phones while driving can cause a bad driving record.

There are serious repercussions for texting while driving. It is important to know the penalties one could go up against. It can cause a bad driving record since it is a serious offense. Many people receive higher rates and increases on insurance after receiving citations and being involved in accidents. When a ticket is received for not paying attention to the road, some places give jail time or suspensions of licenses. Also, some have to pay a generous amount of money for fines and violations of the law. Let's move on to lifetime injuries.

Some people obtain lifetime injuries from texting and driving if they don't die. Each year

390,000 injuries occur from accidents caused by texting while driving.

Reports state that one out of every four car accidents in the United States is caused for the same reason. These accidents can cause loss of body part or disabilities. In the end, the chance of continuing on with a normal life becomes slim.

In conclusion, we know that texting and driving can cause detrimental results. It is important to become selfless when having the option to be on the phone while operating a vehicle. Accidents do not only affect the driver, yet any and all parties and passengers included. It is not worth the risk to text while driving.                         