Dear principal,

I agree with you 50% because if a student has a low grade, and participates in school sports, their grades could drop even lower because they might not be able to finish their homework. The other 50% goes to: you should also let students know ahead of time when a sport is coming up, so they can get their grades up and be in the sport of their choice. I also think you should try that the parents should be able to say if their kids can be in sports if their grades are low; you probably wouldn't get as many complaints from parents and students that way.

I think that it would be hard to have a team sport because most of the students in the school have a grade of C or lower. For example: If RELATIVE_NAME had a C, and was close enough to a B, but couldn't get his grade raised by try outs. Don't you think you'd get a complaint from RELATIVE_NAME or his parents knowing that he was working so hard to raise his grade and was very close to a B, but still had a C? Because some students work so hard to get their grades raised so they can be in the sport, but sometimes they can't get them raised in time.

I think that it would be a good idea to also try to bring the grade down to a D because a C is still passing. If you lower the grade expectations then you'd have less complaint and more kids trying out for team sports. Also, I think it'd be hard for students to raise their grade in so little time without knowing in advance. For example: RELATIVE_NAME has a C and wants to tryout for cheerleading. She has a week to bring up her grade before try outs start; but the day of try outs she gets a bad grade on a test and drops her B back down to a C. Don't you think letting kids who did bring their grade up, but it dropped back down, participate in sports?

Another example is that RELATIVE_NAME had a B, she tried out and made it, but the next day was called into the principals office. He told her that her grade had dropped and she can't participate in that sport. Thinking about that; don't you think it'd be unfair to tell students that can't be in a sport once they've made it because of a silly bad grade on a test or paper or homework assignment? Think about how many hearts you could break, and how many kids could possibly hate you by the end of the year.

Many kids have been doing these sports for many, many years. Do you really want to tell someone they can't be in a sport due to a bad grade? Remember, it is a good idea, but it's also hard for students to keep a B average grade or bring up their grade. So, find different ideas on this, try them out and see which one works best.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME