Venus may have some extreme conditions but they are survivable for humans. You will have to travel 30 plus miles above the surface, it is a very earth like planet, and they are finding new ways and technology to help study Venus to possibly explore there.

Venus may have extreme temperatures but there is a way to get past that. We would have to travel 30 plus miles above the surface. In the text it says, "...a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the hair pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth." This shows that it would be easy to live there we would just have to adapt to something different.

Secondly Venus may be different from Earth but it is very survivable. In the text it states, "Solar power would be pleniful, and radiation would not exceed Earths levels. Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." This shows that we would be able to take some of the technology that we have here and it would work there. Despite the conditions humans will still be able to live there.

Lastly we are going to used old technology that might help us explore Venus and get to know more about it and see how safe it is it live there. We would be finding technology form 1940s WWII. In the text it says, "...looking baxk at an old technology called mechanical computers. These devices were first envisioned in the 1800s and played an important role in the 1940s during World War II" This shows that we can find technology to help with the exploration of Venus. This could lead to new discoveries and humans exploring the planet.

In conclusion Venus may have some extreme conditions but they are survivable for humans. You will have to travel 30 plus miles above the surface, it is a very earth like planet, and they are finding new ways and technology to help study Venus to possibly explore there. Venus is survivable for humans soon we will be there. 