Online school at home is a great idea. If people Take school at home they can sleep later and have more rest and can work harder. People also have many things to do in the morning, so insted of missing school, people later on can do their school work on their own time. A con of taking online classes at home can be slacking off. Their are many pros for tsking online classes at home.

Everyone needs rest, theres not a single person on this planet that doesn't. So insted of waking up at 7 o'clock in the morning to get ready for school, people can sleep in and get more rest. Good rest can leed to better and more focused students. People will have more energy and will get more work done with the extra sleep. Taking online classes will not force students to wake up super early. They'll have the energy to complet their work and more.

People plan things all the time. A lot of the times, Those plans can intervine with school. If people took online classes, they wouldn't have to worry about missing school. They could do what they have to do, then later on do their schhol work. People can also pause their school work and take a break anytime they need to. Online school is great because people can come back and finish their work at any time of the day. Online school also gives the student more time to do work so people don't have to rush or have a due date to complet their studies.

people slack off all the time. Its not hard for people to get destracted and forget to do their school work. People might make plans that take up their whole day. They can also do something that takes a lot of energy, then be to tired to complet work. People can also forget to do an assignment and not do it at all. There are many reasons why online school could be a bad thing.

In conclustion, Online school is a great choise to make. It gives people more rest so they'll have more energy to start the day with. Its also allows people to work on their studies at their own time so they don't have to rush. It isn't hard to forget to do work at home or get destracted and not finish an assingment though. Taking online classes is a good idea for people to do.