Policy 1:

My idea might become true. I want cell phones during free times at school. Like at lunch time, passing period and any other free time. If we could text during our free time we could plan events for after school with parents. Also just ask other students what homework do we have in different classes through out the day.

If we have cell phones during free times. The students would be more socially active. Also we could use math and other applications on our phones to help use with our homework. This would improve homework scores and other types of work in our classes through out the day. That can help

The places we can have our cell phones out. One place is at lunch. We spend about 30 minutes at lunch. I always see people doing homework when i am eating. So if we could use cell phones at lunch then we could use the built in calculator on our phones to help use work out problems.

Another place would be our passing period. this is where we can socialize with other class mates that we cant talk to because our locker is so far away from their locker. Also we could talk to parents about school events after school. Like if we had practice after school but coach didn't tell us. then we could text our parents and tell them. That is a very good reason to have cell phones.

Now there is a problem with it. What if people over use the privilege and use there phones during class time. Well here is the solution, right before class everyone takes out there phones and turns them off. Then they will give them to there teacher and she will put them in a box on her desk. But if you don't you stand a risk. If you get caught then you will have a Friday school, and also a letter grade taken down.

The schools in America need to let students have their phones during school. If they do they can get better scores on homework and other activities. The can be social with other people. Parents can know what their kid is doing after school and during school. This is a great idea and shouldn't be put aside, that is why i am writing this. So i go for policy 1.