In this writing prompt, I will tell you as to why you should participate in the Seagoing Cowboys program. I will explain the duties of this program and the perks and finer points of being a Seagoing Cowboy.

In paragraph one, the last sentence, it clearly states why this program is so highly valued. Luke knew this and it states, "He knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime." This is simply an opportunity of a lifetime. In paragraph one, it had stated what Luke did before he became a Seagoing Cowboy. It had changed his life and brought him away from working at odd jobs for the rest of his life.

A second reason as to why this program is extraordinary is that you will be able to make a difference in someone's life. It states in paragraph two, "...many countries were left in ruins." This was after WW II. People needed help and, "The UNRRA hired 'Seagoing Cowboys" to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas."

Besides helping people, the Seagoing Cowboy program also enabled a golden opportunity for new sights and knowledge. Luke states in paragraph 5, "Besides helping people, I had the side benefit of seeing Europe and China." You will get to see Greece, Italy, Crete, the Panama Canal, and other spectacular places on your journey across the world.

If you are an animal lover, the Seagoing Cowboys will also provide a wonderful time with the creatures onboard. Horses, mules, cows all need to be taken care of. While this is hard work, it will be worth it.

The Seagoing Cowboys program also provides some fun in the cowboys' lives. In paragraph eight, it says, "The cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. Table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped pass the time." This program has multiple perks and activities you will discover when you join.

And last of all, being a Seagoing Cowboy isn't just an adventure. In the last paragraph, it says in a response for Luke, "It opened up the world to him." Luke says, "It made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs." This awareness can help you throughout the days of your life. And for Luke, it says, "That awareness stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and echange visitors for many years."

In this writing prompt, I have explained why being a Seagoing Cowboy is a great experience to have. You can help people and animals, have fun, sight-see, and develop your sense of character. you will be able to change your life immeasureably. In the end, the experience can make you into a better, more compassionate person. This concludes the writing prompt for the Seagoing Cowboys. 