Remember when as a child, you would go to one parent to ask them for a toy you really wanted? Or maybe another slice of cake? However, if they said no, you'd most likely go to the next parent or adult in the house, the more lenient one. Hoping for a response you'd want. If instead of your parents yelling at you for going behind their back and asking again, maybe they should be influenced by you. When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person for a different response. Having different opinions, from people who think differently, helps you to formulate an overall more thought out decision of your own. Whether you take your parents advice of not eating another slice of cake, or you don't. Seeking multiple opinions can help people to make wiser choices.

One reason gathering different opinions from people can help to make better choices is because it helps in you being less one-sided and more open to new opinions. An article by VAstories. com about a woman named Generic_Name who recently decided to move into Virginia states her story of how and why she decided to move and who influenced her decision. Generic_Name states, "I used to live in Chicago, Illinois with my husband and 2 young boys. As a mom, I always thought keeping my children in one place was the best option for my kids. That way they wouldn't have to move around and lose their friends. I soon realized I was wrong." She proceeds to talk about how she asked her boys whether they should move or not, and to her surprise they said yes. They were bored of the same town and would like to make new friends somewhere else. Generic_Name also asked her husband and he agreed that the kids should grow up in different place. Have the whole world be their home. If Generic_Name hadn't asked her family for their opinions, and kept the same idea in her head that its healthy to stay in one place. The Pickets might have never moved. Understanding other people's point of view on the situation can help you to see another solution, or problem, you might not have seen in the beginning.

A second reason formulating an opinion of your own from other people's experiences is important, is because you don't want to base all of your own thoughts off of only one person's story. When you communicate with a variety of people, you get to see different stories and not just the same opinion stated multiple times by the same group of people. An experiment conducted by Buzzfeednews. com on politics showed that more than 65% of participants changed their view on their personal best candidate after hearing stories and opinions from people who support different political parties. The experiment took 11 republicans and 11 democrats, put them in a room with cameras, and had them discuss their opinions on why they voted for who they did. There were some disagreements, and controversial topics discussed. However, in the end, most people were not completely set on just one party anymore. Understanding other people's views on this topic, whether you agree with them or not, not only helps in being more open-minded, but you also get to hear other people's stories and not base your thoughts all on one person, or a group of people's opinion.

I conclude, seeking multiple opinions from different people can help you to make more well thought out choices. This is because hearing different thoughts and opinions on a topic leads you to become less biased towards your side, and you get to base your decision on multiple different points of view.

If you agree with the points made in this essay, maybe next time you want to have another slice of cake and you ask your parents. Formulate your own decision based off of what they say. Not off what one parent says. 