These summer projects that some schools require students to do should be teacher-designed. If the project is teacher-designed it will challenge the students on what they know and what they might need to learn. Since the projects are teacher-designed you can always ask a teacher for help if needed. Because the projects are designed by teachers, they could also be preparing you for the subject for the next school year. These three points help prove why a teacher-designed project is better than a student-designed one.

The teacher-designed project will challenge the students on topics they would have already learned during the school year. It's a good way of challenging them on what they already know so that they can see what they remember and what they might need to relearn. Some may argue that the students would be too stressed during the summer from the project that they won't really enjoy their summer. However, if they take time and pace themselves the project shouldn't take that much time; since it's based on what they previously learned.

If the projects are teacher-designed you could ask a teacher for help if need, for they would already know the topic of the project. If students have problems or ever get confused they could ask a teacher for assistance. Some may argue that during the summer; teachers won't be willing to help or they might be to busy to be able to do anything. However, most teachers are still reachable through their school email or any other way that you would use to contact them to ask questions.

Because these projects would be teacher-designed, they could also be mentally preparing the students for that subject for the next school year. These projects would be testing the students on new information that they would need to know for the start of the new school year. Some may argue that the teacher-designed projects would be more stressful than it would be useful. However, it would be more helpful to challenge the students on new topics to see where they are at, at comprehending the new topic.

These three points help provide examples on the claim. In conclusion a teacher-designed project would be more resourceful and helpful than a student-designed project.