You have to make the right decision, but dont know what to do. You ask one of your friends and they agree with the decision you want to make,but something still feels wrong. You ask another friend for help and the agree with you. They agree your making the wrong decision and explain to you why they think that. after hearing what they have to say you realize they were right. You end up making the decision that was right. when you see other peoples point of view it can be really helpful. sometimes when you listen you can learn a lot. It is important to talk to others when needing help in making a decision.

Sometimes, you have to make tough decisions. But after taking a survey blue ridge middle school, a school for advanced learners, found that after talking to more than one friend 78% of their students were found to make the right decision. This shows that your friends, if they are a good friends,

will almost always help you make the right decision, or will at least try. This is really important and matters because if we are good friends then we can help a friend make a better decision and that will probably boost our confidence to. If each person tries to make better decisions and help others make better decisions the whole world can try to make better decisions.

Now I do understand that we can never be perfect and we can never all make the right decisions ,but we can all try our hardest to. If we try our hardest to make the right decisions we can feel great about our selves and be great people.

If you talk to more than one friend you can have support after the decision happens. Generic_Name stated in her book Decisions, New York Times best seller, that " When you make the wrong decision,sometimes you just need your friends there for the mountain you have to climb after." this is really important because we really do need our friends there when we make the wrong decision. They really help us by supporting us with everything we do. When we support our friends we gain stronger friends. when you have a strong friendship then you can help each other make good decisions.

When you talk to more than one person you get more points of view and more chances to make the right decision. Sources of Strength, a well known company that focuses on making kids good people, did a survey and found that 90% of the time people will go towards making the right decision rather then making the wrong one. This is really important because it shows that ,most of the time, when you ask more then one person for help you have a better chance of one of them telling you to make the right decision.

to conclude when you ask more then one person for help in make a decision then you gain many things including, trust, the right decision, and better friends. Talking to others when making important decisions is very helpful. So next time you need help in making a decision dont be scared to go ask your friend for help. If your friend ever needs help go help them so everyone can be a great person and a good friend. 