I whole-heartedly believe the United States should keep the electoral College because the people voting are more legit, the voters are more educated in government topics than most, and citizens still have a say in the vote. Some citizens need to realize that electing a president is a big deal. Electors have more knowledge than most citizens about those government choices and which is best for The United States. Just because it says a citizen is qualified to vote does not always mean that person is making the correct decision. The electoral college electors uses their votes on legit reasons and what can benefit their country.

Electoral College is the way to go because the people voting are more legit. These Electors see what the people who are running for president and vice president have to offer. If they feel it is more benefical than what the other president/vice president has to offer, they will vote for that president. Most citizens understand what the president and vice president is trying to do for their country but the other citizens who are only voting because they can, do not. These citizens still effect the elect of the president and vice president and that's why the electoral college is a must have.

Electors are usually more educated in government topics than most citizens. The electors are people from the House of Representatives and Senators also. For those Representatives and those Senators to get there, they study about the United States and it's government. When Presidents and Vice presidents state what they are willing to do for the country, those electors know if it is appropriate and necessary and which one makes more sense or benefits the country more than the other. Not that Citizens would understand the best choice for the country but more likely than not an electors would make a more educated choice than a citizen would.

Even though the electors are voting, Citizens vote still count and matter. Citizens vote for the elector who is voting for the president that the citizens wants to vote for. A citizen can vote for a certain amount of electors who pledged to vote for the desired President and Vice President. If those electors won the statewide election, that desired President and Vice president would get those certain amount of electoral votes. It all depends on the citizens to choose the electors and whoever gets the majority vote, gets the electoral votes.

In Conclusion, the electoral college definitely should stay and help choose the better President and Vice President. The electors have a more legit reason to their choice than most citizens voting, since the electors are based on Representatives and Senators, they are more educated in that government matter, and even though it is electoral votes, the citizens vote count and matter. Without the electoral college, citizens who voted for a president can lose because the people who voted for the other president didn't think about the advantage and disadvantage of that president. Even if it was the better choice, the president can have ideas that don't benefit the voter. Electoral college who be kept and help all citizens choice the more reliable President and Vice President.            