Have you ever thought of asking more than one person for advice? There are multiple reasons why you should. You should always talk to a smarter person because they can know more facts. You can see of different people have the same opinion as you. Someone could be wrong and you could have asked the wrong person and given you false information. You should get more opinions because it's smart to have more and you can't just rely on one opinion it can totally wrong.

My first reason is that you should ask the smarter person because they know more. You can't go up to a random dude on the street and ask him about your college work he might know nothing about it. You should go to your professor and ask him or her how should I go with this and how would it make me better at it. In sports you shouldn't go to basketball coach and ask him how to go when swimming a 100 freestyle he wouldn't know how to. This goes with my second reason that you can get false information like asking a random person again what is 5 to the second power and he could say 10 but if u ask a teacher it is actually 25.

The third reason is that always get other peoples opinion like if you are asking how to deal with a newborn you can ask a family member who has already had a kid before and ask how they took care of it. Doctors are a great use of asking that kind of information and using real websites that are approved by real doctors and specialist. Another good reason is to get more than one opinion because you cant just think one pearson is right they could have a good way but always ask someone else to see if they have the same opinion as you. I personally think you should multiple people because it would like to get more and different ways on how to do something. It lets me have different ways so that if I don't like one of the ways someone tells me to do I can have different ones and see if I like them.

So in conclusion you should always ask different people for advice not just one. Because you can get false information. You can't rely on one pearson and see if people have the same opinion as you. Always find the smarter pearson to talk to not some random weird guy of the street who says he knows everything. These are some good reasons to why you should always ask other people for their opinion for advice.