Students would greatly benefit from being able to take classes at home because kids are sometimes sick and can't attend class, it teaches students to work more independently, and allows them to work in a more comfortable environment. School in person is important too for students because they will interact with other people which is an important part of growing up. Some people though rely too heavily on teachers and other students help while they are at school and don't work individually. There should be a balance so kids have the opportunity to experience both working by themselves and collaborating with others.

On average, students miss at least a few days of school every year due to being ill or just away on a vacation. If you miss even just 1 or 2 days of school it can be very difficult for kids to make up all the work since they missed the lecture by the teacher in class. Certain classes don't post what you missed online making it even harder to learn the material when you weren't in class that day. Most of the time when people are sick they usually watch TV or look at their phone so teachers mine as well record a video of them teaching the class so that way students can learn the lesson while they are at home.

When kids grow up and become adults likely they will have a job or might live by themselves and will need to know how to be independent. If students took some online classes this would force them to problem solve and do research to find the answer when they don't have someone they can ask. At school when kids don't know the answer often they will just ask their friend or the teacher while this occasionally can be good, it doesn't teach them how to find the answer on their own. Depending on your job you may not always have a person there to help you out when you're in a struggle. Most of the work done in college is required to be online nowadays even majority of the textbooks you read are online.

At home you are more relaxed and in a more familiar environment than school. The chairs at school may often be uncomfortable, you might not have the best lunch selection if you are a student who buys, and there could also be more distractions such as your friends. You could argue that it's important to put yourself in uncomfortable situations but at least when you are an adult and more independent you will have the luxury of picking what you eat for lunch or even bringing in your own chair. People work more efficiently when they are in a place that feels more normal to them.

To be successful in life a person needs to know how to work with other people but also individually. While in person school learning is seen to be the preferred option by most people, people should also consider all the benefits online school brings to the table. With all the new technology coming out to improve electronics it is a perfect time for schools to implement online learning programs. The job of parents and high school teachers is to get their child ready for the real world and online courses are one of the best ways to do this.          