In this modern world, the use of technology has made life easier for humans at work,schools and other public places. With this, students are now even allowed to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing with teachers instead of being in the classroom as we have been doing earlier. Which I point the idea of online education out to be a bad way of learning because being in a classroom have way more good impact on students than to learn online. Although other people might believe otherwise, but students not paying attention while taking classes online at home, device malfunctioning, students not being able to ask questions as they want if they in a real classroom prove that online or video conferencing way of taking classes is not benefiting students.

Students will pay less attention while taking online classes at home. For example, my older sister, Generic_Name was being told by her friends that she could take Economics class online during the summer before school reopens so that she can get free period on her schedule in her junior year or replace that period with any elective class she want to take. This idea from her friend did sound very good to her because she wanted to take guitar class and this idea will make that happen for her when she gets the chance to add any other elective class to her schedule in her junior year. When she started the online class in the summer,she was really focused at first but as she got to half way of the class she gradually started losing focus because my parents and I were going to places while she will be staying alone in the house learning online. She eventually then stopped for sometime and joined us to the beach and other fun places and when we come back home in the evening, she would have skip her online class and go to bed because she was tired. This continued for sometime and she ended failing the wise test, the final test to take to pass Economics class and she's now taking that class in her junior year now. Had Generic_Name taken the class at school, she would have been instructed by her teachers to pay much attention in class and she wouldn't had wasted her summer break. This is one of the negative effect on students when they take online classes.

Again, devices such as computers and other electrical devices that students use to access the online education can malfunction sometimes.

For example, my cousin, Generic_Name had a bachelor's degree and he decided to take an online class to get his master's degree because he did want to stop working and go back to school. He would always get off work at around 5pm and start his online class at 6pm to 7pm on Mondays,Wednesdays and Thursdays. Everything was going on well until his computer started working very slow at a point which made it very hard for him to do his conference video with his teachers. He later on realized that his computer has contracted virus from probably a website that he visited. With that, he had to install a new windows on his computer to get rid of the virus. After installing new windows, he continued with his online classes and he eventually earn his master's degree but the virus that his computer contracted wasted his time and money because he had to wait for about a week to get someone to get him new windows and also he had to pay another fees to start his online class again. Had Generic_Name taken his classes at school, he wouldn't have wasted his money and time. This is also one of the negative effect of online classes on students.

In addition, students who take online classes will not be able to ask questions as they want if they were with a teacher in a classroom. Since online classes are sometimes a recorded videos that students have to watch, they don't get the chance to ask questions about anything that they don't understand. Also since all these online classes have a fixed time for it end, students who have questions don't get to ask questions since the video confidence end as soon as the time deal that the student bought is up. For example, I needed to pass CPR test in P.E in my freshmen year because it's a requirement for graduation. With that, the teachers has posted a video on our school Blackboard FCPS website explaining what to do when someone needs CPR and also some other things to do in an emergency to save a life. I had a lot of questions after watching the video and since the video was recorded, I couldn't ask. I went for the practicals and I failed and now I have to take it again in my senior year. Had there been a CPR class at least after school, I believe all of my questions would have been answered by a teacher and I would have pass the test in the first place. This also prove that online learning is not benefiting students.

Some people might argue that some students can really pay attention to their online classes and pass them at once. My sister Generic_Name had the same idea of focusing on her online class and pass it but she was distracted half way and she failed,which means this same situation can happen to other students. Also some students even need to stay after school and get help from their teachers about something they didn't understand in class and also get answers to their questions, unlike online classes that the video can sometimes be played several times or the person teaching or speaking can explain something for several times but the understanding wouldn't be clear as in face to face.

In conclusion,

I would like to make a suggestion that online or video conferencing learning should be canceled and there should rather be real summer classes for students to take if they want to skip a class during the school year and also real classes should be made for other students who want to advance their education to pursue degrees instead of using online or video conferencing to learn because it doesn't benefit students at all.          