Technogly is everywhere.

Its in our coffie maker at your house, in your car on the way to work, in your phone calling to tell your boss you are stuck in traffic, and on the computer at your work place.

But some one decided to make technogly even better, a man of the name Prof. Thomas Huang.

The brillent Facial Action Coding System will be able to change a veriety of industries.

How angry would people be if students would be sitting in school taking a test or doing an assignment and they were getting upset because they do not understand the assignment?

Now we dont need to get upset anymore because the Facial Action Coding Software can detect these kind of emotions. " A classsroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored" predicts Dr. Huang.

" Then the software could alter the question if need be so the student can understand the computerized assignment.

This would be extremly useful for people who find it a challenge to understand tough questions.

" Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication," notes Dr. Haung, " So computers need to understand that to."

This is very impotant because people can not always tell if a person is smiling becuase they are happy, or they are tring to cover up what they are truly feeling.

In a classroom, students are not likly to talk about their feeling in fear of getting bullied and made fun of.

The Facial Action Coding Software can calculate the emotions held by a kid and help to releave the stress of a diffacult test of assignment.

With this being said, kids can also minipulate the software by acting sad or angry to try to weaken the strangth of the computer based assignment.

This could lead to helping develop a deceptive attitude in young students that could continue to worsen as time goes on.

Would we rather choose to help the students who really need additional guidence in a classroom get the help that they need or not introduce this brillent program to countless students because of the fear of kids putting their own furture at steak because they want to take the easy road in life?

The Facial Action Coding Software is a mind-blowing program that will help kids and students of all ages acheive what they did not think would be possible.

With being able to detect a sad or confused face on a student will help the FACS program to understand the emotions of that kid.

Aslo, being able to change for any kids need is not something that a teacher can do very easily.

this would help the teacher be able to give support to the kids with out being their next to them all the time.

The Facial Action Coding System will help many kids as well as teacher all across the world.

Are we willing to jump into the furture of schooling and take a couple risks?         