Technology is the future, and with the advancement of technology comes the addition of responsibility for the people using it. One hundred and fifty years ago, we had a thriving textile industry, and the long awaited introduction of railroads and canals. Today, we are advancing with the hopes of creating a cost efficient self-driving vehicle that people from all reaches of the world can use. While this task may prove to be difficult, it is definitely a task that we should take on. Self-driving cars are a beneficial gateway to mastering concepts like artificial intelligence. Continuous experimentation with self-driving, or driverless cars will only prove to be benefical to humanity. I believe that the development of driverless cars will make driving safer, create opportunities in transportation, and lead on to greater advancments in technology.

Think of a world where technology is what gets people from one location to another. One would get in their vehicle, speak or type in a few commands, and be on the way to their desired location. If scientists can master driverless cars, the road would be a much safer place. Driverless cars would make many less mistakes than the average human being. With the use of the advanced sensors, GPS, and radars that have been developed, cars will be able to communicate with one another and make decisions faster than any human. Every vehicle will be on a network communicating with one another, allowing for the safest and most efficient driving. The mental and physical aspects of humans play a huge role in driving conditions. A human's driving capabilities are hindered by mental and physical feelings like anger or fatigue. These feelings do not have an effect on driverless cars. Driverless cars can only make the road a safer and more efficient place, as they are able to communicate with one another and eliminate common human mistakes.

Driverless cars are a stepping stone for greater transportation. With the developments of these technologies, improvements will be made in all aspects of transportation. Bus travel will become safer and more efficient. When this technology hits the world of aviation, planes and other aircraft will go beyond what they are today. Flying already uses extremely advanced technologies, but scientists can definitely push it to be better. When a well-made driverless car is developed, doors are opened for all types of transportation. Driverless cars will not only revolutionize all aspects of transportation, but it will also open doors in other areas of technology.

With the advancement of driverless cars, comes the eventual advancement of other technologies. The investment in the development of driverless cars will yield a great reward. Scientists will be able to push the boundaries of artificial intelligence, which plays a huge role in driverless cars. Artificial intelligence pushes for a greater future, as it allows for robots and alike technologies to complete tasks that would be difficult or time consuming for humans. Radars and sensors will also improve. People see radar technology in the weather, and GPS systems. With the advancements of radar technology, there will be a day when scientists can detect a tornado hours before it is going to touch down. At that point in time, there may even be technology to stop natural disasters.

In conclusion, driverless cars will take time to perfect, but driverless cars will be worth it when this perfection comes. There is a plethera of advantages that driverless cars bring to the table. They make the driving world a safer, and more efficient place. The technologies used in driverless cars also open doors to new types of technology. The benefits heavily outweigh the consequences when it comes to the development of driverless cars. When the world wanted to reach the stars, we did, so now let us reach for a technology that will make the world a better place.           