As time goes by, many technological advances come about and many change the world we live in. Within a few years there have been many new inventions that have completely revolutinized the way we live. Some people like the new ideas that are brought up and some don't. It all depends on who has a purpose to use it. The idea of cars that can drive themselves have came up and have some scratching their heads. Many do not want to have one of these cars and the developers are trying to find ways to improve them. As they continue to test them and see if they are ready to be sold to the public, the public can only wait and see how this will turn out.

Vehicles have been improved year by year and there always seems to be a new model that comes out and is said to be the 'best' that has ever been made. The people want them and no matter what, there are always some things that bug the owners. As new models come out, the prices of the vehicles go up. Just imagine the price of a new car that is able to drive itself. We have no idea how the cars will affect our everyday life and what changes it will bring as well. I personally believe that these brand new cars will not be a good thing to have. It could cause anger and we could only imagine the price to get one repaired if it were to be in some sort of accident. With a slow limited speed, it would cause the other drivers on the road who drive normal cars to be very aggrivated. The weather also brings up a new con in the public's mind as we wonder how the car will run in something such as snow or heavy rain. The car is drives itself until it reaches things like moving past an accident and moving through work zones. It may have the driver bored out of their mind, waiting for their turn on the wheel and has people wondering if others are able to be in the car with them. Could the car cause accidents and will be available to all who are able to afford it? There are so many new ideas that can have positive and very negative affects.

There are still many questions that stay in our heads that we want to be answered. The car still has some time until it is publically released, but we are all anxious to see what this vehicle will do to our lives.    