I would argue yes this could be a valueable. The reason this could be valueable is because this can be used anyhwhere in classrooms work offices police office etc. People wouldn't be able to lie about what they done or how they feel inside. This could become a lie test for people who comit crimes.

I believe this new technology could become a great tool. The teachers when they ask a student if he/she understand their face tell it all. This can also help teacher who at times don't know how a student feels and relate with the student. If the students aren't into a lesson the teacher know so she maybe come in at a different point of veiw. This would not only be a good tool but it could make people better at their jobs.

This new technology can be use in the court. When people lie they put on a different face with the kind of tool the courts can detect if someone telling a lie. This new technology tool can make jobs like easier and take stress off people knowing that they did the right thing. This can also tell if someone gets mad and about to lose control which can also be a sign of guilt.

This new technology tool can be of great use in the at docter office or the emergancy room. This tool can help se how much pain a person is really in and what they can do to help. This can also see if someone is liying about pain to get pills to sale. This can also see if someone needs help mentally and what can help or be of great use to them. This new technology can help after a women has given brith to see if the baby is doing well.

I think this new technology tool can be of great use to our society. This technology open doors to a better life a better school for kids. This technology can be useful because it helps people see the things wrong about them. This technology can be used anywhere helps peole who needs help this can also help people descirbe how they feel in the inside. I do believe that this invention would have a great use in society and benefit many people in the work force.       