I believe that the use of the Facial Action Coding System to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable and useful. Imagine this, you are a child in a boring old science or math class and you are frowning and you are just so bored. Then all of a sudden your teacher is making the lesson more interesting by adding superheros or music. How did she do that? Now put yourself into the shoes of the teacher in that situation. You look on your computer and see that your whole class is bored and angry. Why not make this more interesting by putting on upbeat music and adding glitter and bright colors to your notes? That is what you can do with this new technology.

This technology would be really useful in all the classrooms. If you put it on the teachers computers it would really bring the childrens grades up and hopefully keep them interested and thinking about what tomorrows lesson is going to be like. With this new technology it might even keep kids out of trouble just so they won't miss their favorite class with their new favorite teacher.

The text has many many pros of why you would want this program in classrooms. In paragraph one it states, "She's 83 percent happy, 9 percest disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry." This is when they were talking about the Mona Lisa. The Facial Action Coding System shows all the emotion Mona Lisa was showing even though it is a painting and was painted a very long time ago. In paragraph three the text states, "happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness-and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles." and paragraph four, "Using video imagery, the new emotion recognition software tracks these facial movements- in a real face or in the painted face of Mona Lisa. By weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions. Each expression is compared against a neutral face." These examples show all the emotions it can identify, such as the Mona Lisa and her mixed emotions. Another quote says, "For instance you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. Of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc." The last two example and quotes I gave prove how intelligent this machine is. It can identify emotions better thanus humans, and we make the facial expressions!

This technology may be great and all but the only downside is that you can not have it on your laptop, the text states, "Your home PC can't handles the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa's smile." This has some pros and some cons. One con in the text says, "Imagine a computer thqat knows when you're happy or sad, For examples, if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different." That could be really upsetting considering how annoying some ads are. For example if you have a cat but it is showing an ad for bird food, what will that be useful for?

If teachers couldn't have the program for the Facial Action Coding System on their school computers they could always jusrt smile and try to be happy. In paragrqaph nine the text states, "According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them." The author also states, "A renowned drama coach, Constantin Stanislavsky, had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage. Empathy may happen because we unconsciously imitate another person's facial expressions." This shows that of a teacher smiles or laughs or changes her voice to a more upbeat pitch, the students may be more happy with the lesson.              