Dear Florda state Senator

There has been questioning of the Electoral Callege, as you may already know. I wish to give suport on prasurving the Electoral Callege. For the futer reference of this letter alow me to set down some bait for the other points of this letter. I'm wanting to go over the fact of election and favoring. Soon after, I willthe talk about the facts of this college process. Many other subjects will cume up in this letter, so pleas read my points of intrest here.

The voting process for a presedant is more realistic when it comes to the Electoral way. The runner up is required to atleast earn a majority of 270 votes.  The Electoral College consists of 538 electors, this being a needed fact for the statment above. A popular vote is as seas in the name, a popularity contest, as to having a resonable way of doing this the Electoral way provides equill and reasonable way to win.

The thought of college brings the idea that the runer ups have been edjicated in the workings of the government and state. A popularity contest only implys that the runers are like the football joceys in the college. Though the Electoral College has had by falt winners as such. Obama with a 61.7 percent over Romney with a 51.3 percent. In the acurince of this, it will turn into a popularity contest to settal who the winner is. The only problem of this is becouse of the nuber o  votes being 538, it is possible becouse of the total number of votes being even that tere could be a nation wide tie.

In Electoral vue, it has grait points to the voting of bigger states. The senate dicreed in the Constitution, the political weight in large states by population lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment. For example in 2012 Obama scored 29 points from Florida but only 3 points from Wyoming. The larger state had given more points to the winner but the smaller state evened out the lead.

In conclution, this brings me to the last point of though. Electoral College is good in the eyes of thousands and it should never hafe to change. As my friends would say why fix something that isn't broke. Thank you agean for your time and have a nice day.    