Advice is when a person gives their honest opinion and feedback to someone, and what they would do if they were in that situation. Many people ask multiple people for advice because seeking multiple, different opinions helps you see the situation in a different perspective. Some people may have already experienced a similar situation to yours and could give you advice on what they did and how it resulted. Asking for advice from different people also give you a more variety of ways to approach the situation and how to handle the situation properly. If you don't ask anyone for advice, you would not have any knowledge on how to handle the situation correctly.

Asking for just one persons advice would also not let you grow as a better and stronger person. Asking for advice shows people that you are a person willing to learn new ways to make smart choices. Sometimes, it's good to learn things on your own, but in some situations, we might need help and advice on. Sharing advice with other people is also a good idea because you may have experienced something someone else hasn't, and you could help guide them into the right pathway by helping them make a smart decision. It's always important to give advice to others because they would be willing to give you good advice aswell.

For example, someone could ask a close friend or family member for parenting tips. Parenting can be challenging for some adults and maybe a little easier for others. Once an adult enters parenting, they most likely have absolutely no way on how to approach the pathway of having children. So, they could ask close friends or family members that already have children for specific advice. This allows the parent to learn more about how to properly take care of their child. Asking a friend or relative for parenting advice when they don't have any children, would not help the parent learn about how to properly take care of their child. They might ask multiple people for their advice about parenting, because it educates them different ways other ways parents raise and guide their child.

I remember I had a problem that had to do with school. At the beginning of this school year, I would put so much effort into my assignments. I did this because I wanted to prepare myself for high school and get into a good college. As the year slowly went by, I felt overwhelmed by the idea of transitioning into high school and all of the work I would have to do. I had the chance to hear some high schoolers talk about how they managed their school work and activites. They told me that even though school is important, it's always good to give yourself time to enjoy your youth and spend your time wisely. I've never recieved advice and feedback like this before because I've never thought about how fast time goes by and that I don't want to spend all my time and energy on school. I've now realized that school is a key priority, but self care is also a priority. This year I have made a lot of new friends and made many great memories. And I thank all high schoolers who have helped me realize life just isn't about school.

Giving someone advice can have such a big impact on them. Everyone eventually gets to a point in life where they just don't know what to do when a problem stands in their way. And many people are scared to ask others for advice because they might not want to share their problem but really need the help. You could ask multiple people for advice, and might follow one persons advice and not the others. And that is okay, because they're just giving their honest opinion about what they would specifically do if they were in your shoes.