In the article the author believes that we need to try to see more of Venus, however, going to Venus is very dangerous. Many people believe that the trip to Venus would be too dangerous given the real dangers on the planet. The author gives us both sides of the argument as to if we should keep trying to go to Venus or if we need to stop and focus our time on something less dangerous. We do have the chance to see what Venus holds because of the technology we have in todays world. It would be a very major accomplishment if we could get a person to land on Venus.

Venus is a dangerous planet, we do not know what is under the "carbon dioxide blankets". The author of this article says that although Venus is 97% covered in a thick atmosphere, we still hve a chance to see what is under it. One way the author included was to send a hovering vehicle to Venus and have it take pictures of the planet 30 miles abover the land. Although they do say that because of the thick carbon dioxide you would not see anyhting because the lights we have will more than likly will not be bright enough. Yet the author still believes there is a soultion to that problem and all the other ones I might add.

At the end of paragraph 5 the author says "Not easy conditions, but suriviable for humans." you see the author says that it is "around 170 degrees Fahrenheit and the air pressure is close to sea level on Earth " and it seems unlikly for a person to be able to handle the 170 degree heat let alone the air pressure. Then the author goes on to tell us that we can use a hovering car, still it is a good idea but again the pictures would not be clear at all, which would defete the idea of a hovering car. There are many good and bad things about sending things up to try and get a look at Venus, and the author seems to think there is more good than bad. They do tell us that NASA is working on taking new approches to study Venus, like he said " some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chos of Venus" and if that is true then we may be taking a step in the right direction.

Winding down the author says that " striving to meet the challenges presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also becuase human curiosity will likly lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." this quote proves that we are going to want to try and see more planets but if we can not get close enough to one of the closest planets around us, how are we supposed to get any further. The author makes many good points in this article, we should try to go to Venus, maybe not send a person up there right away, but we need to see what Venus has in store. The universe is bigger than just our solar system, if we can not even find a way to see Venus how are we going to go anywhere else. The author shows us both sides of the argument and the good that could come from going to Venus is just amazing. It could even be the greatest accomplishment in a long time. 