If people are not able to attend school by going there and learning, they should have to option of going online at home to learn. Say if a student has a learning disability and they have trouble learning in a classroom the online option would help them greatly in school for them to learn. The classroom can be very distracting to a person, with constant talking and noise people, coming in and out of the room it would drive a person with a disability crazy. Those types of people have the hardest time in classrooms. Another reason why a person would school from home if they are moving a lot with their families and or they get bullied at school and they can't deal with it.

People with disabilities have the toughest time in classrooms, their minds do not function like our minds do they have constant think of other things going on in the world and their hobbies. A real world example would be a person by the name of Logan, he has a disability but he does not let that interfere with his learning. He is a very smart person and does really well in his classes however, people find him weird and so people don't really find him that easy to talk to or they don't want to talk to him. If you get to know him he is just a normal person who is a bit out of the normal. Not all people with disabilities have trouble in a classroom.

People who move quite often have a hard time with grasping a topic that they have learned in a classroom. They transfer from school to school they can start to lose a topic if they don't practice the topic. It would be a lot easier on the kid that has to move a lot they can just switch houses and not try and making new friends at the new school. Moving constantly can be hard on a kid they have to adjust to a new place every other month or year. Kids who live in families that move a lot have a though time in classrooms so doing school online would be the better option for learning.

Online school would be a better option for a kid if they get bullied a lot at the school that they go to. They could come up with excuses and say they can't go cause they are sick when they are not. They can miss out so much school work they start to really fall behind in those classes cause they are not there to learn and put the work in cause someone is putting them down on a daily. They could get away from all that and do school online where they don't have to deal with anyone around them trying to put them down while they learn. Online school would be a great option for kids they get bullied a lot in school.

From all the examples online school sounds like a great option for people who have a though time with school. Either it be moving, bullying, or a disability people can have trouble and can't learn. Online school is a great resource for people to have if they don't learn properly. Everyone should be able to learn either it be online or in person. For people have any of those examples they should do online school it will help them learn better and have a great life in the future. 