Currently, there aren't many kids doing extracurricular activities inside or outside of school.

I believe that this is not a good thing, considering that extracurricular activities have many benefits that could help students excel academically.

A large number of these students do not know what great effects these activities could have, so they don't participate in them.

Recently, my principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

I agree with her decision to make these activities mandatory for multiple reasons. Extracurricular activities allow kids to socialize with others, give more opportunities to discover new talents, and help kids improve their critical thinking and physical abilities.

Extracurricular activities allow kids to socialize with each other.

Most extracurricular activities involve discussing ideas and plans with each other.

This gives kids way more opportunities to make new friends.

Making students socialize can easily spark new friendships, which is a great positive change.

Furthermore, participating in activities that students like allows them to meet people with similar interests.

This makes kids feel more supported and not as alone in an activity that they actually enjoy.

Finding kids who enjoy the same things as they do can improve their confidence and self-esteem.

Finally, more socializing opportunities bring more teamwork opportunities. All of these activities, whether it's soccer or yearbook club, involve working together and being apart of a team. Teamwork is a very important skill that is necessary in succeeding in life.

Knowing how to work together is crucial, and starting at a young age is a beneficial way to improve this skill.

Students can also learn how to help each other in skills that need improvement, and they can give others more confidence and support.

Being supportive is a good trait that all students should have.

Giving kids more opportunities to socialize with each other is so important and beneficial, and this new decision is the perfect opportunity.

This new decision also gives students more opportunities to discover new talents or learn new things.

Encouraging kids to experiment with new activities and go out of their comfort zones can help them find something that they really enjoy.

There is a wide variety of activities for students to choose from, and one of these activities could help someone find their passion.

It is so important for kids to find an activity that they're passionate about, and they may even end up turning it into a career.

Every school's goal should be to educate children and give them the skills that they need to be successful, and making extracurricular activities mandatory certainly drives the path towards that goal.

Participating in new activities could also teach students skills that can help them become successful.

Learning how to paint, dribble a basketball, and photograph may seem like small, unimportant skills, but they could eventually turn into something big.

Lastly, participating in extracurricular activities can help students find something that they're good at.

People who have struggled in finding talents and skills now have more opportunities to do so.

A lot of students might not feel special or talented, but they could finally find something that they're good at.

Making extracurricular activities mandatory for students could open up many doors.

Extracurricular activities help students improve their critical thinking and physical abilities.

No matter what extracurricular activity, they allow kids to use their creative minds more often.

Making students' critical thinking abilities stronger could have so many benefits.

Kids would likely improve their grades and think in a more creative way.

Their imaginations would become so much more powerful, and this would positively impact them.

Also, participating in physical activities like sports has many positive outcomes.

Participating in a sport would really enhance these students' physical abilities.

Encouraging exercise would allow kids to stay in shape and become more fit, and being good at a sport also has many benefits.

Students could join sports teams and play a sport in high school or college.

Extracurricular activities teach kids how to solve problems differently.

It is very beneficial to help kids think outside the box, as this would really help them in the future.

Teaching kids how to think creatively and differently makes them stand out from each other.

The improvement of these abilities is just another positive outcome of making extracurricular activities mandatory.

I agree with my principal's decision to make participation in at least one extracurricular activity mandatory for these reasons.

Extracurricular activities give students more socializing opportunities, allow students to discover new talents or learn new skills, and help the improvement of their critical thinking and physical abilities.

This new decision could be the start of a lot of improvement.

I truly believe that making extracurricular activities mandatory would have a large, lasting impact on all students. 