In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author presents both positive and negitive aspects of the driverless cars. The cars would be very helpful in controlling accidents and collisions. The driverless car cars are still developing to be completely driverless but for now they still requires a person to be prepared to take the wheel to navigate through an accident or a road block. In the following paragraphs I will explain the pros and cons of these driverless cars.

The cars use cameras and sensors to model the cars 3D surroundings. A combination of the cameras and sensors help the car mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. A person must always be aware and ready to take the wheel when problems occur. If someone is on a long car ride inside one of these driverless cars they would most likely become bored and wouldn't be paying any attention to the road. If a problems were to arise and the drivers is asleep or not paying attention when the car needs the driver to take over the drivers reaction would be delayed and an accident could occur.

Say the driver was not paying attention or sleeping and the car got into a wreck is it the drivers fault or the manufacturer's fault? How would you know who was at fault? I feel the cars will never be fully safe because a computer cannot fully mimic a humans reactions, a human may know better what to do than a computer in certain situations, also in certain cases it could be the other way around.

There are certain laws in place to protect drivers, passengers, and pedestrians. All traffic laws are written assuming there is a human driver. Many states do not allow the testing of computer driven cars. More states will allow computer cars as soon as they are reliably safe. Law makers must consider that new laws need to be put in place to cover liability in case of an accident to protect both the manufacturer and the people involved in the accident.

These computer driven cars will make daily life easier. Just imagine never having to buy a car again but calling a computer driven taxi to pick you up. As long as these cars are safe and reliable they will be a part of our everyday lives. These cars will lower the accident rates and keep people safe. 