Have you ever heard the phase "If it ain't broke don't fix it?", well as Americans we shoud stick by that when it comes to the Electoral College.

Politics aren't a popularity contest, they are an important asset of this great nation and should not be taken lightly.  The Electoral College is one of the many compromises established by The Founding Fathers of these United States and if they believed in the compromise why go and change it? With this method citizens can be certain that there will be a new president next term without fault.

To ferther elaberate, people might argue that this "winner takes all method" is outdate and irrational, but do people really know what this method is? The Electoral College is a process that consist of a body of electors, 538 to be exact, the majority of the votes is required to elect the President. Your state also has a say in this , it has an allotment of electors that equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation. In lamens terms theres a vote for each member of the House of Representives and two for your Senators. This process is simple.

There is always the chance of a dispute- it happened in 2000- but with this method its less likely. As stated in sourse 3 by Richard A. Posner he sets the 2012 election as an example by saying "Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes."  That's 10.4 percent more than popular voting methods. Posner also adds " A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes--538-- is an even number, but it is highly unlikely..." With the Electoral College there is certainty of outcome.

The evidense is there, certainty of outcoome gives the public a sigh of relief and with such a simple process of election there will be no confusion. So like mentioned before if it ain't broke don't fix it this process has been around for more than a century and it hasn't failed yet.                                                   