As students get older they start not wanting to go to school so, some schools started offering online video conferencing as a alternative for this problem. Therefore, some might say that video online conferencing would help students because they can learn from home. But, students would not actually benefit from online video conferencing because the lack of physical interaction and the distractions at home.

If students started to do online video conferencing, they would lack physical interaction. Some people might think that this is great for the shy students. But, if the teacher is not present the students wouldn't ask questions and the teacher wouldn't be able to physically help them with a problem. Also, the students wouldn't have one on one time with the teacher. Students need one on one time with the teacher so they can understand what they are learning and so that the teacher can help them individually. Furthermore, students need hands on learning. Hands on learning is important because it gives the students a general idea what the actual work is like so they can learn it and understand it better.

Additionally, students would be distracted by the activities and objects at home. Students would not pay attention to what they are learning if they are on their phones. Student are always on their phones, they text and check social media everyday. The teacher would not be able to punish them if they are on their phones during a lecture or while the teacher is teaching a lesson because the student is not physically there. The students would also be distracted by their parents. Their parents could be a distraction by interrupting the student while in a lesson. The parents could ask the student to do chores like: take out the trash, do the dishes, or even take the dog on a walk. Furthermore, students would get distracted by their pets. Pets are very unpredictable so, the student doesn't know what the pet is going to do. The pet could make a mess or just be really noisy. Pets would take the attention away from the lesson the teacher is trying to teach.

Students shouldn't start doing online video conferencing. Students should go to school and have physical interactions with other students and teachers with less distractions. Schools should step into another direction to make students want to go to school again. The Department of Education should act now to bring students to their facilities.