Is it a good idea to force students to participate in extracurricular activities? Extracurricular are set in place to allow students to expand on what they want for their future which should be optional. Being forced to do these could discourage students from what they want to be by having it forced upon them. Clubs and participating in yearbooks could help students make friends and build social skills. In my opinion extracurricular activities should be optional, expand more on student ideas and grades while also helping build social skills.

Extracurricular activities should not be mandatory by any means because they are made to be optional. If any student was forced to do any extracurricular activity it could make that topic boring for them. Having mandatory sports for example could make that teams hype lower. Having students that do not want to be on yearbook on yearbook might make it turn not as expected. Extracurricular activities can help build a students understanding of a topic that they are interested in.

These activities could count toward extra credit if needed for lower grades and help them improve. This could help them for later in life with college. Extra activities could make the student want to help other students in what they want to do. Activities like sports could help students make money in the future if they are good at them. Extracurricular activities could help students make friends if they choose to help other students.

Helping other students would be good at building teamwork for things like sports. Helping other students could make students better tutors. When students are better tutors they could possibly teach a younger generation as well. Social skills could help students apply for jobs and make themselves look better for better opportunities. Working with other people could help the student have a better understanding of what other people may be struggling with in a topic.

As explained extracurricular activities are nice thing to have for these reasons and my opinion is that they should be kept but not forced to be done. Activities are meant to be enjoyed not exploited by the higher staff of the school. Pushing students to do something could possibly be bad for their state of mind and personality. In the end do not make them do it but leave them as an option.