Luke is a boy signing up with his friend Don,here's some reason's why you should also sign up like Luke did himself. My first reason is you can help people while you travel like how Luke did when he went to europe to help people restock on supplies,food,and animals. You can also go because,while you're shipping animals across seas you can spend time with somepretty amazing animals. Another good one is you can go sightseeing while shipping or going on the land you shipped something to like how Luke did when he went to Europe. These are all great in my point of view because even its some hard work it can still be enjoyable because there is just so much to see like how I mentioned the animals before,and of course the sightslike ruins,structures,and much more. Another point of fun you could have while being a seagoing cowboy is after you shp the animals off of the boat or ship when the animals are gone it can clear up some room for you and any friends you may or may not have made. What I mean is after the animals are gone you can use the extra room for games,messing around,and even spending time with friends you may have made. THis is a good idea because even thogh its hard work and a little bit dangerous Luke stayed positive because of him stating "The cattle boat trps were an unbelievable opportunity for a small-town boy" meaning he enjoyed being a seagoing cowboy. Now even though its still fun to be a seagoing cowboy there is still dangers. The ocean is a pretty dangerous place so it'll still be a hard job especially when it comes to storms. If a serious storm hits while on a boat trip it could still be pretty devastating someone could get knocked off and go into the ocean,one of the animals could fall off,and someone cold slide and break something when they have a hard fall. Even though its still pretty dangerous and pretty hard work for someone it can still be enjoyable Im not going to say the same stuff I already said earlier so Im just going to say that depending on how it goes and how you act about it it will be enjoyable just wait and see.