Having an electoral college is a controversial topic. There are many different views on whether electoral college should be allowed or removed. Keeping the Electoral College does of couse have its benefits, but so does changing to elecction by popular vote. On a personal opinion, taking out Electoral College has more positives then negatives. When taking out Electoral College, citizens of this country actually have a say in the president they choose and it will become less complicated and less confusing for voters.

Removing Electoral College and replacing it with election by popular vote is greatly convenient. Citizens in the US right now do not have a say in the president they want to win. Instead of voting for the president they are actually voting for a "slate of electors" according to Source 2 by Bradford Plumer. Electoral College does not represent a democracy which is what this country is all about. This country gives the individuals a right to say and express themselves. When a 4 year term is over and it is time to vote again, the citizens are voting for a group of people, not the actual president. Then, those group of people called electors later vote for the president they would like. Even though in Source 3 is states " But each party selects a slate of electors truested to vote for the partys nominee (and that trust is barely betrayed) is is entirely possible for the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote." Meaning the electoral college can still vote for another president even if it not the party's nominee. It is the electors who choose the president not the people.

Furthermore, selecting president by popular votes contains more benefits. Many people become confused when it comes to voting. They do not fully understand the concept of the Electoral College and therefore make mistakes when it comes to voting. In source 2, it clearly states " Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? Sometimes." Thus meaning that people are not clear on the situation and end up making a mistake that may or may not have have changed the outcome of that election. Even though the college restores the politicaql balance between large and small states and has it's good sides to it, removing the Electoral college will be more bemeficial at the end of the day.

All in all, Electoral College should be removed and reoplaced. It will be better. Having people clear on who they vote for and actually having a say in who they want to win president will actually show this countries democratic views and will relieve probably a big chunk of Americas citizens.            