Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live in a world with not a lot of car usage? Imagine never driving but walking or ridding a bike to any place you would want to go to. The mall, grocery store, movies all a small walking distance away. That would be great right? You'd be helping yourself and the world by making you fit and the world's pollution decrees. That sound interesting I feel like the world is slowly coming to a stopping point with car use.

A world with cleaner air is what we would have if everyone limited the use of their cars. According to " In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal " Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the united states." The United States produces a greater amount of greenhouse gasses. If we limited the use of our cars the United States would have better air making the United States a better place to live. The United States has a very large number of people already pulling away from using cars. According to " The End of Car Culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal." Americans are buying fewer cars,driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." Cars are not needed for everyday use because people seem to get around greatly.

Limiting the use of you care can greatly help everyone. The United States has a very large amount of unhealthy people. People who don't get to walk or do fitness regularly to be able to stay healthy and fit. Having limited the use of your car it would as help you mentally. In the article "In Germany Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal Heidrun Walter a mother of two says " When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way." If a mother of two says that not using her car makes her happier. In the article "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota." by Andrew selsky a businessman said " It's a good way to take away stress and lower air pollution." So if you ask me the would would be better without using cars everyday it's a win win situation.

People all around the world are taking part in limiting the use of cars. People from Colombia to Pairs to Germany. People all over the word are all trying to help out the world by limiting the use of cars. In the article " Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selsky the author talks about how everyone took a "car free" This was Bogota's third straight year of no car day the only cars that were allowed to be on the road were those of busies or taxis. The violators that drove their car are faced with a fine of $25. In the text of "The end of car culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal. She says that the worlds car culture is slowly coming to a end fewer people are getting their licenses and more are organizing their social lives and summer jobs around where they could was or take a buss to.

The world is on a better path with people trying to limit the use of their cars. The world gets better and so do you. In the articel "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota " by Andrew Selsky says that the business in the small town have also boomed " Parks and sports centers also have boomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restraints and up scale shopping districts have cropped up." So if everyone limited the use of their cars the everyone would win. So what comes now that the world is limiting the use of cars?    