To: Our school Principal

Dear school Principal I do not think that changing the school policy so that students may only participate in sports or other school activities if they have a grade B average is good. I do not like this because our school's star flag football player might have a C grade average but our school has a reputation for a winning football team, so if he can't play on Saturday then we will loose and our reputation will go down. Also i think that we should change the policy to a grade C average because a C is a passing grade and it shows that the student is trying and not slacking. But if the student is getting a D then it shows that the student does not care and therefore should not be allowed to participate in any school activities until the students grade is raised to at least a C grade average. If you change the school policy to a B average then some students will get mad because they can't participate in school activities and there will be many complaints from both parents and students. For example the star football players father or mother might complain about his son with a C grade average not being able to play in the game this Saturday, and therefore he might pull his son out to another school and our school will loose it's reputation and cause many more problems like these. But if you decide not to change the school policy then many students will be happy and there will be no problems and it would be a win win situation and everybody will be happy.

There are many more reasons why it might be a bad idea to change the school policy, like if many students in the school are getting a below B average then if the school has a major event like a Bazaar then many students will not show up and won't be able to fundraise money for the school and the school won't get good publicity. Also maybe there are collage scouts coming to this Saturday's football game and want to watch our winning team and our star player so maybe he could get a scholarship but he won't be able to because he has a C grade average and not a B. If that were to happen and he did play in the game and got a scholarship it would be good publicity for the school.

These are only some of the many reasons why the students here believe that we should not change the school policy to a B grade average, because it would cause too many problems and we might loose good publicity and a good reputation. So we ask please do not change the school policy.

Sincerely, Your students