Dear Principal,

I understand that you are trying to decide whether or not to require all students to perform community service. I would have to side with,

I do think that you should require all students to do community service, because community service is very important, it helps others, and you get a great feeling after you have done service.

First of all, community service is very important. It is a chance for people who live in a community to show that they care for their environment and each other as well. There are lots of ways to provide community service. Whether it being, you babysit for a neighbor, or plant new flowers, or mow a neighbors lawn.

It shows that you care and that you are willing to help so that you can live in a happy community.

Next, community service helps others.

For example if you mow and elderly persons yard, maybe that person can no longer do the job themselves because of an injury or problem that they might have. So it is very nice to help that person whether they know it was you or not. When you do community service, you should not expect anything in return. That is why it is called service. While you do service you should have a good attitude and put your best foot forward.

Lastly, after you have done community service you will feel great. You will know that you have done good and have helped some one or done something for the community.

If you decide to require all of the students to do community service it could improve their attitudes, because they are happy about what they have done. Service can be small things or big things, but it still counts. If you are happy, have made some one else happy, or have done something to clean up the environment, then you have done service.

In conclusion,

I do think that you should require all students to do community service, because community service is very important, it helps others, and you get a great feeling after you have done service. It could help with the attitude of students. And will make students happy and after they do it they will know what it feels like and will probably want to do it again.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME         