Venus is very hostile and would be very hard to live on. its the hottest planet in the solar system and ita atmosphere is 92 times stronger than Earths. Living on the surface of Venus would be impossible but like the author states, living 30 miles abpve the surface might not be so bad. It would e the only option if we want to live on Venus but theres a pretty good chance it could work.

One thing the author does very well is that the author does a good job of supporting the the idea of studying Venus even though its a very dangerous planet. He stronlgy suggest to study Venus ans eventually get us to live there. Paragraph 4 says "If our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface? Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." This shows that even though Venus is very dangerous, scientists still love Venus and really want to learn more to eventually getting to live there above the clouds. And it proves that the author of the article was right about pushing to study Venus becasue thats exactly what the scientists think.

Another way the author does a good idea of supporting how Venus should be studied more is by explaining how NASA wants to send people to Venus to study it more and to continure to learn about Venus. Paragraph 5 says "(NASA) has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study Venus. NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape.......At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. Solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth zlevels. Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." The author proves how humans could stay on venus to learn more about it and study it way more. The author proves that living abouve the surface and clouds would be way easier for humans to do because the surface is too harsh.

In conclusion, the author did a very good job of supporting the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. Sure Venus is a very harsh and hostile world, but that is mostly on the surface where the harshest conditions are. Its way safer above the clouds and that is where humans could study Venus more.