It's good idea to receive distance learning? Well some school offer distance learning as an option for student to attend classes from home. This learning way could have many benefit for student that need distance learning. Also distance learning help student get involved in school, because occasionally the school is giving chance and the opportunity to student to learning. By that way there is not excuse to not learnig or not go to school, you can get your diploma ease.

Distance learning give the option for estudent to get their credit to graduate, particularly for student that are in high grade but they don't have enough credit to graduate. In this case the school give them the option to take distance learning. This is a great opportunity for student that need graduate soon. One example of this is Woodbridge senior high school. Woodbridge senior high school is giving the opportunity to student who need graduate this year, but they don't have enough credit to graduate. Then student are taking distance learnig. Some people must be asking theirself how this is possible, well there are two main way; online or video conferencing. By the way online and video conferencing the student must be have internet access at home. Maybe this can affect the student that dosen't have internet access at home, for those case the school have another options for them.

This two main way are support it by the school, then student dosen't need to pay any charge for their learning. Distance learning can help student finantially because they are taking classes at their, house that means they don't need to go out and spend their money in food or trasnportation.

In conclution distance learning is a very good idea to help student get their credit to graduate as soon is possible and it have many benefit: Finantially, learning, and facility. This way estudent can get their learning and all that they need to get their diploma.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                