HOW PEOPLES ADVICE COULD HELP YOU

When most people ask for advice, they usually go to one person that they trust. Maybe that person is a good listener. Maybe that person can interpret what the person is saying. But I think that it is okay to ask multiple people for advice. Most people don't do that, but I am her today to talk about why it is good to ask many people for advice, and what kind of impact it will have on your life.

The first topic I will talk about is how asking many people for advice can give you s bunch of ideas to choose from. If your the type of person that likes to go to one person for advice, I encourage you to go to multiple people for advice, because it can give you a list of ideas to choose from. Meaning if a person gives you advice, but another person gives you really good advice, it would be harder to choose from, because your asking different people, with different opinions towards things.

The next topic I will talk about is you may like other peoples opinions more than others. For instance, lets say that you go to Person A for advice on how to make friends fast. You liked person As advice towards making friends fast. Then, you go to person B for advice to make friends fast. you like person BS opinion more than person As opinion. You decide to go with person BS opinion because you went outside your comfort zone and asked multiple people for advice. then you will have a bunch of ideas of where you want to go with things.

The next topic I will talk about is you may run into someone that you think has the advice your looking for. Their will be many people in the world that will give you negative, and bad advice, but eventually you will run into that ONE person that will have the advice that you are looking for. If you go to the same person for advice every time, you could get tired of what their saying. So you could go to others for advice, because they will have a whole new piece of advice they could give you. It's like a whole new world that your entering. Different people will give you a whole new piece of advice you could use.

The next topic I will talk about is how you can make good decisions by asking multiple people.

If there is somebody that gives you advice that you know your going to get in trouble by using, ask someone else for advice. Ignore the feedback of the person you asked for advice, and go to someone else. Make a wiser decisions by not listening to the bad person. For instance, lets say you really need advice on how to impress this new girl that goes to your school. You think, but you just can't think of anything. You then go to your friend Generic_Name for some gully advice. He then tells you to go to the front of the classroom, and dance while starring right at her. You then get a 3 day suspension all because you chose to follow the advice that was going to get in trouble. Instead, you could have gone to person B for advice. Maybe person B would have gave you some really good advice on how to impress that really hot girl at your school.

I think that everyone should go to multiple people for advice, because it helps them come up with multiple decisions, and it helps you with better decisions from other people. If you havent asked many people for advice, you will after reading my essay.                                                       