When people ask for advice, they sometimes ask multiple people.

I think that asking multiple people for advice and getting more of it is better than just asking one person and only getting one piece of advice.

I would want multiple peoples advice rather than just one persons.

When you ask for advice, you should ask multiple people because you'd get more out of it, you could get support on what you originally thought or you could see another view on the topic, and you would learn to talk better.

I think that you would get more advice from multiple people than just one person because you probably will.

You would get more advice if you asked multiple people instead of just one person.

It might not be the right advice, but it would be advice.

Say that you needed advice on what shoes to wear to a wedding.

You can ask somebody and they could say athletic shoes. Then you would be wearing athletic shoes to a wedding, that would not be very good.

Or you could ask multiple people, and they all say that you should wear nice shoes.

And now that more people have told you to wear nice shoes rather than athletic shoes, you will most likely pick the nice shoes.

Another reason on why I think multiple peoples advice is better than one persons is because you could get support on your answer or you could see another view on the topic.

You coulld get support on it because they could have the same advice as you originally thought about, or you could see another view because they could have a different side on it so they could give you a different piece of advice on the topic.

I think that that would help you a lot to either boost your confidence by somebody supporting you or switch your view and see other ways.

I think that you would learn to talk better because you would be talking a lot more to different types of people.

Different types of people could be different ages, different beliefs, or different genders.

I think that you would learn to talk a lot better from that because your talking to a lot of people and you are talking to different groups of people which would make you a better talker.

And you would need that because you would be talking to people for advice, so you need to be a good talker to get to them with what you are tring to say.

I think that doing all of those things would help you with getting more advice because you would be seeing more people instead of one person.

And that would help you a lot if you needed it.

When you ask for advice, you should ask multiple people because you'd get more out of it, you could get supported or you could see another view on it, and you would learn to talk to different types of people better.