Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Our School has changed a lot over the years, now we have better technology and different projects that we do in class. Yet my main concern to you is Cell Phones. I strongly agree that Policy 1 is most certainly the best choice; Allow students to bring phones to school and use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as the phones are turned off during class time. The reasons why is simply because if you tell them otherwise to not bring them at all, they still will. Also parents will complain if there child does not have there cell phone with them at all times. Yet if you allow the students to have their cell phones with them but turned off during class is the perfect policy. Then as the Policy states they can have them during their own time, like during lunch and breaks.

You may be thinking that this is not a good idea, but it really is a very great policy. Even though cell phones are a major distraction when it comes to education. It is a force of habit that if you own a cell phone you will most likely always have it in your pocket or your bag. I do recommend that if a student is caught with a cell phone that they take it away from the student and give it back to the owner at the end of the day. But if you band having cell phones like in policy 2 the student body will get very offended and not even obey that policy.

Another reason why i say Policy 1 is the way to go is because if any emergency's where to happen the child would have their phone to get notified by. Even though the School does this with their own phone system it is still important because, if a problem came up with one of their Aunts or other close family members the School Board would have no clue.

As well as if a child needs to say after they have a fast way to notify their parents or gardenias. Or if they needed to take a bus home or go with another parent or friend to reach home after school they would have a fast way to notify their parents or gardenias, and lastly if they got locked out of their house after coming home from School they would have a cell phone with them to notify their parents or gardenias. So i strongly agree that Policy 1 is the one you should choose, so i hope that you do!

Your fellow student,

STUDENT_NAME                  