The Importance of Seeking Multiple Opinions

Nobody is perfect; we are human, after all.

Advice is one of the many things that we as people rely on to make good decisions.

However, sometimes getting a second opinion just isn't enough to solve the problem.

Larger issues and bigger decisions require more than just one supporting opinion, and that's why many people get advice from a large group.

This can help to gather more information, helps get a broader view on the situation, and allows you to build an open mind.

Getting advice from several people allows for you to gather more information.

For instance, if you had to pick a high school to go to, then asking advice from several people could allow you to find out even more about the school.

Obviously you would have to get advice from people who happen to know about said subject, but finding people who have a lot of knowledge on a subject could be very helpful, as it would allow you to gain more knowledge on the topic.

In the long run, having more information will simply inform you more on your decisions.

While knowledge is important to making a decision, it's also important to play devil's advocate-essentially putting yourself in someone else's shoes.

It's very important to get opinions from both sides of the arguement.

For instance, say you are trying to decide if you'll vote for Donald Trump in November.

Try to get opinions from people who support Trump, people who don't support Trump, and people in the middle who might go either way.

This allows for you to have a broad knowledge of the subject, and see both the good and the bad-which will only help you make this big decision.

Listening to the opinions of both sides of the arguement, combined with deep knowledge of an issue/topic, will help to have an open mind.

Having an open mind is always important to making decisions, because it leaves you open to try new options, or explore new routes while doing something.

Being open to every opinion and genuinely listening is the best way to form your own opinion, and that is the key to making any important decision.

Having an open mind can help you in other ways, too-you could try out new things and discover something new that you enjoy, or you might find something that you deeply loathe.

Having tried out both things though, you can actually form a solid, original opinion on the subject,

That's all there is to it.

Advice from one person will only shape your opinion to be similar or just like their's; listening to several differing opinions, whether you disagree or not, is the only way you can truly build your opinion without it being a general clone of someone else's.

Listening leads to knowledge, knowledge leads to understanding, and understanding leads to an open mind.

In the end, advice from several people is an important part of life that we can credit with our success.

SCP-2317