Dear Principal,

I think students should be required to perform community service. Students who do community service would be helping our community be safe and clean. Being a part of community service will be helping our community be safe by reducing crimes and protecting our neighborhood. There are many ways students can get active about our community. When students help out they are making the community a much more better place to live in.

Students should be involved with community service because it's a good way to get to know our community and a good chance to keep it safe and clean. Keeping our community safe and clean can be much use to our community. Many students can do many things to help keep our community safe and clean. You can do so by recycling, planting trees and flowers, helping out the elders and doing anything else that would make our community much more better. These are some ways students can participate in community service.

Recycling used things can reduce less trash. When you reduce your trash you're helping the environment and it can also reduce global warming. Helping out our community can also mean helping out our environment. You can also replant things that will help our community become more beautiful. These are some ways to shape our community and make it better by doing community service.

Helping out by tutoring elementary students can maybe bring up test scores and help them have a better understanding of what they are learning. Some elementary school students need as much help as they can get. By helping them out you're making sure they'll do better in the future and become successful. Another way to help out in community service is cleaning up litter. Cleaning up litter helps make the community a cleaner place to live in and it'll help make it a more beautiful place.

Some more ways to get involved with community service is to help out in a nursing home. Many elders need help with many every day things that we can do easily. Helping out elders is very generous. Students who get active in community service is very nice because they are just one step away from helping out the world. Everything you do in your community can influence other people to help out in their own community and sooner or later you might influence the world to reshape itself and become a more better place to live.

These are many reasons why I think students should be active in community service. We're not only helping out our own community but helping out the entire world. We can recycle what we use to help fight global warming and we can also plant things to make our world a more beautiful and better place to live. So I think you should make community service a must do for all students.

Sincerely,

Concerned Student.