In our lives, we are faced with many decisions and challenges. They can be great or small, insignificant or life changing. Most people, when faced with a difficult choice, ask trusted friends and family what they would do in the situation. This feedback, or advice, is often a helpful response that will guide one to reaching the answer to their decision or challenge. Some people only ask one person for advice, while others ask many. When getting advice, getting multiple opinions is best before making a decision because you can hear different perspectives and viewpoints, you can eliminate bad advice in your final answer, and you can reach a popular conclusion.

First, when you get multiple opinions before making a decision, you can hear different viewpoints and perspectives. You can listen to the past experiences of others and learn from what they did. In many cases, a person you ask may have been put in the same situation as you. They may have made a choice that they thought was right initially, but realized it was not right in retrospect. They have the power to persuade you from repeating their mistake and help you learn from the past. You can also see the impact the decision has made on multiple people and choose which one you want to end up like.

Next, you can eliminate bad advice in your answer when asking for multiple opinions. Bad advice means getting advice that is obviously a wrong choice. It is usually given because the person giving it thinks that it is funny and is joking around, or is just being mean. Sometimes, though, one cannot tell if the advice is good or bad. Asking another person will help clear up the misunderstanding and filter the advice out. If I asked a friend if I should wear a green sweater or a blue sweater, and she said green sweater because she knew I would look bad in it, I could ask another friend if I was still unsure. If the other friend said the blue sweater and gave valid reasons, I would choose the blue sweater and know that the friend who gave the bad advice was trying to joke around or just be mean.

Finally, getting multiple opinions will give you an answer majority of the people you asked responded with. That popular answer is often what most people's final decision. Majority answers are helpful because you know multiple people believe that is the right choice. Also, by picking the popular response, you can satisfy the most people. For example, if I had a birthday celebration and I was torn on whether to order chocolate cake or vanilla cake, I could ask the people attending the party which they preferred. If 6 of the people said they wanted vanilla and the other 4 people said they wanted chocolate, I would go with the vanilla cake because it would leave the majority of my party goers satisfied.

In conclusion, asking for multiple opinions when making a decision is best because it allows you to hear varying perspectives, filter out bad advice, and get a popular majority opinion. Getting advice from those you trust is important because if gives them insight into your life and what you are going through. They can directly impact your life by giving advice. The process is the same when you give advice, so remember that your answer can impact him or her, no matter how small or monumental the challenge is. Always give a genuine and kind answer so they can make the best choice. 