Driveless cars can be very dangerous. The reasoning to make these cars is kind of crazy to think about, waking up in the morning knowing that you don't have to drive all the way to work. Sounds pretty good right? But there are some downsides that come in to affect when concerding getting one such as the accidents they could cause, the money it takes to make, fix and to buy, and the history of drivless cars such as what companies that made them so far and if they have been sucsesfull or not.

One of the main reasons that driveless cares shouldn't be made anymore is the risk of accidents. That is where the technology kicks into play like passage 4 states "Without the option of smarter roads, manufacturers turned to smarter cars, but how much smarter did the cars need to be?" This is th first question that comes to mind when thinking about these cars. Is there a way that these cars become to smart on thier own which causes accidents to occour such as the car taking over the sterring from the driver or when it is driving its self is it going to know when to brake or not.

The biggest reason why drivless cars should not be made is the money. This car could not be afforable in our world today with all the upgrades and new technology. Plus it would be way more money to get a "smart car" fixed then it would be to buy one, but the big factor of the money issue would be making them and how much it would be to put all that technology and software in to the cars and all the body work and sensors it would just be way to much money for the ordinarary man to afford.

Last but one of the key factors into why this "driveless" car should not be made anymore is the history of these vichles. Passage 3 states it best "Many futurists believed the key to developing self-driving cars someday wasn't so much smarter cars as smarter roads." This is why when manufacturers of Google who made the first smart car said that it would be nearly impossible to make anymore smart cars unless there is something done to the roads.

All of these reasons are just a few of why the production of these driveless smart cars should stop. They would not help us in the world as much as they think they would.                  