Every year from 6th grade to 12th grade year students have to do a summer project and turn it in to their teachers in their next upcoming school year. Due to al the mixed feelings about the project there's been a debate about whether it should be student-designed or teacher-designed. Summer projects should be designed by teachers because the teachers will ensure the student will learn and grow and they'll set the proper criterias for it.

Teachers know what students need to learn and usually what they will be learning in their next school year. With this knowledge teachers can determine how the projects should be structured to help benifit the students and make them grow. For example a summer reading project, a project made by a teacher where the students have to choose a book that's on the reading level that they should be at and do a report on it. The way this project is structured helps students learn and grow by keeping them reading making them grow stronger in it which can help them in the future with work,writing,etc.

If somebody wants to learn something they need certain criterias to help them actually learn. A person can't learn something from something they already learned and know. The same thing can be applied to summer projects a student can't learn something new from something easy and that they already know. They need certain criterias, restrictions, rules on stuff to ensure they will learn. Teachers can ensure that the students will grow and continue on learning by putting the correct criterias. For example the summer reading project again where students have to choose a book in their reading level and do a report. If the teacher didn't put the rule of choosing a book in their reading level a student could have chose a very easy book and not really learn anything from it because it's not challenging for the student and something too easy to learn from. Therefor having teachers designing the projects ensures they will put the right rules down to make sure the students is learning. Not all students will do something like that but having a teacher makes it easier and more trusting to know they will keep learning over the summer.

Some people think students should design it because it would be a lot more funner for them, get them more engaged, and make them a lot more enthusiastic about it when given the chance to design it. It's good to have the students enthusiastic and engaged but it's not ensured whether they will learn something or not. The chance of a student designing a project that won't help them learn much is not beneficial and defeats the purpose of the summer projects. It's a teachers's job to make sure that students are learning so they will do their job and make sure they are. It's better to know for sure the students will learn with the teachers designing it rather than to not be sure with the students designing it.

Teachers are way more educated that students are. So they can make the best projects that can benefit the students the most compared to the students designing it. They know what to do, what to look for, and what's best for school. They are more trained,equiped, and have more knowledge to do it. So teachers should be designing summer projects not students.