The Benefits of Extracurricular Activities

A normal student's day consists of sitting in a classroom chair, writing, and stairing at a board. Students don't really do much after school except sit down even more, or just continue to write and do other homework. They need to do more than just sit around and write. After school activities could really stop students from being so lazy. Principals can change school rules and have students do other extracurricular activities. I would agree to this decision to make students participate in atleast one extracurricular activity, because they can teach students to be more social, build problem solving skills, and provide more physical activity.

These activities could teach the students to be more social, and to open up to more than just their phones. These social skills that they would bulid over time, will become a huge necessity in their future. When they are adults the are meet new people and be around new people, so they need to know how to handle that. Their chances of finding a job would be lower. Social skills could even build problem sovling skills, which also become important as they get older.

Problem solving skills are very important. Activities like clubs after or before school can really help with this. In their future they're going to need to know how to solve more than just a math problem. When the students become adults, and they're in a bad situation, they're not always going to be able to run back to their parents and ask them what they should do, they need to learn to solve promblems themselves. Being both mentally and physically fit can help solve problems.

Physical activity is very important aswell. Sports are by far the best way to maintain physical fitness. Although clubs can get a couple more steps, sports are still better when trying to become fit. When a student is fit, there is so much more they can do. It's overall just healthier.

Extracurricular activities have such a positive impact on students. Students who start participating in these activites can go from being lazy and not wanting to got to school, to being physically and mentally fit, and wanting to go to school so they can continue to participate in their activity. I agree with having every student participate in after school activities. In conclusion, extracurricular activities can increase students' social strength, problem solving ability, and physical fitness.