Mark Cuban, owner of the Dallas Mavericks and successful business man says that the human mind will never fully invest into something that is not in their full interest. Summer time is a period in a kids life that they always look up to, a time to interact and have fun with your peers while getting off the long school hours. All students and even adults need time off to rejuvenate their mind, but given to much time off can effect their learning capacity causing the mind to forget skills. Which is why many students receive a project to complete over the summer. While many may believe that these projects should be directed by teachers, students enjoying what their doing, the feel of it not being a school related assignment like homework, and being able to choose something they may desire to pursue later on in life, shows that giving a self-designed project is more beneficial for the summer time.

Success and enjoyment go hand and hand, one doesn't come without the other. In order to reach goals, having fun has to be along the way, when stressed out and tense the performance will never be at or even near its maximum potential. When having resentment while doing something, the human body tends to be more engaged and wanting to interact with it more often. When asking an elderly couple what has made there relationship so strong they will all say it has been healthy because the sense of resentment while with each other. When someone is engaged into what their doing the results are going to be tremendously better than trying to complete anything that bores a person. All the greats in any profession are all in love with the game and their craft. For example, the late great Kobe Bryant was so famous for his incredible work ethic, and when asked about it he always answered that it was for the love of the game. The more people that invest themselves into something they have passion for the better the results are going to be in the long run. While enjoying what your doing the possibilities are endless!

Homework is a dreadful thought for many students across the nation, and when summer time comes students are ecstatic that they will not have to complete assigned tasks, unless they do. Having teachers give out mandatory topics for a summer project doesn't give the students time to be kids and explore their mind. Just like homework students will try to do the bare minimum and slide by in til the next assignment. If given a chance to really express their mind with something that interest them, teachers may learn ways to get their mind churning during the school year, helping fire that young smart brain. The body and mind are extremely similar in many ways. Just like the body when given some time off and or even switching up daily routines like, using different muscle groups by playing different sports helps prevent burning out and keeping your body healthy. Giving students time to do something self-directed where they can come up with their own ideas helps them continue learning during break while not putting stress on themselves. Summer is supposed to be a memorable time as a child, but giving written up tasks will prevent kids from having a fun and free minded summer.

Time flies and before anyone knows it people who were just in high school are applying for real life jobs. The way I look at it is high school is the red zone in football, twenty yards away from the touchdown and having four downs to get to the ten yard line. Which now represents college another four downs to get to the end zone, the real world. It's so close but nobody acknowledges it; Why not start early, giving students a chance to choose their own project it may jump start his or her mind and help the student figure out what they may or may not want to do. Giving the students an opportunity to express their own thoughts could start them down the path of their later on career. For example, my father early on in his high school days had trouble in school. From being in the learning disabled classes many would think he would never make it in the real world. It all flipped as a teenager when he decided to do the the paper route every morning. When he first started he hated it, but he then noticed what it was teaching him about himself. He noticed that he was extremely good at communicating and making connections with others. His childhood job later influenced his place in the real world and helped him find his path. If given the chance to be free, and open up their minds students can find and pursue in something that may help them later on in life.

During summer break it's essential to keep your brain churning while also being a kid. A self-designed summer project would be a great way to give your brain a change while enjoying your time off school. Many people believe that teachers could assign the summer projects so we would know the baselines, but students will never be as engaged and not be able to explore their minds. Sit back and watch the powerful creativity of a free young mind go to work.