What makes all students successful? This question can have many answers, and one of the most common answers could be that participating in at least one extracurricular activity will do the trick. It is strongly agreed upon that having all students participate in at least one extracurricular activity is a wise decision.

Participating in an extracurricular activity can aid in the development of a well rounded student. Students are fairly busy people, and while most try their best in school, many are still unaware of the things that they are capable of. Whether it be learning how to play an instrument or being on the student council, there are many things that students could participate in to develop a deeper understanding of the world around them. For example, learning a new skill like being able to play the violin can teach students about the fine motor skills that are required in order to play it. This new skill can open their minds to their possibilities and contribute to the identity of a student and who they are as a person. In addition, it can give a student knowledge in which they can enable later on in the future.

Doing an activity outside of school can teach a student time management skills. When students have to spend time on work outside of school, they will learn how to use their time wisely. When they grow up to be adults, it will be easier for them to balance their social life with their work, and this will lead to successful work habits. Too many students these days are not managing their time well, and this leads to a decreased amount of sleep and poor performance. Learning these time management skills can change this, and instead result in healthy habits and better performance.

Extracurricular activities can help students release stress. As students get older, they will have more responsibilities. This can lead to stress, and a large number of students don't know how they can handle it. Requiring that each student participate in at least one extracurricular activity can help get their mind off of the stressful factors in their lives. For example, playing a sport can give a student something productive to do when they need to release their stress. At such a young age, it is important to develop students who are responsible, yet balanced.

From these three reasons, it is clear how requiring that all students participate in an extracurricular activity is a wise decision. While it is understood that extracurricular activities can pull time out of a student's daily life, it is more important to consider how much time they need instead of how much time they want

. In summary, requiring that each student participate in at least one extracurricular activity is a smart decision because it will develop a well rounded student, teach time management skills, and help students release their stress. If you want to be ensured these results for the present and the future, I urge you to support the participation of all Generic_School students in at least one extracurricular activity. 