Their are so many things you can do to help keep the envierment safe to live in. Some countys world wide have already started taking these procations to protect the earth. The thing these countries have decided to change in their everyday life is to take cars away or start limiting the use of them. Now this might sound like a big deal but their are many advantages to this appeal of motor use.

Some advantages of cars being limited or just not used at all, would mean we would be saving more money. Just think about all the money you throw away to put it towards your car. Their are bills, repairs, new car if you get into a bad acident, ect. The list just goes on and on. Their could be so much more you could spend your money on and it could make are economy richer.

In source 3: car-free day is sprinning into a big hit in Bogota by Andrew Selsky it states that " In Bogota people who violated the car usage would be faced witha fine of $25". This is another way of showing you how much money you are wasting on your car.

Another advantage to not owning or using a car would be the pollution levels in the earths atmosphere would go down. In sourse 2:paris bans driving due to smog by Robert Duffer it states that "after days of near-record pollution, paris enforced a parital driving ban to clean the air of the global city". Now the people of the world should have never let pollutin get this bad. The french more of paris had smog (a type of pollution) for at least a week. In sourece 4: the end of the car culture by Elizabeth Rosenthal it states that "As of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was on January 1995". So the cars limitations is actually helping lower the number of miles which means the pollution rate is also going down.

Their are many advantages to not using or at least limiting the use of a car. such as reducing the money that is spent on one which wouls help the economy out. Also reducing the the polluction that cars produce. These are just some of the small advantages that come with the reduction and limitations of cars in the world we live in today.                                  