New technology is being made all around the world, that is changing society as we know it. One example of this technology is called Facial Action Coding System. Many people are wondering if the world should put something like this in schools so teachers can read students emotions. I think we should give this technology to teachers because this could help prevent casualties, and even the lack of school work students will do.

One reason I think the Facial Action Coding System should be in schools is because it could prevent casualties at home or at school such as school shootings and suicides. This technology could help prevent these casualties by letting the teacher know if a student is happy or upset. this meaning if a student is upset a teacher could get the student help or even help the student themselves by talking to them on why they are upset. For example students all around are getting bullied and not letting other people know how they feel or let them know they are getting bullied, so these students leave school being upset and they go home a commit suicide thinking they aren't important and thinking nobody wanted to help them. Therefore if teachers had this new technology I think teacher would be able to prevent this from happening by seeing how the student feels and therefore the teacher can talk to them and hear about what is happening. This will also make the students that do get upset feel like there are people out there that want to help them and that notice them.

Another reason why the Facial Action Coding System should be in schools is because the lack of school work being done because students are upset. This technology could help teachers get students to do their work or to even study, by letting the teacher know if the student is having a bad day. I think this will help because if a student is having a bad day then they won't want to do work because they are upset and just most people don't want to do work when they're upset, so if teachers had this technology I think they could talk to the students and try and get them in a better mood for themto do their work. Another reason why teachers should ge this because if a student is upset and they want to do their work, their work isn't going to beas good as if they were happy, and all teachers like to see their students with the best work.

There is new technology being made all around the world, that is changing society as we know it such as the Facial Action Coding system. This is why i think this technology should be put into schools.                 