Most countries around the world share the same global problem; air pollution.  Cities like in Germany, France, and America suffer with air pollution.  All this smog comes from the cars people drive on a daily basis.  But now, people have decided to make a change to that.  All around the world, cities have been banning the use of cars or just taking a day off from them.  Doing this has made a huge change to how these people treat their air.

In

Source: 1

, it explains a new suburban lifestyle the residents had adapted to.  Most of them have been giving up their cars for good.  In Vauban, Germany, it is generally forbidden to have any driveways or home garages.  Owning a car is still allowed, but the only places to park them would be large and expensive garage spaces. As a result, about 70 percent of families in Vauban do not own cars and 57 percent sold a car to move there.  This experiment, completed in 2006, became a growing trend in Europe, the United States and other countries.  This movement was called "

smart planning

".  In the U.S., the Environmental Protection Agency is promoting "

car reduced

" communities.  Many experts expect public transport to be serving the suburbs a much larger role in the new transportaion bill to be approved.

In the cities of Paris, a partial driving ban has been enforced to try and clear up the polluted air of the global city.  Cars with even-numbered plates were ordered to be left at home or owners would have to pay a 22-euro fine ($31).  The next day, odd-numbered plates would be applyed the same way.  By this time almost 4,000 drivers were fined.  After five days of intense smog from congestion, the smog rivaled Beijing, China, which is known to be the most polluted cities in the world.  In France, deisel fuel was to blame. Deisels make up 67 percent of the vehicles in France, as stated in

Source: 2 paragraph 16

.

An event that was set to spread to other countries lead to Colombians hiking, biking, taking buses or walking.  In Bogota, Columbia, the

Day Without Cars has been set to promote alternative transportation.  It was the third straight year of this event in the city of 7 million.  Violaters of this day had to face a $25 fine.  Referring to

Source: 2, paragraph 27

, this improvement campaign started in Bogota in the mid-1900s.  Now, park and sports centers have been built and newer, smoother sidewalks have been created to influence this movement.

Places all around the world are joining this revolutionary movement so save the planet. More and more cities are reducing the use of vehicles to decrease the amount of smog and other air pollutants so the air that we share cannot be contaminated.    