Driveless cars have become more of a reallity, in the past fifteen years, rather than a cool idea in a science fiction movie. I am for the continuation of research and developement of driveless cars, pushing towards the future of transportation! According to the article "Driveless Cars Are coming," Google cofounder Sergy Brin, forsees cars that will use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus. I believe driveless cars are the perfect, and realistic sollution for a cleaner and safer vehicle.

The concept of driveless cars has been around for more than fifty years, according to the article "Driveless Cars Are coming," in paragraph 3, General motors tried the concept of smarter roads in the late 1950's. According to the article "Driveless Cars Are coming," in paragraph 5, "In the 1980's automakers used speed sensors tot the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes". Also according to the text "Further improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks of their own." Recently in 2009 Google developed cars that have driven more than half a million miles without a crash!, according to the first paragraph. We live in a society that revolves around computers, and the advancement of technology. Driveless cars realistically seems like the next step for our quickly advancing world.

Driveless cars are safer, using GPS recievers, internal motion sensors, among other cool scientific advancements, making it necessary for the driveless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. This allows for a much more personal, and safer driving experience. According to paragraph 7, "Manufactures are also considering using cameras to watch that the drivers are remaining focused on the road. While the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver." This allows for a safer drive, preventing accidents, and improving a drivers skills. The driveless cars would have antilock breaks, allowing for a far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone.

Driveless cars seem like the the perfect, and realistic sollution for a cleaner and safer vehicle. Our society will be forever changed by this advancement in technology of vehicles! I believe driveless cars are a great idea, that more people should be open to. Let the future of driving begin, with driveless cars!