A long time ago when I was a new student at Generic_School in 7th grade I joined a engineering club and at the beginning I was scared to meet new people, but then I met Generic_Name and he introduced me to all of his friends and we all had a lot in common. Studies has proven that kids that do an extracurricular activity are less likely to be depressed in the future than kids that do not do an extracurricular activity. Studies has also proven that kids that take an extracurricular activity thrive more in school then kids that do not take an extracurricular activity.

Do you agree or disagree that all students must take an extracurricular activity? I agree that all kids that attend the school must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students will get healthier, they also might find a talent or a passion, and they will most likely meet new friends.

First, students will get healthier by doing fun activities and by joining clubs. Another reason why kids get healthier is by doing outdoor activities that gives them Vitamin D. An example of a student getting healthier through extracurricular activities is Generic_Name burning 15 LBS by joining the workout club. Another example of a person getting healthier through fun activities is Generic_Name burning 12,000 calories in just 1 week from joining the tennis team. Therefore, making kids do a fun activity or join a club will make them healthier.

Then, students can find a talent or a passion through extracurricular activities by trying out new sports and joining clubs. An example of a student finding a talent or a passion through extracurricular activities is Generic_Name finding out his new passion was art when he joined the art club. Studies have shown in 2019 that 35% of students that joined a club found a new passion. Another example of a student finding a talent or passion was Generic_Name finding out he was really good at typing when he joined the typing club. Just from extracurricular activities a student could get a new skill or a new passion.

Lastly, students will meet new friends through extracurricular activities by trying out new sports or by joining clubs. An example of a student that found a new friend or a staff member through extracurricular activities was Generic_Name finding his new friend Generic_Name through the gaming club. Another example of a student that found a new friend through extracurricular activities was Generic_Name finding her new best friend Generic_Name. Students that meet new friends through fun activities or clubs will have a less chance of having depression in the future. Therefore, just from making a new friend through a club it can change your future completely.

In Conclusion, you will get healthier, find a talent and passion/ favorite activity, and meet new friends if you join a club or take an extracurricular activity. If we can change the children's lives now from extracurricular activities then in the future they will succeed. Just from joining an engineering club it can change your life into a million different ways. Finally, extracurricular activities can change the whole world.