Venus would be one of the greatest accomplishments to ever happen in human kind if we ever go to visit. The author who made the passage called " The Challenge of Exploring Venus' Is a very smart person. The author used many good points to prove that although Venus has a lot of dangers and is not the safest enviroment there is still some posibility that it might be the most convinient place to go.

The author made it very clear that Venus has a lot of flaws and that it is dangerous but the author alos listed many posibilities that helped prove his or her point. In the passage it also even gives the possibility that Venus was actually just like earth. In paragrapgh 4 of the text it says " Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like Planet in our solar system. Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." This Explains how Venus actually has a chance to be visited and have potential of actually giving something productive if people go there and explore. As I said before the author knows that Venus is not the safest place. The author I think is just trying to give the Idea to the scientist that they need to find the technology or a way to overcome those obstacles so they cann visit and actually find something productive.

Speaking about finding something productive the author gives some pretty good points about that as well in paragraph 6. He talks about how even though is good that we can see Venus from above, It is not good enough. In the text it talks a lot about how Ineffective all the information they have so far is. In this text it says " More importantly, reasearchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance." This basically says if humans somehow get to Venus there is a higher chance that they can have rock samples, gas , or even photogaphy, or videography.

Also the most important thing the author explains in my oppinion is that us humans want to fufill our questions. In this text it talks a lot about all the accomplishments humans can have if we somehow make a huge step foward and find a way to get to Venus. The reason why is because us as humans we have the curiosity to find out what is out there. This world was based on curiosity thats why we have all the things we have because people asked questions. The author also had that tought because ofhow in paragraph 8 he/ she mentioned how " Striving to meet the challenges presented by Venus has Values, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." Which basically explains that us as humans we are not satisfied with anything we always have more questions.

Personally I think this was a very good passage and it gave a lot of very good points. It actually gave me a lot of questions. The author was very good at explaining his/her's point. We should defenitley try to follow the author's idea and try to go to Venus.       