Can multiple advice's benefit your choice on what to do? Most people believe that multiple advice's is better than just one advice. When people ask for an advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person.

Asking for advice to multiple friends is better than one because of the following reasons. When someone asks more than one person they all can get a different response. The person who said their advice might say why they said that about their certain response. If people only ask one person, they might say the wrong thing to do. When I ask someone for an advice, they sometimes might tell me to do a wrong thing. After, I ask my friends for advice and then when they give me the advice, later on I think on my own what is the right thing to do. I think about what everyone said and the reason why they said their responses, then make my decision on what I should do. Questioning advises to friends gets their point of view of how they might see things. Their point of view will make you think of the situation and to make a correct choice. When I ask peers for an advice, later they tell me what they would do and why they would do that so then I start to see how they are thinking. Seeing different point of views is good because I can see the good and bad things about a choice. Lastly, I have to think what is the best for me and see the best point of view to see if I might the correct decision.

Advice from best friends is better than just friends! Asking friends for an advice is better than some person that doesn't do good things. Best friends are the best choice to ask for a advice, even better than just asking regular friends! When I ask for an advice I mostly go to my best friends first, because we know each other well and tells me the right thing to do. My best friends know me so they will advice the best for me. My best friends help me make the right decision. Best friends tell you the truth about what choice to make. They even tell you the good and bad things for both sides of the answer. I trust more best friends than friends because some friends just lie to make you do the wrong thing unlike best friends help you to do the right things. Best friends even help me up if the decision I made was bad, but its not always like that for peers. Peers can help me for an advice but not like a best friend because they really do try to help me.

For these reason I believe that multiple advises are better than one. Also, best friends are the best choice to pick for an advice. More point on views is better than one.       