When people hear the word transportation, the first most likely thing that comes to ones mind is car. It is typical to think of a car as just a way to get from one place to another faster, but what about the effects of driving. Cars are one of many things that cause pollution, releasing gases that harms our Earth we live on, the very planet that keeps us alive. Limiting car usage could benifit the earth and give you advantages.

"Paris bans driving due to smog," by  Robert Duffer, the title it self says all, paris has a pollution issue due to the cars that they drive and stated in the article because of  "near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partical driving ban to clear the air of the global city." Because of the actions Paris had to make it reduce the congestion  in the captial of France by 60 percent, those who didn't follow to what was told "suffer a 22-euro fine," about "4,000 drivers were fined" according to Reuters. We shouldn't only resort to cars as transportation, inventions such as the bicycle are still around to this day and the percentage rate of bicycles causing pollution is, zero.

Author Andrew Selsky states in his article, "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota," that millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during the car-free day." This day was done so it can encourage people of altervative transportation and reducetion of smog, and according to the article some may say it works. "It is a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" Stated by bussiness man, Carlos Arturo Plaza.

The advantages and possiblitys people could have if they limited the usage of vehicles, in Duffers article it is proclaim  that "parks and sport centers also bloomed through out the city." The once beated up side walk, is now restored with "broad, smooth sidewalks," and coming back to the congestion, "rush- hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic." There possiblities bloom with the upscale of shopping districts and new restraunts increasing.

It is understandable for one to not like the idea of reducing the usage of ones car, but if you sit back and realize it, cars are "responsible for 12 percent of green house gas emission" and thats just in Europe. In the United State, there percentage increases to 50 percent. All according to Elisabeth Rosenthal's article, In "German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars."  Beijing, Chine is guilty of being the "most poplluted cities in the whole world." Everyone is a culpret when it comes to poplution and that is why everyone should take time to look at the facts and change, help the earth that helps you. Instead of driving your car to work thats just down the street, take a bike, If not take a shuttle. Don't relie on one source of transportation.

The opportunitys that could accore if one just limit the usage of his or hers motor vechile are endless, but it all starts with a choice. Rethink the way you see cars, think about the effect and possiblities that could offend mothernature. The advantages such as building cardio and decreasing of stress and pollution. The time to change the amount of times we use our car is now because limiting the usage of cars is right, and when you give to the planet the planet gives back.                    