Asking many people for their opinions can be more tiresome than just asking one person, but it has it's benefits. You'll be well and truly informed about the pros and cons of each side, thus meaning you won't be biased when it's time to make your decision. You also get many points of views and the chance to realize things that you wouldn't have noticed with only asking one person. You also will be able to identify fabricated or exaggerated opinions more easily and separate them from the real opinions.

In order to be truly informed, you must know both the pros and cons of each side. To acquire information about both sides, you must go around asking others for their opinions and such, because nobody's perfect, to each their own when it comes to mindset. Not everyone will have the same information about a side. For example, a person may know a con about a side, but another person may know a pro about the same side. If you had not asked the second person. You may not have known about the pro on the same side. By asking many people for their opinions, you'll have a less chance of making a bias decision if you are well and truly informed.

Point of view also plays an important role in making a decision. People may see things that you may not have noticed right away. When asking many people, you get not only their advice and opinions, but their point of view. Their point of view explains why they are on a side. Their point of view can be used to connect certain pieces of advice to other pieces of advice or opinions, slowly creating the bigger picture. When the picture is complete, you will be able to make your decision.

Asking many people can also counteract the problem that arises when you only ask one person for advice or their opinion. The problem is that people are not honest at times. A study shows that 73% percent of people questioned have made and kept a lie to this day. The same study shows an estimated 15% of those who said they haven't kept a lie are ironically lying. If you were to only ask one person for their opinion as opposed to many, you would have an estimated 88% to get a exaggerated, if not a completely fabricated response. If you asked many people, you would have a set of data you can rely on. You would be able to separate the fabricated or exaggerated opinions and advice because they would look like outliers compared to the rest.

In conclusion, it's better, safer, and more secure to ask many people for their different points of view, opinions, and advice. By asking many people as opposed to one, you can separate the fabricated or exaggerated opinions from the real ones. You can also find out both the pros and the cons of each side. That allows you to paint the bigger picture and make a truly, well informed decision, and you dont have to be worried about having made a biased decision.