In today's schools, it is often difficult for students to succeed in a classroom environment. In fact, it is common to hear students express their frustrations of being in a classroom with the phrase, "I would rather be at home". Although it is traditional and ideal for students to get their education from within a school, it is not always best. Due to today's modern technical advancements, a student could benefit more in school, if learning new subjects were offered on a computer screen, in the comfort of their own home. Schools should offer distance learning to students because of the comfortable working space, the limited amount of distractions, and the work will get done more efficiently.

At Generic_School, a sol was canceled due to the A.C. systems not working. It was extremely hot inside the school as well as outdoors, making it unbearable for any student to take the test. It is important for students to have comfortable working space so they are able to perform at their best. If a student works from the comfort of their own home, they are able to get more work done without having to worry about facing unexpected difficulties. Students are also able to work in their pajamas allowing them to be relaxed and at ease while doing work or actively learning a subject. A serene environment allows for students to see learning as enjoyable rather than terrifying or boring. Schools should offer distance learning because it allows students to be in a comfortable working space.

In school environments, students deal with daily distractions such as: class clowns, school fights, and gossip. However, distance learning would minimize those distractions. While working at home, students would not be exposed to distractions caused by the misbehavior other children. For example, at Generic_School, multiple students would pull the fire alarm in order to get out of the first 15-20 minutes of class. This caused learning periods to become shorter and kept teachers from following their lesson plans. The behavior of a few misguided classmates caused the entire school to lose focus on their classwork. Alas the home environment would significantly decrease the distractions that would be caused by the disorderly conduct of others. With limited distractions, students are able to get more work completed. Therefore, schools should offer distance learning in order to limit distractions from one's learning environment.

When students are offered distanced learning, it gives them a chance to learn the subject at a more personal level. Most teachers have to teach over 100 students a day, they give the same lectures and worksheets without getting a chance to personal interact with every student. Distance learning allows for students to get the attention they need to fully understand the concept of what they are learning. The more the student understands the lesson that is taught, the better they will understand the work given to them. At home, the student would not have to depend on other classmates for answers on the homework or a test. This will decrease the chances of cheating on assignments. The home environment forces students to pay attention in order to complete such assignments. Schools should offer distance learning because it causes students to work more efficiently.

Overall in today's schools, it is difficult for students to succeed in a classroom environment. Although it is traditional and ideal for students to get their education from within a school, it is not always the best way. Due to today's modern technology advancements, a student could benefit more in school, if learning new subjects was offered on a computer screen in the comfort of their own home. Schools should offer distance learning to students because of the comfortable working space, the limited amount of distractions, and the work will get done more efficiently. 