Can students benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Yes, they can benefit from completing their work at home, and here are a few reasons for my position on this issue. Being able to have one on one time with your instructor, being able to work at your own pace ,and not being as social as others.

Firstly, I want to start with I know most people would say that students won't be able to get help. Which brings me to my first reason; being able to have one on one time with their instructors. This can improve the student's ability to understand something their having issues on. Teachers in schools have at least 25 students in their classes. So, when a student is having issues on a subject, it's hard for teachers to be able to teach them everything they need to know in order for them to comprehend the topic, and keep the class entertained and not get rowdy. Learning at home is a great opportunity to receive extra help.

Another reason is being able to work at your own pace. When having so many students in one class it may be hard to receive all the knowledge you need as fast as other students. All students work at different pace, and all students comprehend subjects differently. Most students at my school have this issue as well in class. The students that comprehended the lesson would tell the teacher they were comfortable to move on to another lesson, but other students were not. But instead of holding up the ones that were ready to move on they wouldn't say anything. Which made them fail tests, but if you were home schooled that wouldn't be an issue since there's no one there to rush you.

My final reason is a very common reason why students do home schooling. Which is not being as social as others also called bulling. Lots of people say when students leave school to home school it's going to be hard for them to make friends and learn social skills. My reason for picking this is because students that home school sometimes are being bullied, or can't make friends. It might also be hard to learn in class if their being bullied. I know a student from my school who had a lot of friends and was still bullied. Which made him end up being home schooled. Students that are home schooling because they don't have friends, or are being bullied are doing it because it allows them a comfortable and peaceful learning environment.

Attending classes from home is a great way to receive a better education if going to school isn't working. My reasons: being able to have one on one time, working at your own pace, and not being as social are just a few reasons why I think it is a good idea for students who want to try learning at home. 