Most of the students enjoy doing activities such as sports,but there a not forced to. The principal is planning students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity, but the student disagree. Students feel like they should not be forced on doing something after school. For they have other activities that they do after school hours, less time spent with their families, and even feel pressure on not knowing what do to after school is over.

Activities after school- Having to be forced on doing something is not great, and having to choose an after school activity is going to affect students daily activities such as doing chores, feeding pets, etc. The majority of students have something to do in their houses, but having to spend extra time on activities after school is going to change how much time the put into doing their chores in the house. Students disagree that we should be forced on doing something after school because it is going to affect their daily activities.

Less family time- Having to extracurricular activities is going to take away how much time students spend with their families. Things such as going to the park, or having a lovely dinner with your family, might be affected by doing school activities. Activities such as soccer or basketball takes time and discipline, and that could take time away from your family. Students disagree to be forced on doing an school activity because activities such as sports takes time and practice, and takes more time away from your family.

Feel pressure- If the principal is making the students pick an activity after school, students might even feel pressure of not knowing what to pick. Some students are shy, and they dislike the idea of having do to an extracurricular activity because they do not want to talk or spent time with other people, or they are insecure of themselves and do not want to be in those activities. Students dislike the idea of being forced on doing something after school because there are some students that are shy and do not want to be with other people.

In conclusion, students dislike the idea of having to participate in a school activity because they are shy and they do not want to spend time with other people, having to do an extracurricular activity is going to affect their daily schedule by not putting time to the things they do when they get home such as chores, feeding pets, etc, and having to do school activities is going to affect how much time students spend with their families, such as going for a walk in a park, or just going to chuck n cheese is going to be affected by the extra time students put into school activities.