The Seagoing Cowboys is a unique job, and also a once in a lifetime oppurtunity. I think you should try it. Luke Bomberger said It opened up the world to him, "I'm gratful for the oportunity, it made me more aware of the people of other countries and thier needs." And that awareness stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years."

'It was 1945, World War II was over in Europe, and many countries were left in ruins. To help these countries recover thier food supplies, animals, and more, 44 nations joined together to form UNRRA (the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration).' As stated in paragraph 2.

'UNRRA hired "Seagoing Cowboys" to take care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped overseas.' As stated in paragraph 2. Luke had made nine trips in two years of "service." Luke says in paragraph 5 that "Besides helping people, I had the side benefit of seeing Europe and China. But seeing the Acropolis in Greece was special. So was taking a gondola ride in Venice, Italy, a city with streets of water." Luke also toured am excavated castle in Crete and marveled at the Panama Canal on his way to China

You have to be prepared for long, rocking, swaying trips. If just reading those words made you sick then I suggest you don't go. 'It took about two weeks to cross the Atlantic Ocean from the eastern coast of the United States and a month to get to China.' Luke had slipped down a ladder and broke a couple ribs, so, he could not do very much heavy work.

'Luke also found time to have fun on board, especially on the return trips after the animals had been unloaded. The cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. Table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and gmaes also helped pass the time.'

In conclusion I think that being a Seagoing Cowboy would be fun! It sounds like if I were one I would be pretty amazed and entertained. It opens up the world to you. Luke says in paragraph 9 "It made me more aware of people of other countries and thir needs." So give it a try. See if you like it. But remember this job requires much hard work and a lot of effort. Hope you enjoy it.