Transportation. A means of arriving at your destinations, a reliable way to get around. Humans use transportation everyday whether its by car, walking, biking, running, etc., but we mostly rely on cars to get around. Cars, although very useful in needing to travel, have very unresourceful qualities that humans tend to overlook. These qualities are effecting the enviorment in negative ways. Many countries are taking action to enforce a better protection for the enviorment by limiting usage on cars to reduce the smog pollution and to distance human's reliability on cars.

One of the main issues faced today is pollution because it causes diseases and illnesses, ruining the earth's population. Smog is caused by car pollution which is increasingly more common found throughout the world because of the mass amount of vehicle usage per day. Paris has banned driving on Monday's "...to clear the air of the global city". (Par. 10) Many face a 22-euro fine if not obeying by the no-driving policy. This has helped decrease congestion by 60 percent and decrease smog pollution. Diesel fuel was blamed for most of the problems in France due to the majority of diesel engine fueled vehicles. Taking away usage of vehicles minimizes this problem. This drastic change in transportation has encouraged Obama to spread limited car usage to the United States to help the greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. is most reliable on cars for transportation. Less people in the U.S. over time have delayed on recieving their leaners permit and license, decreasing car usage. "...beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviorment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions...". (Par. 34)

Although pollution is a prime issue, humans rely way too much on cars as a means of transportation. In order to help this problem Vauban, Germany has gotten rid of cars. They have limited car usage to only a few places, such as huge highways where they're necessary, and they have limited parking to huge garages instead of ones in your house. This has become an increasing impact on the world and other countries by showing "...an example of a growing trend...to seperate suburban life from auto use,...". (Par. 4) Bogota, Columbia is also eager to spread the decrease in car limitiation to other countries by taking off days from car usage. This has helped humans to become more proactive and to become active in keeping the enviorment safe and pollution free. Relying less on cars benefits humans as well because not as much of their money will be turned towards automobiles. "In previous bills, 80 percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only 20 percent to other transport". (Par. 9) This has impacted the enviorment and humans in a beneficial way.

Promoting more car-reduced communties, has proven to be more effective in caring for the emnviorment. Many countries that take action in reducing automobile usage have more control financially and decrease pollution meandering through the earth's precious air. Limiting car usage is an advantage on society because it reduces smog and makes humans less reliable on cars for transportation.    