In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," it talks about how different companies are making cars that can be driven with no driver, but some have made ones that are almost driverless. Some companies used different ways to achieve that goal but some failed. In some states you cannot even test out driveless cars. There is an arguement wether people agree or disagree with the car. There are both positive and negatives of driverless cars.

There is a positive side to having driverless cars and one of them is that it will use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer more flexability than a bus. There are cars with sensors so if you come close to a pole or something it will make a noise so you can stop before you hit it. The sensors will also be able to control the breakes and reduce the power of the engine. That will create a better response and control than a human driver. It will be much more safer if we have driverless cars because if a perosn is texting and forgets to stop the car, it will stop itself not causing any accidents.

There is always a negative side to everything and the negetive side to this is that if we rely too much on technology to do everthing for us then we will not know what to do once it fails us. Lets say that we finally have driverless cars and there is an accident ahead, but the car does not stop. At that point what will we do? We will not be able to stop the car because we forgot how to use one after all these years relying on the technology. Like it said in the article, if the technology fails and someone gets injured whose fault is it? It said in the article that some cars are partly driveless except when going up or down driveways or going past an accident so at that point the drivers have to take control. We will all still have to learn how drive.

We should go against the development of these cars because at some point all technology might fail. It may seem safer to have the driveless cars, but I think that if cars have sensors to prevent some things then that will be fine. We cannot rely too much on technoloy even though it is extremely useful. Technology has helped us save lives in the past years. There is more negatives than positives so in that case I believe that we should not allow driverless cars. 