Education has been taught through traditional classroom settings for centuries.

The moment that school bell rings to signal the start of the school day, students prepare for their day of learning. Without that important aspect of education, students can slack off.

With video conferencing, the students are in a place they consider to be relaxing.

The attempt to learn through a video conference at home would not be time spent well by the students.

Most people wouldn't take the situation seriously and proceed to fool around.

Students would not benefit from online conferencing at home because of the ambiance of the school that provides students with an environment meant for learning, the social interactions that are created with fellow peers, and the idea that the method can be taken advantage of.

School is a location where students spend roughly six hours learning and an hour for walking to class and lunch time in Generic_City.

The environment contributes greatly to the likelihood that students want to learn while they are at school.

Especially since technology has advanced so much in the last couple of decades, teachers can teach students in many unique ways.

That face-to-face interaction with the teacher can help students learn in depth rather than staring at a computer screen.

People value experiences where they were taught something magnificent and the feeling that resulted while sitting in that classroom. That feeling will never be able to replicate from a student starting at a computer.

There was this moment in class when I really thought that this teacher had a great ability to teach and cared how her students were absorbing the information and not just memorizing for an exam.

My science teacher in seventh grade spent time making foldables, activities, and experiments that were not only interesting, but related to the topic that we were learning.

She taught us a lesson every class that could be used when we enter the reality of life after college. One time we were learning about the history of DNA.

She spoke of how a female scientist died not knowing that her discovery in science became historic in the development of other topics.

She noticed the connection that people were mistreated and advised us all to be aware that in the real world, ideas are stolen, but we should advocate for the truth.

Every student in Generic_City has heard of a PBL (Project Based Learning).

Administrators of public schools have implemented these assignments that require the effort of multiple people working together to come up with an amazing result.

If the Board of Education cares so deeply about the benefits of students working together, so should we.

With the online conferencing method of learning, students wouldn't have that interaction that is so crucial to work in the real world.

During these PBLs, students learn to compromise, share ideas, and work through disagreements.

These experiences come in handy when at work someone is placed in a group that they don't know and is expected to work together to find a solution for a problem. Recently, the Corona Virus (COVID-19) has become one of the most deadly diseases historically.

Scientists, from all over the world, have banded together in an attempt to find something that would help slow down the transmission of the disease or even a working cure.

The message of teamwork and collaboration is an idea that has been stressed for decades.

For example, during WWII, the atomic bomb was in the midst of its creation.

The Allies (U.S., Britain, France, etc.) sent over their scientists to the U.S. to work on the Manhattan project; a project that's goal was the creation of an atomic bomb.

Collaboration in the educational environment can't be substituted by a video on a computer screen.

Anything that requires technology can be manipulated.

The idea of online conferencing could be done, but the actual use of it wouldn't accomplish anything.

In order of getting out of school (online conferencing), students could think of a million reasons why they weren't there for their online conferencing. This could include losing their computer, not having internet, being busy for some reason, and etc. It's complicated enough that some students can leave during the school day, but this online conferencing would give students even more leeway to get out of their education.

People agree that in some circumstances, students can't physically be able to attend school. Whether there was an accident or a student was sick and contagious for weeks, maybe online conferencing would benefit them.

In the past, before online conferencing was suggested, schools have already dealt with this issue.

Usually, students will get their work ahead of time or periodically and then when they are able to return to school, they catch up with the teacher's assistance.

In the end, that person should recover nicely.

Once my friend was sick on and off for three weeks. She was taking four college level classes and three advanced classes. When she was at home, she took the initiative to tell all her teachers and get the work. Sometimes, I would call her and ask if she needed me to explain anything.

The traditional way to learn is perfectly fine for students.

All situations can be resolved to help a student that's facing hardships. Some college students have mentioned that nine out of ten times, high school was an experience they wouldn't trade for anything else, even with the bad times.

Those memories of attending school events like pep rallies, homecoming, prom, game nights and more wouldn't have even happened without traditional education.

The connections that are forged including friendships and romance. All of those are created because education was made to be a creative environment where students learn and are happily doing so.

The benefits of a traditional learning environment clearly outweigh learning through a computer screen. 