Advice, a word meaning receiving someone's knowledge. At certain times, people ask for the advice of others caused by problems going on in their life. Seeking this knowledge will most likely boost ones' chances of having a more successful outcome. Therefore, it would be tremendously helpful to simply ask one or multiple people for advice. Even if one had not asked for advice, the one handing out their wisdom would have seen the struggle of the receiver. Overall, it would be wise to accept advice from others because of experience, knowing what is best for someone, and giving another point of view.

When someone is sharing his or her advice, they could have already experienced another's current position. For example, if someone is running Track and Field, she might feel like giving up after strenuous practices or an exhausting meet. She will then ask her parents, who also ran Track and Field, what she should do. Her parents will look her in the eyes and say "Push through." They will tell her about similar cases in which they had desired to simply give up, but then tell her that giving up won't solve anything, it will just leave one defeated. She will carry that advice with her the rest of her life. This same girl will soon ponder about school. She will be going into high school and will enter the IB program. She will turn to her sister, who went through the same program, and ask about the classes her sister went through. The sister will tell her about how, one class in particular, there is a lot of assignments and gets less interesting the harder the course gets. They both bond as they laugh and joke about the nerves of going into high school. She will remember the smiles of that night as she picks classes a week later, and she is sure she has picked the right classes. The experience of others helps one make the right decisions and lead one away from make a huge mistake.

Advice also holds someone's best interests. Meaning that the giver of wisdom also knows what is best for someone. Parents always have their child's best interest at heart and can help them decide the amount of rigorous courses to take going into high school. When their child says they would like to take all AP courses, the parents can tell them to slow down a bit and first try out those classes, instead of jumping in without knowing what lies below. The student will, perhaps, then only take AP English and AP math and wait to take other courses when they know what they are capable of doing. This advice will help the student not stress themselves out because they tested everything out first then jumped in a little bit deeper. Another circumstance, a child does not want to do their school work and would like to go hangout with friends. A sibling or the parents will know that in order to get exceptional grades, the student must finish their work. They will tell the child that the more one pushes back their work the harder it is to bring oneself to complete the assignments. Then, in the future, the child will work more efficiently. Therefore, advice from others can help someones even if they think it won't.

Asking for the wisdom of others will also give one another point of view. Asking for advice can be for something as simple as picking out an outfit. For example, a mother and a daughter go shopping together to pick out a dress for homecoming. The girl wanted her mother to be there because if she liked a dress and her mother did not, she would want to know why. The girl would also want to know what dress looked best. If she had two favorites and couldn't decide between the two, her mother would offer her advice for which dress to choose. After buying the dress, the girl would feel better about her pick. Although, before homecoming this girl had to get into high school. To get into this high school she had to take an interview. Before the interview, she goes to her mother, who has interviewed people to get into medical school, and asks her what she looks for in a student and what to say and what not to say. Her mother tells her that she hates when people do not look at her even though she is the one asking questions. Also, she finds it a bit odd if one doesn't have any questions for her. The next day, she makes sure to look at the person speaking and ask questions when it is her turn. She leaves the room feeling much better that she took her mothers advice. The new point of view from advice can help solve problems and know what one is to expect.

In conclusion, being offered advice can help one because of another's experience, knowing what is best for someone and giving another point of view. The experience of already passing through someone's current situation, knowing the mistakes one made, and the correct way to handle it. Knowing what is best for someone will help them in the long run, even if they do not think it will at the moment. Giving somebody another point of view can help them settle a decision or view how another person thinks about a object or circumstance. Seeking wisdom from others will help one make a better choice and they will carry the wisdom from the advice for the rest of their lives.