In all reality I feel that if a school system wants a childs brain to blossom with ideas and learn how to be creative then the teachers should let the students design their own project for example; when I was younger I had to do a project for school and I did not like the reading project that was assigned it didnt let my creativity flow and I couldnt get into the book. Kids like to explore and find new things to do. Let a kid be a kid dont assign them something they would not find fun over the summer.

I would like to begin with, when i was young and i had to do a reading assignment over summer i didnt do it because it wasnt what i craved and wanted to do,i wanted to be a explorer and find new things and played in the mud. I went around and tried to find things that interested me and I started to collect bugs and tried to find out what they was and when i went back to school i told my teacher that i collected bugs and found out the names of them and i proceed to ask her if i could write a essay since i did not do the reading project and she let me do the essay about bugs. so my creativity was able to flow out and i found out something that i enjoyed doing that i did not know liked doing.

In addition to, children like to find stuff to do and not realize it could be bad and not understand the out come so let a kid be a kid and be creative so they can explore their minds and find something they enjoy doing and summer is about having fun and hanging out with your friends and family. I think kids do not do the assignments that are assigned to them because they do not find it interesting, a kid need to find something interesting in order to want to do it. If they can not design their projects for summer then they should not have to do them, i feel that when a child has the opportunity to do something that they find creative then they will end up doing it.

To end with, summer is all about taking a break from school and being free teachers should not assign projects to students they should not feel like they are forced to do something when they can let their mind explore and learn new thing on their own. If a teacher just gives out a project and is like here do this over summer then the student might not find it interesting and not do it. If students are able to design their own projects and be them self then their minds can bloom into some beautiful and amazing they will find out a new part of them self that they never knew they had.

In conclusion, a student should be able to design their own project so they can discover more about them self that they never knew existed. When It comes to teachers giving out summer projects i can see why some students may not complete it because they could find it boring or they just arent interested in doing it, thats why i think summer projects should be student designed and they should be forced to do a project that they dont find interesting. So if school assign summer projects let the students design the project and see what type of response you get back. Remember summer isnt about doing work its about being able to have fun with family and friends. 