I am dissagreing because some reasons that really should be thought of. One of my reasons is that its the teen or the childs chocie because lets say they wanted to work at a hut dog truck they would not have a thing for that and its not there passion. That brings me to my next thing there passion there passion could be not wanting to do one of the options the principal is giving. Now my next reason is if they really cant do them they could have a bone that does not let do some stuff so like sports is probaly out of the picture. Now let me give you the reasons behind why I think the principal should not do this.

The main reason america is america is because of freedom someone should not tell you to do something thats not important. Lets say a kid is getting forced to do something like run but thats just a random man saying it he or she does not have to run at all see what I mean. Ok think about that but just imagine it at school getting forced to do it even if you dont want to. Likes lets say im a nerd and all I like doing is work but I dont have time for the other stuff so it would really affect my learning skills.

Now on to my second reason there passion this kinda brings me back the the freedom thing the principal is trying to force a hobby tho and thats not cool at all. What if they dont like any of them and they dont find it fun at all. Maybe if there was just things you can sign that would let you do it if you want would be good. My school does that if you want to do a sport or office type things they give you a pecie of paper you parents have to sign and you do too. So think about it forcing someone to do something they dont like the only thing there going to do is procrastinait.

Ok now my last reason if they cant even do it now your probaly they cant do what thats the thing the person could have something specail about they and can effect them when there trying to do stuff. I could have a forever broken arm and im pretty sure all the hoobies need at least two arms. And the fact that there is no hoobies that need no arms is dumb I cant belive one person could not think of one hobby like really.

Those are my reasons on why the principal should not force hoobies to people if they dont want them so thank you for your time and good night.      