Using cell phones while driving is a big problem because instead of paying attention to the road your paying attention to your phone and anything could happen . You could hit another car and injure someone , hit someone walking across the street and kill them or hurt yourself . And also it's dumb to text and drive or operate your phone while driving because if you get caught you get a ticket and if you accidentally harm someone because you were using the phone while driving you could face jail time .No one should be that interested in a phone to where they can't not use it while driving .

You should be able to use a phone while driving if you are already talking to someone before you pull off and your phone is not in your hand . You shouldn't be able to use your phone in your hand while driving because phones are a distraction from your driving and being focused on a phone instead of the ride could be very dangerous . The use of cell phones have caused almost 1.6 million accidents per year .

Your more likely to get found at fault in an accident if you were using your phone when the accident occurred . Being distracted on the road is one of the leading causes of death on the highway and streets

.

Driving while using your phone is becoming more common as technology use increases and more electronics come out . In some states texting and driving is actually legal that's why people feel it is ok to do it . Most people think it is ok to glance or reply to a quick text but it only takes a second for something to happen because you looked away from the road . You are far more likely to get in an accident if you aren't on your phone or distracted by text messages or phone calls . I also believe people being hooked to social media is another reason they are on the phone while driving it isn't always texts and calls .

Even though using a phone and driving isn't the only way to get in an accident it could really be prevented and reduce the number of accidents per year . People are so hooked on electronics they don't even think about what can happen in the flash of an eye . Electronics are good for certain things like to stay in contact with family and friends and look up stuff on the entertainment but I think that they are taking over people's brain , they care too much about their phones and social media's . Using your phone while driving just isn't worth going to jail , having to pay a ticket or loosing your life or someone else loosing theirs .   