Why are multiple opinions good? It's better than one opinion because some times they could be bias. Opinions could make people better as a person too and it can improve anyone as a person. Also opinions from other people can prevent other people from doing bad.

When you seek multiple opinions you have different perspectives of other people and that could help you make better choices instead of doing whats wrong. Another reason why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is because sometimes your opinions can prevent bad things from happening like doing drugs or any other substances. Also if someone asks like if they should start working out and stop sitting at home playing games,the better choice would be yes and thats what they would choose because their friends persuaded them that its the better choice.

Another reason why its better to seek multiple opinions can help someone is because it could make their future better,like if they two choices in going to college or not going to college your friends would obviously say go to college. Also when multiple people say to go to college that would change their decision because they realize it isnt a good choice. Many of those opinions will make them rethink about it because it isnt just one person saying it,its multiple people saying the same answer. So the person would have to make a different choice and go to college.

Sometimes they need to ask many other people because they're indecisive and sometimes they would choose to do something that isnt good or the best choice. Whether its multiple people or just two people, that could change them and help make the better choice. Also when someone asks for multiple opinions sometimes they would see how many people would choose the better choice and they would choose depending on majority,most people would choose the better choice.

In conclusion I think everyone should make good choices everyday and sometimes you need opinions to help you decide but you have to remember that sometimes your friends could be bias. However sometimes people opinions can be useful and they can improve your choices. Also when a bunch of your friends tells you to choose the better choice it makes you realize that you did not think about it and you need to change what you chose or choose.