Being able to have a car that drives itself would be cool, right? Well, maybe not as cool as you think. Having a car that drives itself comes with many complications. These complications may include lack of safety, lack of total automatic driving, and lack of laws needed to operate a smart car.

The smart car is a nice invention, but with the lack of safety it isn't very smart to drive. The systems within the smart car may fail and cause the operator to be injured. Having the systems fail is the worst thing that could happen while driving a smart car. It may cause an accident if the smart car is not at it best quality. This lack of safety really worries me as a driver myself.

While the smart car appears to be able to drive without a driver, it can't. The smart car can operate on its own but it requires the operator to be fully alerted at all times because the car cant drive itself through certain situations. These include accidents and work zones, which would require the driver to take the wheel and drive through these situations. The driver would become bored while not driving and may even fall asleep do to the lack of action. It just seems way to dangerous to trust an "automatic",

driverless car that isn't fully automatic nor driverless with my life.

Many states now don't even allow many smart cars to be driven. In order for these cars to be able to be on the streets many laws would need to be made or changed. Without laws just for these smart cars people would drive reckless. If no laws are put in place who will be held responsible for the failing of the systems in a smart car? " New laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident ". Laws are needed to drve these cars no matter the argument to keep us and those around us safe.

Do smart cars still seem cool? I'll leave that answer up to you, but take everything i have said into consideration. Smart cars may be the future, but the way they are now is too dangerous. There are too many complications including lack of safety, lack of automatic driving, and lack of laws needed to operate a smart car. So, is a smart car really smart?     