My name is Luke Bomberger and I strongly encourage you to join a group I was a part of for 3 years called the "Seagoing Cowboys". I think you should join because you can have opportunitues you may never have again, like helping people who were left in ruins revive their towns, food supplies, animals, and you have a extraordinary experience because you get to go places you may have never had the chance to go. It is a great program to be apart of.

One main thing you do in this program is help countries who according to the article in paragraph 2 " were left in the ruins." One thing you do is revive their food supply. Some ways we did that are brought them food in the cargo ships we were on. We loaded all sorts of different food on the ship, along with other things they needed an made our way across the Atlantic Ocean. Another thing we coudl do is bring seeds with us to plant over there. This is a big help because then we would have more room for other things they needed just as bad. The seeds would be planted and grown to have fresh fruits and vegetables. We also brought young animals to raise and butcher for meat.

Another way we helped the people and countries who suffered during World War II was bring animals over to replace the ones that were maybe killed when they fought or that were killed for food. Some of the animals we brought were, horses and young cows, and of course the food forthe animals to eat. The cows were brought over for many reasons, one reason was simply to raise and butcher for food. Another reason was so they could help people carry heavy things differnet places. They were big helps. Horses were brought over for transportation and to use to pull big loads. If farmers also wanted to use them for farming reason they could.

While I was in this group I went a lot of places that otherwise I would have never got to go. While we were over seas I got to tour an empty castle in Crete and marveled at the Panama Canal. I also got to see famous landmarks such as the Acropolis in Greece. During our ways to and from we seen Europe and China. I took a gondola ride in Venice, Italy a city with streets of water. I got chances that I would have never got if it wasn't for this program.

One last thing that makes me happy that this program exists is that I would have probably never know what it was like to cross an ocean on a boat without this program. I also met new people and seen things that me seeing never crossed my mind. I had fun while I was in this Program. I loved being called a Seagoing Cowboy.

Do you think you want to be a Seagoing Cowboy? Does it sound like something that you want to be apart of? You can have the opportunity to go places you might have never got to go, help countries that would other wise never get help and most of all you could be improving the lives of others. Look into it you may never know if you like it if you never try.