Many people believe that it is necessary to use a car to get from one place to another. Many studies have shown that this in fact is not true. There are many advantages to limiting car usage. I am in favor of limiting car usage because of the advantages it brings to the world. One reason to limit car usage is, because it reduces the amount of pollution. Another reason, is because many people around the world are in favor of limiting car usage. Lastly, limiting car usage lowers emissions and improves safety. Beneficial and critical, limiting car usage helps humans as well as the environment.

First of all, limiting car usage reduces the amount of pollution worldwide. Reflective and didactic, Robert Fuller's "Paris bans driving due to smog," reflects the amount of pollution that is reduced due to limited car usage. For example, Robert Fuller explains that "...[Last] week Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter (PM) per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London, Reuters found." This statement layers Robert's opinion that car usage can create vast amounts of pollution. If car usage is limited, the amount of particulate matter would decrease. For instance, this theory is created when Robert Fuller states "The smog cleared enough Monday for the ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday."

Another reason, is because many people around the world are in favor. Appauled and enthusiastic, Andrew Selsky's "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota", molds the theory that limiting car usage has many advantages. For instance, businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza states "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife. The fact that many people around the world are in favor of limiting car usage is shown, when Andrew Selsky sates that "Municipal authorities from other countries came to Bogota to see the event and were enthusiastic." Bogota Mayor Antanas Mockus is also in favor as he states "The rain hasn't stopped people from participating." These statements show that limiting car usage is very beneficial and has many advantages.

Lastly, limiting car usage lowers emissions and improves safety. This is shown in Elisabeth Rosenthal's "The End of Car Culture." Elisabeth states that "...it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment." Elisabeth Rosenthal also states that "...transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions just behind power plants." Limiting car usage also improves safety. Last year in Barcelona, Spain, Bill Ford, executive chairman of the Ford Motor Company, proposed partnering with telecommunications. Bill Ford wanted to partner with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which "pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transpotation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety." This statement forms the theory that limiting car usage has many advantages.

In conclusion, limiting car usage has many advantages. We as people of the world need to limit car usage for many reasons. The first reason is, because it reduces the amount of pollution. The second reason is that many people around the world are in favor of limiting car usage. The last reason is, because limiting car usage lowers emissions and improves safety. This is why we as citizens of the world need to limit car usage worldwide.    