To the Principal:

Teens rely on cell phones for communication, making plans, and even safety. Most bring them everywhere they go, and are constantly texting or making calls. Some people do not feel right without having their phone on them or with them and they should not be blamed. This generation is becoming more reliant on technology and electronic devices. Students should be allowed to bring them to school and use them in their free time.

The policy of not having phones at school at all is not fair to students. After school or during a break, students may need to call their parents, to ask them a question or to make plans. Although a phone is provided in the office, most of the time these are occupied by others who may not have a cellular device, and if you have to ask something quickly, there is just no time. Also, some students might not know a number by heart, so if one has to call them on the school phone, they may not be able to. With a cell phone, the child would have the number saved in his/her contact list so the call is fast and easy.

Even if the policy was changed to "no cell phones at school", students would still sneak them in. This would make for even more of a problem because then the teachers would have to take them away and this would cause trouble. Usually, when kids get items taken away from them they feel the need to use it more, maybe just to be a rebel. If the policy was changed to "having cell phones at breaks" then this would not cause a issue because the student would not be interrupting any lesson.

Many teens need their phone in order to feel comfort. They rely on them for so much, then when they are taken, they do not know what to do. As time passes, our world is becoming more and more reliant on technology. Someday, this generation will look back and wonder why electronics were not used in school. We have to take advantage of what we have, not take it for granted. The rest of the society realizes how important technology is. So why not the schools? That is my question for you.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME