Phones & Driving

Phones are addicting devices. Texting and Driving is one of the leading causes of death in the U.S today taking the lives of not just adults but teens as well. With these large number of deaths adding up, Drivers should not be able to text and drive. Doing so is illegal in most states, You can put someone's family member in danger, and this can mess up your life in a negative way.

The police can easily pull you over and take you to jail just for just being on the phone. On several occasions, You are even able to sign up to pledge to never text and drive. It's seen when you get a license, commercials, and even when you get insurance. Doing this and getting caught could leave a bad reputation on your record as well. As seen on Legal Match. com, You can either suffer 3 consequences because of texting driving. The police will Fine you up to 20 to 500 dollars depending on the circumstances, Criminal charges can be filed, and Jail time can be guaranteed if you caused injury to another person. The more the offense is repeated, The worse the consequence. Mandatory road safety classes and Points on your driving record are just a few examples of what you'd be in for.

The most important thing about driving is not only keeping yourself safe but the passengers as well. They trust you to take them to their destination safely and to be focused at all times. Texting and driving could result in some bad incidents. Not only could you be killed or injured but you have the potential to trade an innocent life for your small but impactful decision. This can result in jail time as well seeing that you risked someone's life to send a text message. Think about the family. How do you think they'd feel if you put their loved ones in danger for something so minimal. That's why you need to look into the future and think about the long term effects of your decisions.

With your face in your phone, Anything could happen. You could easily lose control of the car and hit neighbouring vehicles. In doing so, You can send adults and even children causing them to have life long injuries or cause them death. Car crashes could even block up roads allowing people to not get home to their families or being late to important events. This can affect you in the worst way possible. Jail time is involved, you can drive since your license is suspended, no one trusts you to drive anywhere, you have to pay for a wrecked car. All these things don't just go away. It'll be on your record and everyone will know and be very cautious around you.

In conclusion, Just put your phone on silent. No text should cost someone or your own their life. Millions of people get hurt or killed a day because of careless drivers who believe their phone is more important than a life. Do this and spreading awareness on texting and driving can help and save so many people in the future. Whenever you see someone texting and driving, Let them know that it isn't right. Just this small action can save someone maybe even you.   