Just imagine, one day you're in the most boring class ever just waiting for the bell to ring so you can finally go home but it feels like forever. Just looking at the clock, next to the teachers desk every second just hoping for the time class dismisses you but you're going in slow motion. But the principal announces that every student in the school has to participate in a extracurricular activity and it puts a smile on your face because you now have something to look up too and school wont be boring anymore.

If your principal were to announce on the announcements that every student has to participate in at least one extracurricular activity, would you agree that students should or not? I would say yes and i have two reasons why.

My first reason why this is a good idea is that students would be more active around the school. Take working on the school yearbook for example. by teacher permission students should walk around campus for quotes from the students, and students can draw the yearbook cover that supports the theme of the year and towards the end students can vote on the top five cover ideas. or they can sign up for clubs for fun, for example: chess club, Art club, Band club, Dance lessons, and school plays. or they can sign up for student council and participate in the parts of a school principal and monitor the school.

Second supporting reason is students can also participate in after school sports. If kids were to participate in sports activities they would have better health and be more physically fit and also make new friends and just all in all have fun. Students can also tryout for the school teams and begin an athletic career for themselves, and if they were to work hard enough and enjoy the sport their playing, it could possibly lead to a professional career. Another reason for this claim if for students to enjoy themselves after a stressful day of work, tests, and final exams, then after school students can spend an hour or two destressing by playing sports and have fun with friends. And at the end of the day students would be exhausted and would rest well for the next day.

My counter claim for why this idea is not good is because, student grades can fall from the lack of focus from these activities. I say this because students usually lose track on what they're supposed to do than what they want to do. Another reason for this counter claim is, students would not only lose focus on their school work but they'd also most likley not follow directions around school in hallways or in class.

All in all I support this idea and these are my reasons whhy I support it, and not only that this helps kids be more active and fit, this also helps boosting social skills and making new friends and possibly change how the school functions around students.                                  