Looking for multiple opinions can help someone make a good choice because it allows different ideas, help, trust, and inspiration to be available to the seeking individual.

A good reason to why seeking the advice of others is beneficial is that asking others can help give multiple viewpoints on a situation. Looking for advice in more than one person drives the seeker to open their mind and changes their own opinions. Generic_Name was facing a problem at school with her classmates. She didn't know what to do about another girl who was bullying her. She decided to confide in her mother, a friend, and a counselor for advice. Her mother had experience in this from her years as a student, and she gave her opinion to Generic_Name to talk to the bully. Her friend said that the bully was really just hurt and lonely and took it out on Generic_Name. When Generic_Name talked to the counselor, he had extensive knowledge in this area and was able to guide Generic_Name through the steps of overcoming the problems faced, and through becoming friends with her bully. By Generic_Name's seeking to find a rational choice, she found multiple viewpoints that had insight and experience in them. Furthermore, she not only was able to stop the bullying, but she was able to become friends with the girl who had once been her enemy. While receiving other viewpoints can help, those same viewpoints can lead to new thoughts and ideas that greatly enhance the ability to make a good choice.

Seeking the opinions and advice of others either inside or outside the situation fosters inspiration.

Learning from what others say is a important skill, and basing new ideas off of other ones is a complex and great way to make an informed decision. I ask my father for help on my math homework very often. When doing hard, creative thinking problems that sometimes require more knowledge than I have, my father is there to teach me. One time, I was struggling on an especially difficult problem when I asked for advice on how to complete it. My father studied the problem for nearly 20 minutes before talking. When he finally spoke, he sounded just as confused as I was. We talked through the question, rebounding ideas off of each other. We tried the strangest ways to solve the math dilemma, but to no avail. After a random thought my dad spit out, we both suddenly fell silent and let the sentence hang in the air. A light, or to be more accurate, an explosion went off in my head, and then I was scribbling as fast as I could on a piece of paper.

"You're a genius, dad! If we do this and take that..." My mouth could not catch up to the inspiration that had lit my brain on fire. I was finally able to finish the math problem using my own way that was based off of my father's idea,

Not only does asking for help allow ideas from others to inspire your own thoughts and solutions, it brings people together.

The last explanation to why multiple advice is essential is that opinions draws others to the individual asking and creates bonds of trust. When advice is given and taken, the two people participating in the transaction now have a bond of help. Also, when asking for advice about something that needs more executive, outside, professional help, it's more likely to be gotten when you open up to others and seek those opinions. A problem that no one knows about cannot be aided if the person in need never asks for help. I have a close friend who was recently struggling with something. Generic_Name was experiencing deep bouts of depression and was scared and unsure of what to do with his feelings. He came to me and another friend, Generic_Name, seeking our opinions. We were very grateful that he had decided to tell us about his feelings, and we told him that he would need professional help, like that from a counselor, therapist, or doctor. After supporting him in telling a school counselor, he was able to begin therapy and start on the track of getting better. Ever since he came to us with the trust to ask for our advice, we have been closer than ever. Our bond as friends has been strengthened when caring for him. We immediately came to his aid when he asked, and finally brought him to outside help. With the bonds created by advice asking and giving, anyone can overcome a difficult obstacle.

When facing a situation that needs a solution or some kind of action from an individual, that individual should almost always look to others for more viewpoints, inspiration, and support. There is always a way to gain wisdom and help from others, and using that wisdom and aid to make the best choice available is beneficial to them and those around them.