Everyone needs a little help with something and often times turn to one person for that help but having more options is better. Seeking advice is always the right thing to do when you're unsure about something. When you hear things from multiple people it gives you different views from everyone. Even if you have one person that you go to, there could still be something that they can't help with too. That's the main reason why its good to have more than one outlet, because you"ll have different views on a situation and look at it differently.

Seeking multiple opinions can change your response to things. Picture it like you want to purchase an expensive dress but you need that money for a gift to your mom. Buying the dress would make you happy but then your left with nothing for you mom, so you turn to your best friend for advice. She says not to buy the dress but you're still conflicted on the options. Then you go ask more friends they all say to not buy it except one. That one friend tells you to find a dress that cost a lot less so you can have leftover money for the gift. If you would've stuck to the first opinion you would not have explored another option.

In other ways it can change your mindset on somethings that you may think are right. If you want to go out and party a lot other people maybe think thats not a good idea. Opinions can influence you coming from the right people. Getting them from various people can mean a lot more than it seems,Like if your family does not want you to party but your friends do. You should listen to your family because they're making their opinion out of love, however your friends are not. Always listen to where people are coming from when asking for advice because people tell you things mostly off of experience.

If you ask the wrong people for there opinions they will influence you to make the wrong choices. Don't go with the majority option, go with the more rational one. Choose the options that sound more thought through than just a quick answer of what someone thinks because a lot of people may try to hurt you more than help you. You should always try to do the right things or find an alternate way to be able to do both of your choices. Even when you ask other people you should still incorporate your own opinion into the situation and use theirs to add on to what you think.

Overall having more opinions is good because if you only have one you dont have all of the options in your mind. Getting too many might make you more confused and cause you to get off track so you have to find a balance in between. Also look out on who you get them from, some people may try to steer you down the wrong path on purpose. Don't disregard what people say either because it may matter in the future. Those are the reasons why seeking multiple opinions can help you make better choices, because everyone's opinion should matter.                           