Seeking multiple opinions can help people make better choices. Talking to more people can boost your understanding of something, help see different points of view, and can boost your trust in someone. When I was in 6th grade I had to write a essay on WWII. I didnt know much so I started asking people about WWII. I found lots of good information from my Grandpa but it wasn't complete, so I went to my dad and he helped fill in the gaps and gave me a second opinion on my topic. Then instead of only writing about the one opinion I chose the better idea and wrote about both, giving may paper more detail.

Seeking multiple opinions can help boost someones understanding of something. One person can only hold so much information, so by getting many opinions you can understand things better because your getting more information. People may know more about a topic than someone else, but by only going to one person they may not give you the information you need and wont help your understanding of that topic. Someone may give you a portion of the information you need, but by getting more you can build them on top of each other to make a better choice. The more and more you hear new opinions the better it can boost you knowledge of that topic.

People have different views on a topic and may know more about one side of an argument than the other. Hearing both sides of an argument can help you write a more in depth essay and a more meaningful one to people on one side of an argument . You can reach out to people because you know why they support or dislike something and try to persuade them to your opinion. By hearing different sides of an argument you can make a better choice because you know both argument and will choose the better one that will help you more.

When you hear many opinions on something it can boost your trust and respect for someone. When you hear the same opinions from different people you can start to trust what they say. When you find out what they say is true then it may build your confidence in them and you may go back to them in the future because you know they have some good knowledge. When you hear the same opinion from a different person it can start to boost your trust in it. When you ask more people for their opinion on the topic and they say the same thing that others have already said. Then you will probably trust that opinion and have more confidence in your choices because you know people agree with you.

Seeking more opinions can help people get advice and use that advice to make a smart choice. When you know more about a topic and understand it you are expected to do the right thing because you know about it. When you hear different sides of an argument you can make a better choice in life because you've not been pushed by one side of an argument, so your not bias. This can help you make a choice that will benefit you because you know the pros of both arguments. Someone will probably make the better choice because they trust all the good information their getting from people. No one says good things about a terrible choice. These are just some of the reasons why seeking multiple opinions from people can help someone make a better choice.    