Transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions (Rosenthal 34). Global warming is becoming more of an issue as time goes on,  part of this problem is vehicles and their pollution they let off. People are getting more and more worried about this as temperatures continue to rise on Earth. They are trying to do something about it. One of the more popular suggestions to help solve the issue is to limit car usage. I know, it seems pretty bizare due to the fact that some towns, such as my own, do not have everything citizens need within a walking distance. Benefically, "stores are being placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway.(Rosenthal 6)". It is thought that it will "drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes...Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some areas of the United States (Rosenthal 5)". People also are not putting forth an effort to help decrease the pollution by buying hybrids, instead they buy Diesels. Diesel gas has more pollutants then regular gasoline.

Safety is another reason to reduce car usage. Think about it, if pedestrians reduced their car usage by 50 percent the percentage of car accidents would also decrease. This could save many people's lives; animals as well. Rosenthal said, "Cities could become denser, and better for walking", which also makes it safer. To go along with saving lives lets mention health. Americans are getting more and more unhealthy and overweight. It is a rising problem in our country. Many people die from it everyday; obesity can be stopped. One way to lose weight and get in shape is exercise. Imagine how much better shape Americans would be in if we actually had to walk to the grocery store or McDonald's. It would make us think "do we really need that?". Those extra burned calories count, sitting in a car does not burn many calories.

Traffic jams are aggravating to most people, with the decreasing number of car owners time is being saved. There is less traffic. Andrew Selsky studied car-free day in Bogota, and he stated "rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic(28)", this means time is being saved and people are getting to their destinations faster. Another idea was said by Carlos Arturo Plaza "it's a good opprotunity to take away stress...(Selsky 24)". Congestion stresses everyone out, whether running on time, running late or just taking a leisurely drive. It makes everyone stress. Congestion actually decreased 60 percent in Paris (Duffer 14). Heidrun Walter also said "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way."

Limiting car usage helps a number of problems throughout the globe, such as to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions, improve safety, and even improve your health (Rosenthal 43). You may wonder what other ways are there for you transport to the places you need to go. You could walk, jog, hike, bike, skate, or take public transportation. There are so many options and you have the opprotunity to meet new people and exercise if you're having a busy day. America should try it out just for a day and see what it leads to.    