I am for the development of driverless cars. For some, driving is not their strong suit and a system like this would help out a lot of people. Most car car crashes result from people lacking the ability to drive well. These driverless cars can help people who might have had too much to drink, people who are not good at driving, and many more types of people that drive. Not everyone will want this system in their car so it should be an option for the driver if they want to drive or not.

If these driverless cars are safe and can function well, then there will be less accidents and driving would be one less problem for people to worry about.

If there are going to be smart cars then there needs to be smart roads as well. "General Motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track. The track was embedded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car. Engineers at Berkeley tried something similar, but they used magnets with alternating polarity as messages in binary code. These smart-road systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive." This passage shows the reader that this smart-road system could work because it worked in the past. The only problem is that it is an expensive system. In the future money can be made to make this system a reality. Google modified a Toyota Prius with a sensor system. "The most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof. Dubbed LIDAR, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings. The combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel." This shows the reader tha the car can have the skills of a human driver and that there is a way to make driverless smart cars. This same system can be used for future driverless cars.

I am for the development of driverless cars. Driverless cars can make life easier for many people. There are smart car systems that can very possibly be used in the future that can make these driverless smart cars a reality. This idea should be used in the future and can totally change that world we live in.   