In the recent years the state of the country has been a major issue. The enviornment is a growing concern and the econmic condition of the citizens is a pressing matter. One way the alliviate the stress on these factors is to limit car use. Doing so will help the enviornment by limiting greenshouse immisions, and not having a car all together or limiting car use will save money for those who are econmicly weak. Limited car use would alliviate all these problems.

The enviornment houses us along with everything that supplies us with the means to live. In recent years that has been under attack by pollution. Acording to Robert Duffer one of the major issues of Paris, France is the increasing smog and pollution that has decended upon the city. The level of pollution rivaled the most polluted cities in the world: Beijing China. In order to combat the smog French officals have placed a ban on drving, and for those that chose to disobey recived a fine. The smog then cleared up to allow the ruling French party to rescind the ban. This should be an example for highly poluted areas everywhere. Not only does this perserves the enviornment but it also takes the health and well being of citizens into account.

The limited use of cars would help those who are finacialy weak to strengthen themselves, because not having to use money to pay for the expenses of a car would leave you money to take care of other necessities. Elisabeth Rosenthal wrote that in some German suburbs there is 70% of the people residing there that do not have cars. And there is only a few places where they can be parked, and for the places that allow parked must be purchased for 40,000 dollars, along with a house. Just not having a car itself would be much more affordable! 57% of the people who live in that suburban area sold their cars to move there. As shown by Rosenthal's report, not having a car would prove to be more econmicaly sound and benifital especially to those who are struggling.

There are many advantages to the limiting of the usage of cars. For one thing it aids the enviornment by adding less pollutants into the air, which harm the enviornment and the people in it. Also people that use their cars less save money, which would benifit those whoa rent in the best possible econmic situation. Many say that limiting the use of acars would prevent many from going to work, school and other obligagtions, but there are other means of transportaion including bikes, buses, subways and monorails. Think of the disadvantages to excessive car use, high pollution, expensive expenses such as gasoline and maintence of the car. Limited car use would remove all these burdens.    