One of a childs happiest days is when school is over and its time for summer break. Some schools believe that teachers should give their students summer projects during the break to assure their learning. However, schools should let students design their own summer projects because of fun and diversity.

Summer projects should be student designed because of the fun students can have while doing it. Students get to explore things and places and tell you all about it. They can collect rocks and shells from different beaches all around the world. Even write about the types of erosion they observed while visiting different canyons around the globe. Furthermore, they get to display their own interests throughout their work. Can tell you about the different types of acidic and base foods they cooked with. Explain the different types of paints used in the picture they created, the possibilities are endless. Students get to have fun while exploring things they enjoy for summer projects.

Summer projects should also be student designed because of the diversity teachers get. Not every project is going to be the same therefore getting to learn more about the student themselves. Having diversity means that students can express themselves more on things they may like and enjoy. One student may enjoy surfing while the other enjoys canoeing and the teacher gets to experience both throughout their work. In addition, the diverse work may cause less cheating because its each students own experience. Set work curriculum can cause a student to just copy another students work and change a few things not assuring any learning over the break. Students get express themselves through their work letting teachers get a better understanding of them and giving the teacher a diverse workload causing less cheating.

In conclusion, over the summer projects should be student designed because of the fun students may have and the diversity that the teacher may get. Students get to tell you about their own interests and have fun while doing so. They also get to have diverse work causing each others work to be different causing making less cheating possibilities and allowing the teacher to get to understand the student more.