School today went by as slow as a snail, but as soon as I took the last step off my bus home, I raced down my street to see the answer I had been waiting for the whole day: If I made it into the Spanish Immersion Specialty center or not. The thrill of the answer made my legs move even faster, so fast that I bolted into the house as quick as lightning, and straight to the kitchen counter where the taunting envelope had been sitting. My family joined me to see what would be revealed inside the envelope as I carefully removed the paper that had been surrounding the letter. "I got in!" I happily shouted. All of that worrying was for nothing. But eventually, my brother came up to me, and asked,"You're not actually going to do the Spanish Immersion program, are you?" I was confused. I didn't realize his opinion on the program was really different from mine. "Why wouldn't I?" I responded. "I don't know, it just seems kind of dumb to me. Also you have to take math in Spanish, and it's already hard enough in English. If I were you I wouldn't do it." he told me. He began to walk away, as I wondered "Is this the best thing for me? Maybe he's right. I guess I was all excited just to be in the program that I didn't realize all the challenges I would have to face." I thought to myself. My Mom made the program seem like a walk in the park, but now by brother is saying it's going to be more difficult than that, which has really changed my opinion about the program. I now think that receiving advice from different people is important because different people are going to have different points of views of the topic, asking only one person might not give me the right advice, and I think the more advice people give me the more strongly I can be sure of a future decision.

First off, I think receiving advice from multiple people is important because everyone is going to have different points of views on the same topic. I would like to start off by saying that no one is the same, therefore receiving as much advice as I can from multiple types of people is going to be more beneficial for my decision than to just hear it from only one person. Plus, their reasoning of why I should or shouldn't say yes to this decision might be not as good as some other reasons I could receive. No one's advice is going to be completely perfect, but it's best to hear from them to see what they think the wise decision would be. Also, no one has the same experiences, so while one person may believe this because of their experiences, another could think the completely opposite because of what they have been through. All I'm saying is many people believe in different things and that is okay because as humans, we are all different from one another.

Secondly, I believe asking more people for advice is the more beneficial thing to do because asking one person may not give me the advice I need. For instance, if I had just asked my mom about the Spanish Immersion program, she would obviously encourage me to go because she doesn't know what it's actually going to be like, but my brother on the other hand, speaks from a regular high school student's perspective and is telling me I shouldn't go. Both of their advice helps me see the pros and cons of the program. If I had only asked one of them, I would only see the pros, or I would only see the cons. Asking one person is a mistake because I will only see their perspective, which their perspective may not be right for someone. They're are many people out in the world who can help out with advice, so don't be afraid to ask!

Lastly, I think it is important to seek out more advice from people because it can help a person be sure of the decision they're going to choose. Making certain choices can be really difficult and confusing at times, but having people there helping me out with this decision is the greatest gift somebody could ask for. Their help with my decision makes me see the different parts of the program, which helps make the best choice for me. Advice is extremely important because it has a big factor in decision making. Hearing about someone's past experiences with a job, or a certain company can really help put a decision in perspective. If I ever need help with another big choice, I'll be making sure to ask for advice again because receiving opinions on a certain subject can really be substantial for a choice.

To sum everything up, seeking out opinions from other people can really influence our choices in a good way. That's why I think receiving advice from different people is important because everyone has different points of view on a topic, asking only one person may not give me the advice I need, and the more advice people give me the more I can be sure of a choice I make. Big decisions can be hard to make. Asking people for thier input on what they think I should do should never be a scary thing to do; in fact, I think being asked for advice in general would make the person being asked feel proud because someone is coming to them for help. In the future, the best way to make a certain choice is to base it around other's advice.                                                                                                                  