Driverless cars would be useful and should continue to be developed because they would be potentially safer, more efficient, and help drivers by making driving a less intensive and dangerous activity.

Driverless cars would be safer then current cars. One way this woud be true is because many driverless (and current with-driver cars) have features that allow them to sense danger in traffic. For example, as stated in paragraph 7, it is shown that BMW is developing a car that can steer, accelerate, and brake. Even though the cars are not completely driverless, further development of the cars could possibly fix these issues. Driverless cars may also be able to find each other via GPS to avoid collisions.

Driverless cars could be possibly more efficient than current cars. For example, a driverless car with a GPS could possibly find the quickest and most fuel-efficient route to a destination. Another thing driverless cars may be able to do more efficiently is determine the best way to save gas or prevent wear and tear to the car on a case by case basis. For example, a car with a smart computer may be able to decide whether it is more fuel efficient to turn off the engine or leave it running, depending on the amount of time it will be left idle. To combat wear and tear, a driverless car may be able to accurately determine the best distance and amount of time to brake to keep the damage to tires and brakes as low as possible.

Driverless cars could make driving less dangerous and intensive for drivers. Currently, drivers must keep their eyes on the road and have full awareness of everything going on around them to drive safely. A driverless car with safety features similar to the ones described in paragraphs 7 and 8 would allow the driver to not worry as much about what is going on around them. This may allow them to do other work or concentrate on something else, like children in the car.

Driverless cars would generally be a good thing to continue researching and developing, as they would make driving safer, more efficient, and less intensive for drivers.