Have you ever had to ask multiple people for advice? When you are wanting help for advice to make a choice, asking more than one person for their opinions, will help influence you to make the right choice. When it comes to to making that decision, asking multiple people it gives you a better chance to narrow down your options, and helps make you focus on the selfless way to look at your choices.

Once you ask multiple people for their advice then there will be less stress on your shoulders. When you do others will be telling your their opinions, and their way at looking at your options. When looking at your options from a different stand point you will be able to think using a different mind set, so you can figure out the best options and know what not to choose. Once you've narrowed down your options you can continue to look at your choices in many different view points until you have found the best option.

When asking more than one person, their minds will not be thinking or the more selfish options since the choices will not benefit them in anyway. Since it will not be benefiting them their thoughts won't be influenced by the selfish options that if they were in that position they would choose. So for them to have selfless thoughts your choices should not benefit them in anyway. So once you ask the right person their minds will not tend to think on a selfish level and will be trying to makes the better choice for the greater good. Instead of when you would've been making the choice, your mind would tell itself this benefits me more so in the end that would most likely be your final decision.

While asking multiple people you will most likely pick the choice with the majority votes. So when you ask your friends if your shirt matches or not, say three out of four say it matches and looks good. You will mostly continue to wear that shirt, since the majority likes it. Since you asked multiple people about your shirt you can wear it knowing it matches, instead of second guessing yourself. So when asking more than one person about a decision, you can find out what the majority likes so making your decision will be done for you making it easier for yourself.

Now when you a faced with a decision will you start asking multiple people for their opinions so you know the best option? If you do not you might end up making a selfish decision, that could make others upset. So keep in mind you should always ask for help on making a decision. Having other opinions in mind gives you a better thought process, so you will end up having different stand points which can help you make to better decision in the end.                                                                                                                                                                                