" Phones & Driving "

Have you ever really asked yourself how bad or life-threatening, texting while driving actually is? What about; actually analyzing whether it should/or shouldn't be legal or illegal for people to use their phones while driving? If you haven't already, let's take this time to thoroughly examine and /or analyze this controversial topic. Some people argue that texting while driving should be allowed because; they most likely haven't yet been in an accident while they were texting and driving. Others argue that it shouldn't be allowed for the sole reason that it is: deadly, life-threatening and scary.

Imagine being in (a) / your car doing your daily task; driving/ or going to school, work, or to run errands and suddenly you get hit from the back, the front, or the side by another car, who hit you because they were irresponsible enough to be on their phones while they were driving... traumatizing experience to even think about right? I don't know about you, but most people would agree with the most logical decision that would not only benefit but also insure our safety a little more. Research made; shows various reports that claim that, this year there has been close to '4,000 deaths' due to the distracted drivers. That's a crazy number don't you think? It's actually even been higher than that at one point. Pretty sad, I know.

Now, put yourself in the opposite position; you're the driver who so irresponsibly and recklessly is using their phone while driving... you're thinking it's no big deal to check your phone for a "quick minute" 'while the light's on red' or you're at a "driving stopping point". Then comes the part where the car in front of you, brakes and since you're too busy on your phone you don't notice and continue driving hitting the car in front of you, causing impact to both cars. This one reckless mistake can make you cause not only your life but someone else's. That one careless decision can either take your life or make you continue living a life with regrets, sadness, and trammua. Most people wouldn't bear such experience.

I know what you're thinking now; you're probably saying something to yourself like:

"ugh. I've heard that many times but it hasn't happened to me, because I'm not that reckless and I pay good attention" but, how would you feel knowing that the odds aren't that low??? The odds of an accident happening due to using your phone while driving are insanely high, majority of the people would consider minimizing those chances by simply not using phones while driving, for the SAKE of your life, and our lives! If making it illegal to use or phones' while driving, is what it takes to keep us safe on the road and would also minimize the death rates due to 'phones and driving', then so be it, right?

We all want to live a longer and healthier life, so we can all agree that keeping/ or making the usage of our phones while driving illegal, is the best choice. In life there are only so many things we can do to prevent our deaths, that if we have the opportunity /or the solution, then we should take it and act upon it. You can always use your phone just wait those 30 minutes or however long it's going to take you because that phone and those messages, videos etc., will always be there but you can't bring a life back, you can't take that one mistake back, you can't fix things but you prevent these things. So...'stay off the phone and just look at the road'!!!      