Some schools require students to complete summer projects as a way to make sure they are still learning during their time off. To some students this sounds not ideal because if their getting a break from school then why would they want still be responsible for school work. While others may like keeping their mind stimulated while they are on break. Even in both cases the projects being required should be able to be student-designed projects. Most students like having a choice of assignments or work so they can pick whats best suited for them and their strengths. The student-design offers more to the student then the teacher-design because the students are the ones who have the greater idea on what they are doing. Student-designed projects would get the students more interested in the projects which then more students would complete the assignment in its entirety.

Being interested in a particular subject or idea would most likely increase the effort and time you put in to what pertains to the subject. Even thought its during the summer more students would complete a assignment that appeals to their interests rather then a standard project that teachers have assigned for years. For example if a student who likes Rap or Hip-Hop music is assigned to a research paper about all the major wars that the United States fought in they might not feel an appeal to do the project or at least not put in a lot of effort in ; if that same student was allowed to research the same topic but create is own song or rap about it would increase the interest about the project and the effort put in. There would be guidelines and rules about how the student can complete the assignment and the subject matter but as a overall the project would be student design based. Although some students might not have a preference on any type of assignment or if the teacher assigns everyone one universal project most would use their interest to create a project they would enjoy doing. Letting student summer projects be student-design would increase the interest in the project.

Students are going to to what they want in most cases so making the summer projects student design based will help have larger completion rate of projects. If what a student is being told to do is not something they agree with they will most likely not do it or turn it in or halfway complete it so it is not to its full potential. However if a choice is given or if the project is student design based it will more likely get done and done well. As an example if the teacher design based project was a four page paper then more then likely people are not going to do it because writing is not their personal strong suit, but if their was a choice of a four minute video project about the same same topic it gives student who have different abilities to excel just as much as others in their own personal way. While the student design will increase the amount of students who do the project their will always be students who just don't do it but at least for the students who do it, a bigger outlet is given so they can complete it in a way they they can understand or what they excel in. The student design gives student a bigger window so it can help them complete the assignment and have it done well.

Student-designed projects would get the students more interested in the projects which then more students would complete the assignment in its entirety. The projects assigned are ultimately for the benefit of the student in the long run so having the assignment be student based would greater benefit the student. Some think that since the teachers are mastered in their subject matter it should be a teacher design based project but then the student might feel smothered or boxed in by how they feel about the whole project in general which would be doing the opposite of benefiting the student. A student design based project would be the best way for the student so succeed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     