People are always interested in looking in the future. Now, driverless cars are becoming more interesting to people. Yes , they do have negative aspects, but they are a great idea. This will help deduct nearly half of the usage of fuel we use today, a bigger help on the public transportation buisness, and is a new fun way for drivng, so people will be interested in buying these cars.

Today, we use so much amout of fuel. This is bad because one day the supply will run out. These smart cars are a great way to help save fuel and save money. In the article it says, " the cars he foresees would use half of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus". With a regular car you would continously pay for gas, but with the smart car, its great on gas.

With the help of these driverless cars, public transportation will be so much better. The article states, " a future with a pulic transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public-transport taxi system". With the help of these transportation systems, people could save money by not having to buy a car or having to waiste money on gas. Also, they are more flexible than just riding the bus. It can take you directly where needed and back to where you came from. This would be a great help.

Though these cars are expensive to make, its a fun way to drive and safe. This means people will be interested in getting a car that drives its self. This is not only giving the buisness money so they can make more vehicles, but its making a drivers life a little more easier. It says " we have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. some manufactueres hope to do that by bringing in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays" This allows the person to be entertained which will satisfy them with their car, but it will notify you when you need to take over the driving.

The smart car brings both benefits and negative aspects but there are many great ideas and things these cars may bring. They help with public transportion, the usage of fuel, and the car makes the people interested in buying it which helps bring money into the economy and buisnesess. These cars will "fundamentally change the world" as said in the article. It is a great idea and people are looking forward to better models of a self driving car.                               