You wake up one morning and you think about how when you first learned how to drive, you actually had to drive by yourself. There wasn't anyone or anything doing it for you. Times have changed and now you have something to help you drive, a driverless car. Sounds so futuristic, like something you saw in a cartoon when you were younger, right? Well, as you can tell from the passage "Driverless Cars Are Coming", driverless cars are going to become a thing regardless of what you think. It might not be soon, but it is coming one day. They might make a huge impact to where every family has a driverless car or a small impact to where only the rich can afford it.

I do think that driverless cars are something that might take over the whole world one day, and it might not be a horrible thing. Driverless cars are more of a safty percaution in the way it is set up, rather than just you sitting in a car not paying attention. You will still have control over the car, but you do not have to be in control the whole time. That is what I think is so great about them, you don't have to worry about not having control of the car. The sensors in the car can detect when danger might occur, and when that happens, the car starts to warn the driver. All though, there are still many bugs and flaws with the cars, they oviously need to get more into the laws and liabilties and how that will all work out.

Overall, I just really think that even if driverless cars aren't that big of a hit, it would be sort of like symbol to represent the time peirod of inovation and creation. Just thinking about how far technology is going really blows my mind. I would have never thought to belive that cars like this would be on the market in my lifetime. That is just so crazy. The times have clearly changed. I just cannot wrap my head around the idea, epecially when I can remember a time when casset players where still in cars. Driverless cars honestly sound very safe and helpfull, especially for young drivers. Having that extra support can really prevent accidents from happening. 