Asking for more gets you more. If you ask for advice than you need more than one mind . For example If you work together you can get what you seek for. Asking for advice has more wisdom in it, and the more information the better the advice. Without asking you can not get a lot of things done in life. There are so many ways to get what you want the more you put effort in the better the results will be.

To add on to get the best advice you need to work together and because of that you can get the wisest and smartest advice. Working together gets a lot of things accomplished you can learn a lot form each other and your group can fix your mistakes. Working together is more effect than working by your self, because some people have more wisdom or some people are smarter and all combine you can get the best advice. Seeking for advice from people is like reading books the more books you read the more knowledge you get. If you do not ask people or work together than you will be lost in life for example when you go some were new and if you are lost you can ask people were the directions are. Thats the same thing with asking others for advice.

Also one thing is that wisdom can make a lot of things better in life. It can help you with more than you wish for, another thing is that the more wisdom the better the results will be. Asking people for advice can give you a lot of wisdom and the more you ask the more your advice will be. Wisdom is a key in life just by saying a couple of words can give a lot of influences thats why its important to talk to others so the advice they give to you can be better than the one you made.

Another thing is without information you can not get simple things done in life, but with a lot of information than you can get a lot of things done in life. Talking to more than one person is better, the reason why is because you are seeking advice and you are also getting more information. With a lot of information the advice will become better because than the advice will have some knowledge in it. When you do something wrong and you can fix it and then you will learn from it which will get you information. Same thing with people all over the world they make mistakes and they fix it. So in conclusion the people who have done a lot of things in there lives are the smartest ones with the best advice to give out. One thing is that books and humans are similar. You can't know the information without opening the book or talking to the person, sometimes it might be good or it might be horrible, but the more you go through the more infromation/advices you will get.

To sum it all up talking to more than one person is better than doing it alone. The more people the more knowledge the more knowledge the more wisdom. Talking to more than one person is helpful when you are stuck on something you can ask others for help or when you are buying something you can ask others which one is the best choice and then you can learn from that person. Having wisdom in life helps a lot, and to have wisdom you must have information from others by asking. I believe that asking more than one person can be really helpful in life you can learn a lot from it and get to know more people and asking is a cycle of life you will end up helping someone like you in the future. 