Have you ever wondered what school would be like if you were given the opportunity to attend classes from home? Some schools around the world offer advanced technological opportunities such as online or video conferencing. Students all around would benefit from online classes because its comfortable, convenient, and helps expand technology skills.

It is not an unknown fact that humans enjoy being comfortable, however this is not a privilege for those in school as individuals are expected to stay seated for eight or more hours in uncomfortable seats. Online or video conferencing gives students the opportunity to have a comfortable and safe learning environment. This is especially helpful to those who get distracted easily by others, or those who prefer to be isolated than in a large class. Students are able to focus and have an improved mood which will aid them in getting work done. Not only that, but students are not limited to their homes and they able to adjust their learning environment to the library or as they prefer. Students would benefit from online classes due to it being comfortable.

Online or video conferencing is convenient for students all around. Students nowadays are stressed and overworked; some having jobs that work into the night, combined with schoolwork and no room for sleep. Individuals that are able to take classes from home have the ability to work around their schedule. This helps benefit students by allowing them to balance out their lives. Those who use online classes will be more rested, focused, and willing to learn. This also teaches students time management and responsibility, as everything gets rested on their shoulders. Individuals benefit from online classes due to its convenience.

Advanced technological opportunities like online or video conferencing are not only comfortable and convenient, but improve technology skills. Intentional or not, students who use online or video conferencing are bound to improve their technology skills. This is a resourceful practice that will be useful for those students in the long run. Many jobs these days require some form of basic computer skills and knowledge. These students would be ahead of their competitors by having the following: being able to convert to PDF files, turning in online projects, recording projects on one device and transferring it to the computer, recording podcast for projects, improved typing and critical thinking skills. Those who attend online classes would benefit by acquiring advanced technological skills that would set them above their peers.

Those who attend online classes have a beneficial and comfortable learning environment than those who attend school in person. Online or video conferencing is available and convenient for all students as it helps balance out the individuals life and work school around their busy schedule. Advanced technological opportunities such as providing students with online classes, ultimately benefits the students as they acquire technological skills that set them above everyone else. Providing students with the option of online classes benefits the students by setting them up for success through comfortable learning, convenience, and skill-based learning that is grasped through advanced technology.  