THere has been quite a lot of recent talk of which the national government should keep the Electoral COllege, or change to an election by popular vote for the president of the UNited states. "The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by congress"(Source 1: What is the Electoral College? by the office of the federal register). IT has been established by the founding fathers to make a compromise between popular vote and election vote in congress. Popular representation is a vote for qualified citizens to take an individual vote cast to the state which then is transfered to a representative whole. Thre are many good effects this popular representation has on the country, but the Denator should keep the Electoral College without a shout of a doubt.

one of the most important reasons we should keep the electoral college process is that in this process, states pay much more attention to the electors due to having swing states. the people who decide on our president should be most intrigued and the most concerning ones. "Voteres in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign - to really listen to the competeing candidates- knwing htat theu are going to decide the election(in defense of the electoral college: five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president, by richard a. posner, subtitle Swing States)".  MAny voters that are in swing states, which are stated that cast the majority of votes in the system with higher amounts of population, therefore congress representatives.

another reason why the gov shouyld keep the elctoral college is because  it resorts unwanted balance.  "there is no pressure for run-off elections when no candidtate wins a mojority of the votes casy; that pressuire mwhich would greatly cvomplicate the presidental election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably produces a clear winner" so what this quote from the passage is saying is that no candidate recieves a majority if the votes cast, due to each states fair rep of the population without being overwhlemded by the most populated states such as florida, california, and trexas. While you may believe that the popular representaion vote may be overwhelmingkly more accurate to the people wants , you are wrong. the electoral college is a processs in whic hgives the people wants in a state to an elector who then gives yiou an equal chance onf voting for what youo pleased. he may be the "biggest" or "smallest" amount of electoral votes, but as a state in a whole yu may recieve a big surprise that there is no clear winner as each [president may not be just familiat with one region such as the north east, or the southwest, etc.

so as you can see, the government should keep an electoral colllge process instead of the popular representation vote. it would be greatly appreciated to the United States People who may be under informed of how grest an oppurtunity for an idea such as this to vome up, or they might be over informed of fallicy iinformatio  of our election process now. either way, theyu should know what a great process this is    