How would you feel if you had to do an extracurricular activity even if you were already busy during the school week? Our principle has decided that it is mandatory for all students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Some kids might like the idea of playing a sport or joining yearbook club because they have a lot of free time or they like participating in extracurricular activities. But others might feel like they are already to busy after school with homework taking up their free time or they might want to use their free time to relax and reset themselves for the next day. If students were required to do at least one extracurricular activity then some students would not have time to do homework, students might not be passionate about participating in any of the extracurricular activities offered, and they would not be able to take a break from the stressful school atmosphere.

Extracurricular activities can take up a lot of time which means less time for students to do homework. Sports can be two to four hours long everyday after school making it so students are forced to do their homework late in the night when they really should be in bed asleep preparing their brains for the next day of work. Some extracurricular activities like band require students to participate in concerts which end late at night giving students no time to do their homework at all. Other kids might take longer to do homework because they like to take their time or they are struggling in their school subjects. If those students were forced to do an extracurricular activity their grades might drop dramatically because they don't have the amount of time they need to do their homework after school. If extracurricular activities were required then students would not have any time to do their homework.

Extracurricular activities are fun for some, but not for all. Some students might want to join the football team or organize pep rallies, but others might not to want to do anything school related that they don't have to do. Extracurricular's like yearbook club require a lot of focus and passion for the amount of effort it takes. I doubt that the person running an extracurricular activity would want a student participating in their club that doesn't want to put forth any effort in what they are doing. If students are not passionate about the extracurricular activity they are taking, then they are just wasting the time of the people that are actually putting effort into the activity. Students should not be required to take an extracurricular activity because it takes effort that some students are not willing to give.

Some students might feel that extracurricular activities relieve their stress and allow them to relax, but other students feel the complete opposite way. Extracurricular activities can cause stress by not giving students a break from the school atmosphere. Extracurricular's like art or even sports might seem like they can give students a break from school, but art and sports take up time for students to do individual activities during the week. Some students need breaks from the school atmosphere because it's packed, you have no time to yourself, and some of the students at school might not be very friendly to their fellow classmates. School atmospheres can be very stressful for some students and extracurricular activities would not give them the much needed break they need from it all.

Extracurricular activities may benefit others when it comes to participating in school activities, having fun, and filling up free time. Some students might like the idea of joining a sport or doing yearbook club. But some students may not want to participate in extracurricular activities, they may not think any of the activities are fun, and students just may not have the extra time to be able to participate in them. Some students don't think that joining a sport or yearbook club would be fun, or they just don't have the time. Extracurricular activities should be optional because students need to be able to have time for homework, students may not like any of the extracurricular's offered, and they need to be able to take a break from the school atmosphere.