I disagree with this.

Not everyone will have the time to do any of those things, or they just may not be interested in any of them.

People could agree to this and be interested in multiple of these activities, but they may have other important things to get done.

In my case, I would be fine with this idea because i love sports and that is something i'm interested in, but a lot of the time i have important things to get done at home.

This idea is still possible but not many people would agree with this.

When the last bell of the day rings, everyone wants to go home and enjoy their own time to themselves and do what they wanna do.

Students may also have work to make up thats important and could help their grade a lot.

So they would not be able to participate in any activities.

There are many reasons as to why this idea may or may not go so well.

There would only be a small amount of the school that would be able to do this, not everyone.

You cannot force a student to do something they do not wanna do.

I would agree with this idea if the students were given the option to participate in these activities, because then the students who have the time and are interested could participate.

A couple things that could help is to let the students know what type of activities are available and what time they start and end.

Another thing is, the students could be given the option to request a certain activity which would make a lot of students want to participate.

When it comes to the time, each activity could have its own time range instead of every activity starting the same time and ending the same time.

By doing this many more students are able to participate in these activities.

These are just my own personal suggestions that could help but they were not listed by the principal so i still disagree with this idea.

The one thing that must be changed in order for me to agree with this idea, is to make participating in these activities optional.

Not everyone is gonna wanna do this, they wanna go home and enjoy time to themselves.

Not everyone is gonna have the time, Some people have really important things they need to get done at home.

But there is still that small amount of the school that is interested and does have the time.

There are many things that can make this idea great.

There are many things that make this idea not so great.

Thats why there needs to be more options, more options will bring more students into the idea

But these options are not available.

If these suggestions were already provided by the principle i would agree, but they are not so i disagree with this idea.