In 1976, a natural landform that looks like a human face was photographed. IN 1998 and 2001, NASA took more pictures in higher quality. Some people believe that it is an alien artifact or a formation from an old civilization. For many reasons, it is not. One: From our knowledge, mars is unable to support life. Two: Aliens are scientifically unreasonable and myth. Three: It is just an abnormally shaped rock formation that plays with the light to create the illusion of a face. Huge accusations have to have huge evidence, and there is none.

Mars is not able to support life. There is minimal air, no water, no known food source, and it is dangerous with its extreme temperatures. If there was a civilization, when did they get there? How did they get there? Where are they now? If someone was there, then why don't we have any proof or even slight clues? There is no proof or evidence to support people living there. If they lived there, why did they create a huge '"face?" None of this adds up. Concluding that it was not man-made.

Aliens are not real. There is no solid evidence that aliens exist. UFO's, E.T., or any other alien concepts are irrational. If aliens are seen as supperior or more intelligent and thought of to know of and be capable of better, more complicated technology, then they may have been able to live on mars, but why? Why did they leave? And why did we not find any evidence of inhabitants. Aliens are irrational and have no proof of ever existing, they are as made up as magic.

All this is, is a well positioned rock that plays with your eyes and mind, so you think it looks like something it's not. Because of mars' unique atmosphere, weather, and terrain, the enevibility of the rock just being a rock are very high. There are craters on the moon, and we don't think they're aliens. They are simply part of the moon. Wind, erosion, weather, and heat are all familiar terms. Yet, when they exlplain something, we jump right to the confusing concepts that have no proof, no explaination, and no possible positive outcome.

Today's society loves over-exagerating the importance of some things. This causes us to overthink and make irration conclusions that bear no resemblance to the problem. The "Face on Mars" is cold hard rock that was sloppily carved by nature, not humans. If NASA thought anymore of it, we'd be out there right now looking for the aliens, but we are not. This is, because it is an abnormally shaped rock.