I do not agree with the idea of completey driverless cars. I feel that it is way to dangerous for the people inside the car and the people around the car, escpecially if people are asleep inside the car when something goes wrong. If there is even the slightest malfunction while a person is not concious, if a sensor goes out, then it could cause an accident and possibly lead to injury or death. I like that most states have banned the testing of computer driven cars, there are still a few that have not including: California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia. What if there are accidents like said in the passage, who is held accountable? I think it is best to just stay away from the driverless cars.

In the passage, the cars that are being tested are not completely driverless yet. The passage said that the car can only do so much without a human, if there are accidents and work zones on the road then it needs a human to control it. According to the passage, General Motors has been working on things to get the driver's attention when the car needs a human, they have been developing driver's seats that will vibrate if in danger. Some of the other options that companies have considered is to have flashing light on the windshield and some other heads-up displats. Another option is the idea where they have cameras watching the driver so that they know whether or not the driver is focused on the road.

My favorite part is that most states have the testing of computer driven cars banned, with a few that have not budged yet. I think this is a great idea because if it wasn't banned or made illegal then companies and manufacturers would be testing it everyone and possibly causing accidents. If a malfunction were to happen while a manufacterer was testing the car there is no idea on what could happen especially if they do not have a human in the car. The car could swerve off of the road and hit someone or crash into a building and explode! I hope that California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia come around and ban the testing too.

I believe that there shouldn't be driverless cars, there are to many things that can go wrong during a test of it. Even if manufacterers believe that they have everything fixed with the car and release it to the public, one of the sensors could go out and your car would lose sight on that side of the car. I believe it is best that we all stay away from the production of driverless cars, especially given how many things can have a malfunction.       