Imagine a world with less vehicles, due to a restriction on vehicle usage (And when I say "restriction", I use the term loosely, as I don't mean completely banishing automobiles, just limiting their usage). That means less hassle and less hurry, although some would argue; Some would say that it would be a great inconvienience to limit vehicle use; However there are many advantages that would come with it. Many places around the globe have already began to limit motor vehicle usage, and they have found that there are many benefits in doing so. According to an article called "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" by

Elisabeth Rosenthal

, Vauban, Germany has already begun to give up their vehicles. Do you know why this is such a good idea? Well, first of all, it would bring a vast reduction to pollution and decrease the the amount of the greenhouse-effect in the atmosphere, causing a healthier environment for everyone. Also, there would be less fatalities caused by car accidents. Not only that, but most people would be saving a lot of money that is usually spent on fuel for their vehicle.

Many regions suffer from nasty, polluted air called smog that is very unhealthy to inhale, especially when people have to take a breath of it every second of every day. Smog is a form of pollution caused by intense carbon emissions. In an article called "Paris bans driving due to smog" by

Robert Duffer,

they began to fine people for using thier vehicles on certain days to prevent and decrease smog. Probably the most significant effect; limiting vehicle usage reduces pollution given off from gasoline and diesel engines through a vehicle's tailpipe, drastically decreasing the amount of carbon emissions, which would lower the greenhouse-effect in the atmosphere, including smog, causing a healthier environment for every species to enjoy.

Many injuries and deaths caused by car accidents occur ever day; innocent civilians walking or riding a bicycle and families with children in a car get killed in vehicle accidents all the time. This could be avoided. Adding limits to driving could save many lives; less fatalities due to accidents, perhaps drastically decreased injury and death rates.

A lot of people would save money that they usually spend on fuel for their vehicles.

Some people drive to work and spend half the money they earned that day on gasoline. If people carpooled, walked, rode a bike, or used public transportation, they would not spend so much of their money on gas.

As I have explained, there are many positive effects on society from limiting car usage. Pollution reduction, avoided deaths or injuries, and money saving are all very good reasons to change our ways of transportation. So, why not?                                                                            