We make decisions everyday, whether its what to eat for breakfast or a bigger decision like asking somebody on a date. People often consult other people such as their friends, family, and trusted adults before making a decision on something. We do this because getting multiple opinions can help us make the right choice by giving us a broader perspective on the situation. Some people may be biased if the question at hand involves them too, which is why it is good to get advice from different people. If you decide to ask your closest friend and no one else for advice about something, you may not get the best information because that one person might not have all the details or knowledge about it. Overall asking multiple people for advice instead of just one can help you make a better choice.

Asking a single individual and nobody else can be a handicap because you wont have multiple inputs on the situation and you may be unable to make the best decision. According to a study 23% of people who ask one and only one person for advice end up making a decision they later regret. By asking multiple people you can get a variety of inputs that may help you to make the best choice or pick the best option given to you. There is a 27% chance that when asking five persons for advice on a topic or situation they will have had to make the same or similar choice, which in turn, can give you information on what or what not to do.

Having a few different points of view can aide in deciding the best way possible.

Bias is something that can affect a situation for the worse by giving an opinion that benefits one party or person in the situation. People may cover up or hide their bias to make it look like they are giving an answer from a neutral standpoint. When making a big decision in life it is important when getting advice to avoid getting a single biased answer by consulting more than one person. You may not realize it, but by only getting the opinions of people that you think will agree with you or give you the response you want is a biased way of getting advice, to help move away from that, try and get opinions from people that you are unsure of what their response will be. To make the best choice that is unbiased and overall a good decision asking more than one person is the best way.

Asking informed individuals is also very important when making decisions in life. Trying to get advice from someone that doesn't know much about the subject or situation is like asking an animal for directions. Without prior or current knowledge about the decision to be made the advice they may or may not give will be uninformed and unhelpful. Over 53% of people have had similar decisions they have had to make about any topic. By seeking multiple opinions you have a higher chance of getting advice from someone who experienced the same thing as you and had to make the same or similar decision. As a result of getting more than one opinion you can get the most informed advice to make the best decision possible.

Seeking more than one opinion can result in the best advice. You can broaden your perspective on the situation by getting differing points of view.

the possibility of biased advice is greatly lessened because you have different pieces of advice. Getting informed opinions is much easier as a result of getting many different opinions.

Decisions are made everyday, but to make the best ones we have to consult more than one person.