What was the hardest decision you ever had to make? Do you ever regret that decision now? Reflecting back, do you wish you could go back in time, and ask someone for advice? When people ask for advice, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. First, you get more of a variety of answers, and more opinions. Second, other people will see the situation differently, and they could see it more clearly then you do. Finally, once you talk about this situation that you need advice for, it usually becomes much easier to handle. Would you rather fight a war with soldiers on your side, or face it alone?

When you ask more than one person for advice, you get more of a variety of answers, and opinions. Just yesterday, I was asking my mom if I should buy a off-white water bottle, or a pale-blue one, for lacrosse. She said pale-blue, but after I asked her, I asked my friend Generic_Name, and she said off-white, so thats the one I got. We as a world full off homo-sapions are all different, my mom for example is 44, but my friend Generic_Name is the same age as me (13). What I am trying to emphasize here is that, the more different the person is, the more likely you are going to get more of a variety of answers. Asking different kinds of people is important because even though my mom may not be up to date with the current style, she is more mature, and has much more experience. On the other hand, I almost value Generic_Name's opinion more because we are very similar, the same age, and extremely close. Each persons perspective is different, and asking more than one person for advice, could really help you make the right decision.

Other people do not think the same way you do, so other people will see the situation differently. Our thoughts are as different, as dogs are to cats. Hypothetically, if you were to ask your friends and family for advice, they would all have different answers for you, and some may see the situation more clearly than you do. You are 75% more likely to choose the right way to handle a situation if you ask people for advice, and talk about it! Even asking someone that is not part of the situation (they are not biased) can help you because they will just say what they think without knowing anyone they are talking about. Always be careful to ask people for advice that you like and trust. Overall, just asking someone for advice can help you a lot because everyone is different, and this could really help you.

Once you talk about the situation that you need advice for, it usually becomes much easier to handle. Discussing things can help you make the right decision, and once you talk about it, some of its weight gets taken off of you. That is why you should never keep your feelings bottled inside you. Over the summer last year, my cousin was trying to decide which college to go to, because she had been accepted to many of her top choices. She asked her mom, dad, friends, and myself. She was still very undecided when I talked to her, but we discussed it, and I made a pro and cons chart to help her. After we discussed it, she felt much more relaxed, and made her decision easily. Trust me, I have made too many bad decisions, just because I never talked about it with anyone.

In conclusion, when people ask for advice, seeking multiple opinions can really help someone make a better choice. Here are the reasons why you should seek multiple opinions: you get more of a variety of answers, and more opinions, other people will see the situation differently, and once you talk about this situation that you need advice for, it usually becomes much easier to handle. Now you've herd me talk for awhile about this, but my question to you is as follows. After hearing all this about asking more than one person and so on, when you think about the hardest decision you had to make, would you go back in time and change it?