These summer projects should be designed by students. Now, you're probably thinking to yourself "Why? Why should summer projects be designed by students instead of teachers? What reason makes a students choice and direction for the assignment more important than the teachers?" and that's a very important question to ask. The answer to this question (that you asked yourself) is a student-designed project can leave an impact. Yes, I'm going to type it two more times. A student-designed project can leave an impact. The main goal is for what you teach to stick, that's how I learn. That's how everyone learns. If the student won't think back to the project and remember what they spent a month learning, what's the point?

(Imagine this process is laid out like a flower. So far we have the idea of impact being represented by the center and top of the flower. While the petals that sprout out and around the center are the students.)

Each student learns differently. I myself like to be hands-on with things, I have a easier time comparing what we're learning to something mundane I did during the morning. I see the teacher designed-assignment as a hallway with a door at each end. While the student-designed assignment is a room with doors all over the place. This next word represents the seed in the previously mentioned flower simile. Choices, something we are all given everyday at every second in life. They matter a lot because I'm 99.9% sure that not every student in each class is the same. Each one is different. They all have different interests, hobbies, views and memories. So to give these students all the same type of assignment is unfair. One student might be exceptional and ace the project, knowing every in and out of the topic presented to them. While the one next to him won't be interested in the assignment at all. They'll lack the motivation to work. A few might not understand the project completely. They might have a hard time putting together what they know into these assignments. When they turn in the work, it won't show that they're learning even if they are. To many people these might seem like extremes or specific examples but, they're not. Plenty of students are like this. I'm one of them. Not always but, I can only put up with so much creative restriction. Now compare this to a student-designed assignment. I'm assuming we will all use the same rubric used for teacher-designed assignments. Changing the standards is a bit unfair but the materials to reach them, That's fine.

Now let's imagine we're taking a student-designed assignment. *

WHOOOSH*

Woah! DID YOU SEE THAT!? Those are all the choices that flew by. Here let's grab one. how about this? I have the choice of making my project about my vacation. Maybe I'll use my vacation stories to explain something in oceanography. I'll make a poster presentation and draw the visuals or use pictures I took on the trip. Let's say I hate the arts and crafts style. No poster! That's fine, I could choose to write an essay on the vacation. While reading, on the surface level it has nothing to do with the topic but by the end of the assignment It's the most perfect comparison ever made. Maybe I can turn that essay into a cardboard model with even more info and visuals to convey my message. So many possibilities for each and every student. These are the choices students can make if they are given them and these choices can be very creative and personal. Those two attributes make everything understandable and meaningful. (Think of them as water going up a two way stem leading the benefits of choice up towards the petals.) Especially something like a assignment in the summer. It's one thing to do work during the school year. Sure we have to do things we don't want to but, during the summer?! I mean, you're already pushing your luck when you ask me to do chores. All personal and silly comments aside, when something I dislike becomes easy to digest, simple to convey, extremely fun and meaningful. It's obvious we made the right choice altogether. Something was done correct.

That "something" was giving the student the responsibility of choice.

Now this is all great. No really, it is. I love the idea of everyone being able to have fun while working. Learning something new while also remembering it. Those are wonderful upsides. "well, what about downsides!?" you say. Oh my word! You're absolutely right! These types of decisions have some responsibility behind them, right!? What happens if the student doesn't know what to choose, what will he do? Maybe the student doesnt want to be creative or make the work they present personal. I mean just look at all these horrible issues. This student doesn't want to make it "easy to understand" cause they already understand it. It's very terrifying. I'll be honest with you, If that isn't a tragedy I dont know what is! Well worry no more! If your concerns are mentioned above I have some wonderful news. It doesn't matter. It really doesn't. You must not have been reading the hundreds of words I've been typing. The student has a choice. They can choose not to get personal with the writing they do. They don't have to be creative, although it doesnt hurt to be that way. If students are overwhelmed they can ask a classmate for help. They have the choice of not having to make a choice. (That's a bit meta.)

So It's time we finished growing are flower. We'll give it some sunlight to take a better look. A student-designed assignment can be helpful to all students even when they dont need it. By giving the students many choices to make the work they put out personal,reative,straightforward,simple and etc. . These choices and options given to them make the information they learned and the work they did more impactful. Which means a student-designed project can leave an impact. So for that reason these projects should be student-designed.