Summer projects have become a cultural norm within the school system. These projects have been created and mandated by the teachers. It can be vigorous and also very flexible depending on the teachers idea of what they believe you should do. Summer projects should be student designed because it allows kids to have more freedom, it keeps the students interested in their project, and allows for more flexibility within their project.

Summer projects should be student designed because it allows kids to have more freedom. Generic_Name, a student at Generic_School, completes vigorous sports and extra curricular activities during summer and, also has 5 different classes with summer assignments. Generic_Name has designed a workload that he can complete while leaving free time but, his teachers have designed summer projects that completely wipe out all his free time. Generic_Name should be able to design a summer project that works for his schedule and, should not be told by his teachers what to do on his only long term break from those teachers. Another student, named Generic_Name, wishes to be engaged during her time off but does not want the burden of having her summer break destroyed by teachers who try to maximize their workload during the time off. She wants to be able to create a project that minimizes her time learning but that keeps her engaged during the break so that she is ready to come back. By mandating what students do outside of school limits their freedom during a time where they should be on a break from school; This totally destroys the whole idea of summer being a break and a time to de-stress by constantly stressing students to finish summer projects. Students want freedom during the summer, this is why projects should be student designed.

Also, summer projects should be student designed because it keeps the students interested in their project. A 12th grade student, named Generic_Name, is being told by his teacher that he must read the book, the odyssey, during his summer break but, Generic_Name has no interest in that book what so ever. Students should have the ability to chose which book they read, if any. If a teacher tells a student they must read a novel over summer, they can choose a book that interests them so it makes it easier and, ultimately more fun for the student. A 9th grader, named Generic_Name is required to complete an 100 question math summer packet during her time off. She has AD/HD and struggles to stay focused for long periods of time, especially in things that do not interest her. By allowing her to complete online practice using a math app, it will keep her engaged and will allow her to make sure she is doing these problems correctly. Teachers mandating what students do and how they do it may interest the teacher but, a majority of the time, will bore the student and can actually lead to a regression in their skills. If students can design their own summer project that keeps them interested, it ultimately leads to more participation and effectiveness among students.

Furthermore, Summer projects should be student designed because it allows for more flexibility within their project. For example, Generic_Name, a student athlete, plays on one of the highest ranked women's lacrosse teams in the country, she has practice and workouts during the weekdays and a tournament every single weekend. Generic_Name was assigned a 400 page book to read but can never find the time nor the energy to read that much. By allowing her to chose, for example, an 150 page book, she can find enough time and energy to stay focused, and be able to complete the book. If students are not allowed the ability to design their projects it tends to become more of a pain to the student, rather than help. It tends to stress students more, especially those with vigorous schedules, during a time created for students to take a break. An 11th grade Spanish teacher, Generic_Name, sends out a summer assignment that requires students to go out and use Spanish in the real world. What would be considered to most students as an easy task, some students are not comfortable with this and would rather do book work at home where they feel more comfortable. A one size fits all plan does not work for every student, some need hands on learning, some need to listen to instruction and be taught directly to, and some students need to read and do book work. The idea that one assignment will fit every students needs and allow them to complete it quickly and efficiently will quite frankly never work. This type of flexibility is what students need out of summer projects and, they should be designed by the students.

Summer projects should be student designed because it allows kids to have more freedom, it keeps the students interested in their project, and allows for more flexibility within their project. Every student is a different learner with different advantages and disadvantages and, projects should be made to meet those students needs or they will either not complete it, or complete it while gaining nothing from it. Students know what they need and should not be completely controlled by teachers who think they know whats best for them. The student knows themselves better than anyone else in the world so they should be able to design their own summer projects.     