Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I think that all students should be required to have a certain amount of community service. This could consist of helping out teachers after school, picking up trash at local parks, and even helping out with non-profit community events. However, the key to this institution would be that the students don't get paid.

In these times, I personally think that kids have too much money. Whether it comes from an allowance, or a gift, the students get too much undeserved money. I do understand that some kids work for there money, but they need to learn what service is, and the other kind of payment that you get from it. I myself have participated in many service projects, and over the years I have found that I get a sense of accomplishment that you get with nothing else that you do. This is what I mean by the "other" kind of payment. When you get money, even if you have worked for it, you just are happy about the profit that you have gained, and all you think about is what you could possibly spend it on. By doing service, you feel that you have helped someone with something that they could not have done without you. This could help to increase thoughts of self-worth, and self-esteem. Then that could lead to better concentration, and better focus on school work, and the things that are most important in life.

Service could also provide a good distraction from other things. If students have something good to do, and they realize that it makes them feel good about themselves, they will most likely stay away from other things. For instance drugs, parties that may have bad activities, and other dishonorable endeavors. In fact, service can almost be like a drug itself. Although a good drug, it can give you a high of self-confidence. This can then lead to an addiction where the victim would continue wanting to do it so that they could feel that way again. In all, service can act as a good distraction from other harmful things.

Another reason that service is good is because it will teach students skills that they may need later in life. For instance, I have participated in many service projects regarding service including building shelves in a concession stand, painting, building fences, and even bridges. All of these are skills that I may use, and maybe even need later in life. There is no doubt that service can teach students life skills, and lessons.

In all I think that service is a very important part of the growth, and development of not only our local school students, but of this entire nation. Service can lead to success in many fields, and we need to experience it to become successful, honest, and independent adults.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME