Now technology is an essential part in everyday tasks, and is used to better the users life. Online classes are taken on the computer and students aren't required to come to physical school everyday. Online school is an excellent option and should be offered because it allows students to have more time to support their family, helps kids with medical issues get credits, and is more tailored to individual students needs.

Teenagers have may tasks they need to accomplish outside of school but don't have enough time to dedicate themselves to it because school takes at least six hours of productive time out of their day. With the availability of online courses students can save their school work for a more convenient time to do it such as in the evenings. Many teenagers need to work long hours to help support their family. Since they don't have a degree yet they are only qualified for low paying jobs, which leads to the necessity of working more hours to make ends meet. Work soon takes priority over school and the teenagers drop out. This is seen more often in less affluent communities and with the help of online classes more students can continue to get work while still earning their GED. Many high schoolers have parents that work and younger siblings so the job to take care of them fall on their shoulders. Online classes opens up more time for high schoolers to be an active role model and caretaker for their family when they need them.

High school students are struck with illnesses that hinder their ability to withstand attending school for long periods of time. Imagine having to go to six hours a day five days a week for nine months of the year while in pain. Online classes give ill students the opportunity to keep up with their school work in a manner more suitable for their needs. People with some diseases need to take medicine every hour and have side effects that could include nausea or fatigue which makes attending school very long and exhausting. Online school allows them to take classes from their own home or even the hospital. By being able to take classes in a comfortable setting they students will absorb more of the content because they won't have the setting of school to provide more obstacles for them.

Another medical problem is brain development, many kids now pass average and above on school tests and other assignments, although there are a large number of teenagers who don't reach those levels because of learning challenges. They can't have a harder time keeping up with the pace and demand that a class can put on them because they are diagnosed with conditions such as dyslexia. Taking an online class will provide them the chance to put more time into a subject they are struggling in. The hour and 30 minutes of a class period every other day might not be enough time for them to fully grasp a concept. The students being able to choose the amount of time needed for them to understand the course lets them go at their own pace and is beneficial in the overall absorption of knowledge from the class.

Now there are a wider variety of classes to take than there were 20 years ago. These classes are there to help give students a better understanding of future career falls and take more advanced classes to challenge themselves. However, there are required classes students have to be enrolled in and pass to earn a diploma. Many of these classes high school students take online to open up a slot on their schedule to participate in a class they are more interested in. Two common classes that kids take online are personal finance and P.E., they are classes kids take online so they can use the opening for more AP's or a stress reliever class such as art or yoga. Having the online option is helpful for kids so they can have more opportunities to participate in classes that will benefit them in their own ways.

Online classes have many benefits but also some drawbacks. To be enrolled in the class costs money which deters many people away from taking those classes because they can't afford it. Online classes help people who need to use school time to go to work but if they have to pay to be enrolled in the class then it defeats the purpose of why they needed to take the class in the first place. Another issue that is seen with online classes is that it is easy for students to procrastinate their work and fall behind in a class and there is no physical teacher to tell them in person that changes need to occur. These are major problems with online classes but they don't outweigh the benefits because many people are successful when enrolled and continue to take them.

Online school provides people the relief they need in their lives. Many high schoolers have complex needs and going to physical school doesn't fulfill them in the ways they require such as with their constraint on time, medical issues, and freedom of desired classes. Many more high schoolers have graduated coming out feeling more fulfilled and had been positively impacted by choosing to take an online class. 