Has it became harder for you to be able to wake up in the morings for school? Teens now a days spend long nights on their phones or chatting with friends and they aren't well rested for the next day. This causes students to fall asleep in class, and they lack the attetion needed throughout the day. Imagine being able to wake up around 10 in the morning on a weekday, still be home and not have to worry about being late to school.

Adults, parents, and even grandparents all have different points of view when it comes to school for thier kids. Some say that a public education helps kids,teens, and even young adults open their eyes at a young age. Schools and teachers start to teach students long life skills, starting from elementary school. Teachers give students work and projects to take home and work on, this is an example of the deveolpement of responsbility. They are expected to get the work done on their own and have it turned in on time. This gives students the idea that work has to be done well and turned back in on time and not taken care of when they have free time.

Students also start to learn to respect not only thmenselves but adults, those around them, and school property. Respecting those around you shows people that you are open-minded and a caring person towards the feelings of others. It is understandable for the parents who want thier kids to attend public schools, it gives them freedom, they get the chance to experience new things and meet new people. Students get to know the feeling of their first game for any school sport, they are even able to attend school dances and after school classes. Public schools are a wonderful oppurtonity that many should take if it's given to them.

On the other hand there are people who prefer their kids to be home-schooled, I agree with thier opinion and these are some of the reasons why. Students who attend public schools have more oppurtonities to experince many new things, they are also loaded with tons of work from many classes. Kids who stay home are abe to sleep in and have more energy throughout the day. They are able to work at their own pace and ask questions they wouldn't normally ask in a classroom full of different students. Kids tends to hold back questions, their opinions, and or problems they have due to the people they are surrounded by. They are scared as to what reaction people will give off, things become different when you are alone with your teacher. You are able to slow things down if needed or move on faster to different topics.

When students are at school there are many activites happening everyday. This causes them to get distracted and are either late to class or forget to do work because they decieded to stay after school for a game, or any after school activites. Being at home allows kids to be focused on thier work, it gives them a quiet place to be able to study for any upcoming exams. Kids are relived and have less stress on thier shoulders, meaning classes are cut down in ways that make it easier for them to understand. The work is lighter and it is taken care of on the spot, in other words the work is turned in on time. Students should consider taking in classes from home, to make their childhoods, and teenage years a little less stressful.

In Conclusion, more parents should be open-minded and considered the idea of their childern taking online classes from home. They will be allowed to do their work at their own time and give their bodied the rest that is needed. Kids, teens, and young adults should not be given extra stress from piles and piles of work everyday. The soother their life goes growing up the better their life will be as they graduate and go on to do what they are passionate for.           