In as small of a community as the Florida Keys, it is harder than it seems to unify us. yes we have sandbar sunday and woofstock but what else could we do on a daily basis that could unit us? As a community, if we were to limit car usage it would unit the community, decrease polution, and decrease the ammount of stress oon people. Making our community better is just one small step to making the world a better place.

Living in the keys, we all know that when the snowbirds come down traffic builds up to where it is not even moving. If we were to limit the car usage and say that on Mondays, Wensdays, and Fridays you had to either car pool or use public transportation it would unit us as a community. According to Andrew Selsky, from the Seattle Times Company,this year in Bogota, Colombia the city of 7 million went a day with out cars to promote alternative transportation(Selsky, paragraph20). Selsky also taked about how two other cities joined in, Cali and Valledupar,and how they helped generate a revolutionary change(25-26).Also according to Elisabeth Ronsenthal, a New York Times writer," ...The Internet makes telecomuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet forends"(Ronsenthal, paragraph 35).This just goes to show that no matter how big or little your community is, a day without cars might just be what you need to unify your community.

Along with beautiful clear waters, we also have our share of polution lingering in our mangroves and in our bay. Polution can be anything from a peice of garbage to smog in our air that is slowly suffocating our native plants. Even though down here we dont have a lot of smog, we still have to be awear of it and what it is doing to our neighboring communities. According to Elisabeth Ronsenthal,from the New York Times, "...Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car intensive areas in the United States"(Ronsenthal, paragraph 5). Also according to Robert Duffer,from the Chicago Tribune,"After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the gobal city"(Duffer, Paragraph 10). If we want to keep our beautiful water clean we should consider going to a limited car use schedual.

Lastly, by chosing to inforce a limited car use day it would decrease the stress in our community making it even more like paradise. According to Andrew selsky,"'It's a dood opportunity to take away stress and lower air polution,' said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife(Selsky, paragraph 24). Also other sientist have proven that daily excersise can reduce stress levels caused when a hormone is relised while you excersise.

In conclusion, by reducing or limitincar use for a day you can unify your community, help decrease polution, and decrease your stress levels.             