When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. People looking for advice ask more than one person to see others opinions. Asking for multiple people for advice can help you see how others would handle the situation. Three reasons you should ask for more than one persons advice are people handle things differently. Different people will give you different advice, and other people might have been in the same situation before.

One reason to ask multiple people for advice is people handle things differently from each other because everyone is different. Some people will handle things a certain way, and others will handle it a different way. Asking multiple people for advice helps you see what others would do in that situation. If you ask one person they might give you one way to handle it, and then you ask a different person and they give you a different way to handle it.

The next reason to ask multiple people is people give different advice. Some people might say to fight to solve a problem, and then others will say to talk it out. Depending on the situation you could get in trouble if you handle it wrong. Some people also might give bad advice to see if you do what they say. Others will give you good advice to try to help. Some people might know how to handle a situation that you're in, and others might not.

The third reason to ask multiple people for advice is some people might have been in the same situation. If you only ask one person you could get advice from them; but they might not have been in the same situation. If you ask multiple people you could get advice from multiple people on what to do, and someone might have been in the same situation. If someone was in the same situation before they might know how to handle it better than others. If someone has been in the same situation they will have better advice.

That was three reasons to ask multiple people for advice. The three reasons where people handle things differently, different people will give you different advice, and other people might have been in the same situation before. It is better to get advice from multiple people because not everyone thinks the same. If you get advice from multiple people you will get different advice, and different ways to handle the situation. Some ways might be better than others.