You can't always do it alone, and getting multiple opinions never hurts. When you have a problem, sometimes there's an obvious answer, but other times there isn't. When this happens people usually go to someone who's wiser and has more experience, and sometimes people go to their best friend for help. Why not do both? Getting advice from multiple people is the best thing to do if your stuck. Getting multiple peoples opinions on something could give you more choices, make you feel better about the choice you're going to make, and sometimes people give bad advice.

Multiple peoples advice can give you more choices. If you had more than 1 opinion you would have a broad mindset to help you make a good decision. Having a broad mindset sounds bad, but it's actually good. More choices means that you have thought of every outcome and can make your best decision. When you use someone else's advice you don't know if it's the right decision. From other peoples opinions you can form the best decision for you. better yet the decision came from you.

Advice from others can make people feel better about the decision they're about to make. People get nervous when making a decision; especially a big one. The more someone thinks of an answer, the less stressed out and nervous they get. When you think about the advice you get and create your own decision, typically clams people down because it's the decision they made and they're confident in it. Your decision is the 1 that matters most.

Getting advice from others is good, but sometimes people can give bad advice to try to throw you off. If you ask for advice from someone you don't trust always get someone else's opinion. In 1 episode of SpongeBob SquarePants, SpongeBob asked squidward if he should let Patrick, SpongeBob's best friend, babysit Gary, SpongeBob's pet snail. SpongeBob was going to celebrate his mom's house to celebrate her birthday. Squidward, knowing Patrick is an idiot said yes, and Patrick burnt down SpongeBob's house, and flooded it trying to take out the fire. The moral of the story is get a professional to babysit your pet snail, and to always get multiple opinions.

Seeking out multiple peoples opinions to help you make a decision can broaden your amount of choices, make you feel less stressed about the choice you're going to make, and get rid of the chance that someone tells you the wrong decision. Getting more than 1 opinion can help make the right decision, and your own decision. Other people's advice can help stress less about a decision. Sometimes people try to mess you up y giving you bad advice so you should always get multiple opinions. When someone needs to make a decision they typically ask for advice. In conclusion, Getting multiple opinions always helps you create your own decision.