It is common for a student to have a school project to work on over summer break. Whether it be a slideshow, essay, or a packet of worksheets, it's always something a student would not prefer to do. When students are on summer break, they like to have fun outside, and not staying inside at a desk doing homework. By having students design their own summer project, they'll be able to create something flexible for their own schedule, not too difficult, and they'll avoid staying in their rooms away from exciting activities.

For a teacher, it is extremely hard to find an assignment that fits every student's difficulty level. If teachers were to design a summer project, some students would have an assignment they could fly through while others would struggle. By switching that role and letting the students design their own assignment, they would be given the opportunity to create a project with the perfect difficulty. Each student would know their own difficulty level and would end up with not too stressful yet challenging assignment.

Another problem that could be formed by a teacher designed project would be the lack of knowledge for the students' schedules. During the summer, everyone is busy and it can be difficult to find time for a student to do an assignment. There is always someone going on a trip, hanging out with family, or even playing in a sports tournament. If a teacher isn't aware of every activity that every student has during the summer, a project designed by the teacher could lead to a student staying up late working on the assignment instead of getting sleep. With a lack of sleep, students would be too tired to do the fun activity they had planned.

Lastly, if a student chose to prioritize an assigned summer project designed by their teacher instead of taking a break, they would be stuck with no free time for the fun activities they'd want to do. Instead of swimming, they would be studying. The student would stress over the assignment and how their time away from school was being wasted on a project they didn't want to do. Along with that, their friends and family would have less time to see them even though they're out of school. How could a student see their relatives and best friends if they're stuck inside with a project?

In conclusion, teacher designed summer projects are not the answer. It would cause too many problems for the students. With a student designed project, those problems wouldn't even exist. The students would be able to create a project that would challenge them while not leaving them stressed out. Also, the students would all still have free time for friends, family, and activities along with getting their work done before school. By letting students create their own summer project, teachers and students can all enjoy a fun,sunny, and exciting summer. 