Projects assigned over summer break are made to help students learn more about the subject and prepare them for the next year's curriculum. The projects assigned to students during summer break should be designed by teachers. This helps to ensure that what the students are learning over break will help them in the next year, the students are learning content that is relevant to school, and to make sure that the teachers know what is being put into those projects.

The goal of working on school projects over summer break is to ensure that the student mind stays sharp and focused for the coming school year. Given this goal, it makes sense that the people who will be teaching those students in the next year should be the ones designing these projects. If students designed their own projects for summer break, they could very well end up learning completely useless information when it comes to the curriculum for next year. With teachers designing these projects, students will be able to keep their work on task and be ready for the following year.

Similarly to the last paragraph, having teachers design summer projects will make sure that the content students are learning is relevant to what they will be taught in the classroom come next school year. If students don't know what they will be learning next year, which in most cases they do not, then they will be unable to create projects that will effectively help them transition into the information they will be taught. This is why having teachers create the projects is the best option. Since most teachers have a relatively good idea of what is going to be taught next year, they are the most reliable option as to who should design the projects that students will be complteing over the summer.

It's not just the fact that the teachers know more than the students when it comes to what will be taught next year. It comes down to how those projects will be looked at, as well. For instance, if students are allowed to designed their own summer projects, then how would teachers be able to score those projects? Since every student would be designing their own project, teachers would have no standard grading system in place that would cover all the different kinds of projects that students would create. There might be certain steps the students have to follow but that still leaves a lot of creative liberty up to the students. However, with teachers designing the projects, they can make sure that each and every student has roughly the same goals and problems that need to be solved, thus making it easier for them to score the projects.

However, some people may say that students should be the ones designing their projects. The reasoning behind this would be that it allows students to better engage with the content they need to learn for next year. With students designing their own projects, they can gain a better understanding of the material through coming up with their own questions and then solving them. However, it is entirely possible that students, who simply want some free time and zero stress during break, will opt to come up with questions and problems that are fairly easy to understand and answer, thus nullifying the whole point of the project. Hence another reason why it is best if teachers design these projects for the students.

Teachers designing summer projects for students would be the best option because it ensures that students will be learning information relevant to the following year, students will be able to stay on task with said information, and having a standardized form of the project will make it easier for the teachers to grade it. It is the school's and teacher's, duty to make certain that the students will be well prepared for the coming year's challenges, but having students be the ones to design their own summer curriculum is a task simply too much for them to handle alone. The teachers need to be designing these projects to ensure the best experience for the students.