Almost every student who attends home schooled classes succeed within the programs. The benefits of the home schooled classes and success from students are shown through graduation rates. In addition,studies shows that students have less stress and social issues to worry about,at home. Also,home schooling could allow the students to make a schedule of their own. On the other hand,individuals think students would benefit more without the classes or attending public school. Public schooling does also bring benefits of both social and communication skills. Public schools also have the benefits of participation in extracurricular activities,such as sports and clubs. Although,both public and home schooling have a broad amount of benefits,home schooling is overall more beneficial.

Students tend to have less stress and social isolation issues from home. Many students of public school systems have been shown to have isolation issues with other students,which leads to stressful mindsets. The unobserved and unnoticed isolation issue,have frequently lead to sometimes self harm or committing suicide. In addition,the stressful issues on students also lead to lack in grades and failure of attendance within school. While,students taking home classes have been noted to be more comfortable in a recognized,safe environment.

Home schooled classes allow students to freely make there schedule. Students are enabled to modify class types and subjects. In addition,home schooled students are enable to choose there class times,on their schedule. In contrast,public schools only allow students to modify and switch classes ,based on the remaining available classes. Also,students within public schools aren't able to choose there own class times,and there given a routinely and orderly schedule.

Many individuals argue whether or not students would be more benefited in public or home schooled classes. Home schooling makes some of the best benefits of independence. Including,the home schooled benefits of being in a recognized,homely environment. However,public schools shares a broad list of benefits as well. In addition,public school also have benefits of participation in after school events,sports and clubs.

Even though,home and public schooled classes have a list of great benefits that will help a student strive and succeed,home schooling is the perfect fit for any student. While,home schooling takes on benefits from decrease in stress and social issues that take place in public school frequently. Also,home schooling providing benefits for allowing students to create a self made schedule. On the other hand,public shows gives off benefits of sports and activities. In conclusion,home schooled classes will always be the best option with a broad list of benefits and hopefully other individuals will learn that also.