Some may think that the Face was created by aliens, but the true answer is that the Face is just a natural landform. In the text before the first paragraph the article states that, "New high resolution images and 3D altimetry from NASA's Mars Global Survey spacecraft reveal the Face on Mars for what it really is: A mesa." Which shows factual evidence as to how the Face is just a natural landform that happens to look like a human face because of texture and shadowing. It is silly to think that an alien race would create something like the Face, because evidence shows it is just a landform.

NASA decribes the Face as a " huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes,nose, and mouth." The big reason why some may believe that the Face was created by aliens is because of all the film, books, magazines, and talk shows it has appeared in. All of the popularity attracts conspiracy theorists to make up some way to gain more attention to it. The theorists claim that NASA is hiding the "true" way it was made so they don't frighten citizens, but NASA exclaims that they wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars to fund their budget.

Even though a few scientest believe the Face was an alien artifact, photos show otherwise. On April 5, 1998 they snapped a picture and discovered it was simply a natural landform, not an alien monument. At first the photos weren't very convincing to either side, but once they were able to enhance technology the photo came out clearer. Which allowed scientests at NASA to examine it further and finally classify it.

Therefore, NASA came to the conclusion that "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mese-". It is fun to imagine that another life form made a shrine like thing to what looks like a human, but it is very unreasonable considering all the facts that were gathered. If one reviews over the facts they can see that; the Face is just a natural landform, populartity of the Face is what brought theorists to it, and all the evidence points to it being just a landform with a very exciting look to it. All in all, the Face is just a natural landform, nothing less and nothing more.   