The Face is a natural landform not a structure created by aliens because scientists have confirmed it. Many people still don't belive it's a natural landform. I have the following three reasons why I know that the Face is a natural landform. Reason one: the Martian mesa is a common landform around Cydonia. Second reason: after the picture was uploaded to the JPL web site they confirmed it was a natural landform. Last reason: what the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms.

First reason: the Martian mesa is a common landform around Cydonia. As it says in paragraph two " The face appeared on their monitors but the sensation was short lived." Also on paragraph wo it says " Scientists figured it was just another Mrtian mesa, common enough around Cydonia." Cydonia is a red planet with an abundant amount of Martian mesa's.

That's why i know the face is just a Martian mesa but confusing enough to be taken as an act that aliens might of done.

Second reason: after the picture was uploaded to the JPL web site they confirmed it was a natural landform. On April 5, 1998,

when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia the people waited anxiously to see if it was alien made or a natural landform. On paragraph seven it says " Thousand of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing... a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." On April 5, 1998 it was confirmed that the face was just a natural landform not an alien monument as people thought.

Last reason: what the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms. On paragraph twelve it says " What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms common around the America west." It also says on paragraph twelve " It reminds me most of the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars." For those reasons I know that the face is a natural landform.

The face is a natural landform not an alien structure because scientists confirmed it. I know this for the three following reasons. Reason one: the Martian mesa is a common landform in Cydonia. Reason two: after the picture was uploaded to the JPL web site it was confirmed it was a landform. Third reasom: what the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa landforms. For those three reasons I know that the face in Mars is a natural landform not a monument created by aliens as people belive or want to believe.      