Its hard reading peoples facial expressions. Some people dont have the type of face where others can take a peek at their face and know whether they are happy or upset. Life just is not that easy. Although being able to read someones facial expressions can get in a way of teaching a student, make others feel bad, and perhaps the technology can misenterpret a facial expression.

Students and teachers alike may feel highly uncomfortable knowing that technology is veiwing their face at every point of the day. Humans now live in the 20th century where technology is booming and will continue to improve. In the article it states that a computer classroom will be able to defrentiate ones emotions and change an ad to best fit the persons prefrences ("Making Mona Lisa Smile"). Thats fine and dandy until they change from ads to actual lessions. Lets say that a student is watching a class video independently as are the other students. Perhaps the video is for biology and what is being shown is a dissected frog. Of course watching a frog being dissected can make some students disgusted, but in the end of the day the student still has to learn all this since it is required in the class. Perhaps in order to achieve a good grade in the class the student has to sit through and watch that video to learn.

Having technology constantly viewing ones facial expressions can be pretty unfortunate. The technology can apparently know if someone is happy or sad ("Making Mona Lisa Smile"). If it can tell if someone is happy or sad can it tell if someone is lying? Lets say a female student asks the teacher for permission to use the restroom. Perhaps this teacher is strict and does not allow restroom passes unless necessary. Telling the teacher in front of everyone that she is on her mentrual cycle is embarrassing for younger female students; even more so if the teacher happens to be a male. Now having technology that can pinpoint the fact that this female student does not have to urinate would be classified as a lie. Therefore the teacher would say no knowing she is lying about having to pee. This of course puts the female student in a difficult position; leaving her to feel bad and embarrassed about being caught in a lie. There are two choices now she doesn't go to the restroom and risks staining hersle with blood or she tells the teacher in front of everyone that she is on her period and be embarrassed about that too. Having this technology can be greatly embarrassing for many other students too.

Technology is bound to mess up at one point. All humans and technology are not perfect. There is not such thing as perfect, so having technology that reads human expressions around may be cool until is messes up and reads ones expression incorectly. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...," ("Making Mona Lisa Smaile"). For exapmle if a student is intrigued by a subject and understanding what is being taught then there is no real reason for the subject to be changed. Imagone that a student sitting in class deeply engrossed in the sunject to vome to school the nect day and have to sit through a boring lession just because a computer read their expression wrong.

It is normal to be excited over new technology. People need to be level headed though and ask themselves whether or not it will be beneficient towards whatever purpose the technology is bought for. The new software Facial Action Coding System can be pretty appeasing when thinking of it at first. Actually owning it and installing it in a classroom can lead to bad consequences like: A student not learning well, making others feel bad, and the risk of the software making mistake.                        