Have you ever watched the show

Dick Van Dyke

? Well,

Dick Van Dyke is a television show about a husband, wife, and their child. There are many moments were any of the characters could have used some really good advice. If they were to go back and get the advice they needed or could have used maybe situations could have ended differently. When it comes to getting advice, it is refreshing to get advice from different people or sources. When you ask multiple people for advice it gives you different view points based off of their age, their experience, and sometimes on the fact that they do not know every party individually.

When it comes to a situation and you never know who to talk to maybe try talking to one of your grandparents or anyone elderly for that matter. As people get older they go through lots of experiences and awkward situations just like the ones that you have gone through. The more life lessons you learn and wisdom you accumulate, the better advice you can give to people that are going through the same thing. As your body ages and matures so does your mind. If someone isnt in the situation they will not tell you to do something out of anger, sadness, or personal bias. They have a clear mind and tell you stuff with rationality.

Yes, maybe some elderly people had different circumstances when they went through certain situations. If you think that the situation is different than that of an elderly person you could try talking to someone that went through a similar situation that is more around your age and had the same or similar circumstances. Maybe the person giving advice is giving it because they made the wrong choice and had to suffer the consequences. Sometimes even asking multiple people around the same age and went through the same thing is good because maybe some of the people that were involved are similar or different to the people in your dilemma. Plus, sometimes talking to your piers is easier than talking to an adult.

It is always a good option to get multiple opinions and viewpoints but sometimes you might want to ask someone that does not know every party involved individually. Not knowing the situation personally might change their response or how they react. If they know you or the other party they might tell you something based off of the fact that they bias you over the other person or, they favor the other party over you. If that happens they might give you advice out of anger or other emotions because they know the situation too well. When a person gives advice out of extreme emotion they could cause you to ruin a friendship, relationship, or ruin your chance at an amazing opportunity, whether it be for your career or your future.

In conclusion, not every person is the same and that is perfectly okay. The choice on who you do and do not talk to depends on who and what you are comfortable with. Not everyone can talk to the same person. Some people just have not gone through what you have gone through or are going through. You need to decide what and who is easier to talk to and who would help you out the most. Never make a choice that you are not comfortable with.   