Dear State Senator,

There is a big controversy between the issue of keeping the Electoral College or abolishing it. Some people say that we should abolish the Electoral College because it is unfair or outdated, and others agree with the idea of having electors choosing their party's nominee. The Electoral College should be abolished because it is unfair for the states with smaller populations, and the "swing states" don't get any attention during the Presidential Election.

If we look at the statistics about the Electoral College, we see in the article "

What Is the Electoral College?

" by the Office of the Federal Rigister, it states "The Electoral College consists of 538 electors" and "A majority of 270 electoral votes." Your states number of electoral votes is based off of your states population, which isn't fair to smaller states such as Hawaii or Alaska. Hawaii has four electoral votes and Alaska has three electoral votes, while the larger states like California have fifty-five elecotoral votes.

The way that our country today decides our winner in the Presidential Election is the "winner-take-all" system that gives the all the votes to the winning canidate. In the article "

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong

" from "

Mother Jones

" by Braford Plumer, he states that "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, canidates don't spend time in states they know have no chance of winnning, focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing states.'" But in the article "

In defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President

" by Richard A. Posner, he states that "...almost all states award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, even a slight plurity in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state" and "The winner-take-all method of awarding electoral votes induces the canidates."

"The electoral college is unfair,outdated, and irrational." We need to abolish the Electoral College because it just isn't fair to the voters and some stes are getting more attention than other states. If we abolish the Electoral College, we would have a more fair election and more people would come and vote.    