Facial Action Coding System is a new improved software system for find out people emotions and feelings just by their facial expressions. The Reason using tehnology to read students emotional expressions is valuable is because better way of getting close and personal with people, the improved way of helping people with their problems, and just by looking at a picture or word, we can make ourselfs feel that emotion. Those three exaples are ways that this system is valuable.

One reason the system is valuable is because it is a better way of getting to know people. In the story, the author explains how Mona Lisa has different emotions in the famous picture that was made from Leonardo de Vinci. "She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent dearful, and 2 percent angry". Thinking the only way possible to find out is to ask Leonardo. Well, there is a "new software system has been developed that improves acuracy in perceiving the emotions of others". This quote explains how through one scan on the computer, we can find out how they are feeling. This software system is a better way of getting to know eachother, but also it is a better way of helping people through their problems.

Also, a reason this system is valuable is because it is i proved system to help us help other people through their problems. "For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeoing simply by the look on her face." That quote explains how facial expressions help. People can only tell if their happy, sad, mad, etc. Just mainly the basics. But with this system, you can tell how they are really feeling and be very specific. Just by raising your eyebrows, it'll tell you are curious. Or just by squinting your eyes when your smiling, the system can tell you are happy. For a computer, that is pretty impressive. Not only you can tell their problems, but it explains how looking at different emotions make you feel the same as them.

One last reason this system is valuable is because by us just looking at picture or a word, we can make ourselfs feel that emotion. "Empthy (feeling someone else's emotional state) may happen because we unconsciously imitate another person's facial expressions". That quote explains how just by looking at a person, screem, picture, etc. we can feel the same exact emotion just because how normal and easy it is these days.

Technolgy has changed many ways over the passed years. Theere was internet coming out, then touch screen, many websites and video calling apps, etc. But now all the way to the fact we can express and know eachothers emotions by just one scan on the computer. A better way of getting close and personal with people, the improved way of helping people with their problems, and just by looking at a picture or word, we can make ourselfs feel that emotion is the reason using technology is valuable. 