No one wants to wach ads but wouldnt they be more intresting if there was a way they could relate to us more. In the article ¨Making Mona Lisa Smile¨by Nick D´Alto he talks about a way that a coding system can read our emoitions.

In the text they talk about a program called Facial Action Coding System that will use our emotions to make our experience with technology better.

The technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valiable because ads can be more personal, it can help keep students more intrested, and can make animated faces more expressive.

Ads are an example on how the Facial Action Coding System can be valuable. In the text it states ¨For example, if yoy smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be dirffent.¨ (D´Alto).

So if a student is doing somthing on a computer and an ad pops up for a math game and he dosnt like it the next ad could change to a math game that he does help.

The ads coud help the student find a game that can help him learn. Ads and keeping the student mare intrested are ways the Facial Action Coding System is valuble.

Keeping the students intrested is also another way the Facial Action Coding System can be benifical to a student. In the text it says ¨A classroom computer coud recognize when a student is becoming confused¨ (Dr. Huange).

If it could reconize that then it could modifiy the lession.

The lession would be better for a student and also it would be like having a teacher right next to you teaching you in the way you learn best.

Keeping the students intrested is anothe way the Facial Action Coding System can be valiuble but there is one more example.

The Facial Action Coding System can make animated faces more expressive.

The author states ¨ The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive¨ (D´Alto).

When taking an online corse if a animated faces could be more expressive it would make the student more involved.

Also it could make the student feel like they have some one to help right next to them.

This is how making animated faces more expressive can help students in a classroom.

This is how ads can be more personal, it can help keep students more intrested, and can make animated faces more expressive help support the claim that the use of emotinal reading technology can be valuable for a student.

By making things more personal.

Also by keeping the student intrested so they dont get side tracked. Finaly by keeping the student happy.

Wouldent you want a more presnal expericence when learning to help keep you intrested and more involved?    