Dear , Principal

Well , first off most students need extra credit in class . So I think that it would be best if everyone participates in the community service . This Community services will help some children decide on making good decision . Also , it will tell you how well the students works with others .

However , the littering community services job should be for the discipline children to help them get the act correct . It would help them focus on having better behavior by helping the community with waste . The tutoring could be for anyone one , not just necessarily the smart peers . As the people that have a disability in learning can learn as they teach . There should be no discrimination on who can help tutor . However , everyone falls short in learning every once in a while .

Its a good choice for us to require all the children at our school to get the opportunity to work with the communities . For example , for the littering program ,while the children are picking up the trash . They can think about how all this trash is tearing our community apart as we know it . That might help less trash be Thrown on the communities property . The tutoring can help determine if the students wants to become a teacher later in life . The tutoring service might help the child figure out a career .

After , children do their community service jobs , they could write an essay on their experience and how it changed their thinking . Think about it principal , instead of suspension . Put the student in community service . Therefore , the student wont miss days out school and have missing assignments . Make the disciplinarian do the littering part of the community service , it would better for them . As the other students it would be best if they remain in the classrooms , because they can help the children in positively ways . If the other children have learn from their mistakes , it would good for them to trade community services jobs , to see the difference . Meanwhile , while they're trying that they can write about the likes , dislikes about the different community service and what type of impact it had on them.

Principal this also , helps children learn that they need an education to get what they want in life and the goal they want to reach as they grow old . Community service is the best way to help them figure out what they want out of life . Perhaps , it might inspire children's parents to have more to do in the children's life , It would bring the family closer then you would ever think it would .

This is why ALL children should be required to perform community service .