Should drivers be able to use cellphones in any capacity while operating a vehicle? Although some drivers argue that cellphones have become vital to our everyday lives, using them while driving can result in distracting the drivers attention which increases road safety concerns. Despite the fact that laws have been passed to restrict drivers from using phones while operating people still overlook them, and continue to put themselves and others at risk of accidents.

Using a phone while operating a vehicle is extremely distracting. Trust me I know from personal experiences of my own. One look away that you feel is just a second could end your life. Everyone has caught themselves at least once on the phone while driving. Studies have been shown drivers using cellphones always react slowly, and often make the wrong decisions. In other words cellphones decrease the performance of the driver.

The biggest argument against cellphones while driving is the security factor. Most people agree with the fact that during emergency situations cellphones can provide help. By making calls, getting weather and traffic information, reporting accidents, and even to locate their destinations. For this reason handsfree was invented to ensure that drivers do not have a phone in their hand while driving. Even though it might have seemed like a better idea at the time, studies have shown that even with a hands-free device it adds distraction to the driver.

Evans 2

Lastly, let's talk about the laws and concerns they have . Several states, and countries have enacted laws banning the use of cellphones while driving. Also some of the concerns lawmakers have against the matter is all the deaths that came from this particular issue.

Approximately 660,000 drivers are attempting to use their phones while behind the wheel. Almost 390,000 injuries occur every year from accidents caused by texting while driving, and 1 out of 4 accidents in the US are caused by texting and driving.

Overall phone use in any way or form while operating a vehicle is very dangerous and can result in the death of innocent people. In order to ensure that people are following the rules there should be more done within the law. Therefore if you ever find yourself in a situation think about the way it could end before you continue to move on.   