The electorial colledge should be done with. we just need to get rid of it and why do i think this you may ask well becouse we dont really get to choose who goes into office the electorial colledge does. why do we even vote when we dont really get to choose who goes into office there gonna do what they want to anyway. so i do think that we should get rid of the electorial colledge.

what is the point of us waisting are time voting. the people should have the right to choose who goes into office and who leads there country. if you wont let them choose then why would you tell them that every vote matters and that there vote really could make a differece becouse it wont. now does the electorial colledge normally do what thy are supposed to yes but do they always no there gonna pick who ever they like more. thats one reason that i think that the electorial colledge should be gotten rid of.

im not shure but why do we even have an electorial colledge if all they do is chose the votes from are votes we dont need people to choose themselves all we need is a person that can tally up all of the votes or a machine im pretty shure that most voting is electronic now so thats even easier all you need is a computer. so that would save money not having to pay for a whole bunch of people to be doing it themselves.

thats what i think about the electorial colledge mr. senetor so maybe you can help out and get rid of the electorial colledge. if the government did get rid of the electorial colledge then a lot of people including me would be a lot happier. i do not know vary many detail or any of the stuff that the electorial colledge does besides tally and help pick who should be the president and i think that they may even help pick the senetor of stats but i do not know so i cant say for shure  for shure we may actually have full controll of who are senetor is. all that i am trying to say is that if we have freedom then why do they tell us that we get to pick who rules or who helps govern the united states of amerca so they shouldnt say every vote counts and that everyone should vote becouse why should we it really in truely doesnt matter who we piccked any ways so thats all that i know about the electorial colledge and all i can say about it but definetley get rid of the colledge. thanks for the time and dont forget we do not like the electorial colledge at all so destroy it and dont let it come back.    