"'All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change,'said David Goldberg, an official of Transportation for America.."(para.7).There's so many advantages if we limit care usage. For instence, more money saved,more space,pollution, and no traffic.

To start off, in the article"In German suburb, life goes on without cars", by Elisabeth Rosenthal,it states "car ownership is allowed but there are only two places to park-large garages at the edge of development, where a car-owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home." (para2) in other words its expensive. Then it goes on and says, "'when I had a car I was always tense. I'm much more happier this way,' said Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles ..." (para3).Ms. Walter is more calm now that she doesnt have a car. In paragraph 5 more reasons come up. "...is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes....Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." One of many causes of greeenhouse gas is cars. Next, "in previous bills, 80 percent of appropriations have by law gone to highays and only 20 percent to other transport."(para9)which means that its expensive and most of this things money is wasted on is things that cars need.

To continue, the author, Robert Duffer, of "Paris bans driving due to smog", he states "after days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city."(para. 10) this tells us that cars are dameging the air we breath. Smog gets around fast,"Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France,after five-days of intensifying smog...[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world."(para 14)

To add on, Andrew Selsky which wrote,"Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota", says "...leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams"(para20) basically theres traffic. In paragraph 24, "' It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,' said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife". The Selsky states, "parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have be replaced by broad, smoth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic;and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up" now you can get to your places faster with no traffic and its a smoth trip and good for business.

Furthermore, Elisabeth Rosenthal writes in her article, "the end of car culture" some advantages. "president Obama's ambitious goals to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions, unveiled last week, will get fortuitour assist from an incipient shift in American behavior: recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars,driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by."(para29) In other words not many people are driving anymore its not "cool" anymore ,if you dont drive you'll fit in more.

To summarize,there are so many advantages if you limit car use, such as money saved,more space in the streets,and help keep our air clean.    