The option to take online school has become increasingly popular for the benefits it brings to students. Students like online school better because they can manage their time wisely, avoid unnecessary high school drama, and not be as anxious and stressed as they would be in the traditional classroom. Each student has different needs, but the students who have been taking online school have expressed that they prefer it over the alternative. Online school is a great option for students and has been proven to be beneficial because of the student's ability to be in control of their own schedule and grow into being a well-rounded individual.

One reason students who are in online school are successful is because they can manage their own schedule. Because the student won't be sitting in a class for seven hours, this gives them time to do more things throughout the day. Students can break up their workload or get it all done in one sitting, the choice is up to them. If they do their work in chunks, they can do other things throughout the day such as chores or extracurriculars in the meantime. Breaking up the amount of work that needs to get done can help certain students do even better in school because they can rest or focus their attention on something else for a period of time. Some students like doing all their work in one sitting because they have more time to do things they enjoy. Although strenuous at first, some students like to get all the hard work out the way so they can spend time doing other activities such as sports or work. Being able to manage their own time helps students succeed.

Online school also helps students become well-rounded individuals who are ready to enter into society. Students who have experienced the discipline of managing their classes along with their personal lives and have succeeded, prove that they will be prepared to handle what life has to offer. The high school experience is hard enough, not including the curveballs that life likes to throw, which shows the resilience of these students. Online school requires a level of responsibility because each student has to take control of managing their classes without a teacher constantly watching over them. This builds different life skills for students that isn't taught in the classroom. Online school benefits students by preparing them for the real world.

Some argue that online school isn't as good as going to regular school because students can miss out on unique opportunities and experiences found only in a traditional classroom. Understanding that online school isn't for everyone, there are some students who prefer going to a school building because they believe it is best suited for their specific needs. However, not all students do well in a traditional classroom and prefer to learn at home. Distractions, drama, poor time management, and and mental health issues that can be found or developed in the classroom can prevent certain students from having a successful high school experience. Many students who have switched from regular high school to online school for these reasons have expressed how helpful it was for them and are successful in their current lives. For students who don't thrive in the physical classroom, they have benefitted from taking online school.

Online school has proven to be a better option to students who don't do well in the classroom and allows them to use their time wisely and to become better people. There are many good outcomes for those who take online school as opposed to regular school, and have greatly benefitted many different students. School is meant to teach students and prepare them to be successful in life, but not all students learn the same way. Those who do better learning from home should be given that opportunity so they aren't at a disadvantage compared to their classmates. In conclusion, many good things have come out of students given the choice to take online school.