Laughing, having fun, new friends, new hobbies. These are just the few benefits from joining extracurricular activities in school. Some schools make students participate in extracurricular activities giving them the advantage to all these benefits. All students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

One reason why all students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity is because has students get to know new people. A recent article from Generic_School's PTA daily updates have shown that 27% of their students didn't know every one of their classmates. Ever since they established that extracurricular activities are mandatory that percentage has rapidly gone down to 9%. This means that adding in these activities made students get closer to knowing each other. If Generic_School didn't set these rules then what would happen to each student. Maybe there are many kids who don't have someone to talk to but after these boundaries were set they have someone there for them. Not setting these rule on having extracurricular activities have big impacts on student and this can't happen.

Another reason why all students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity is because it develops stronger social skills. Alex Freeman a professional psychologist reports "Kids that I have worked with usually don't do any type of social activities what so ever making them not have the capability of carrying a conversation and decreasing the chance on improving social skills." In other words these kids who don't do any type of activity have not made any change in socializing and creating conversation. By not including these activities it may bring some of their students down. Adding them on the other hand will one help out with social skills and two will benefit the kids all through out their life. With the disadvantage of no extracurricular activities what will become of our kids if they don't have what they need? What will happen to society if we don't have the ability to even speak to another person?

In addition to why all students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity is because of money. A report from the Generic_School states "2 out of 10 student parents don't have the money to afford extra activities outside of school due to numerous of reasons." This shows how some kids can't really get to those activities like other kids due to money problems. If schools do add these extracurricular activities then these student parents don't have to worry about spending extra money. By not making this mandatory what could happen to the less fortunate families who are in need of some extra money?

Others may say that we should not have extracurricular activities because it pushes student boundaries. A student survey from the Wisconsin Department of Student Learning shows that 12% of all students in the state say that when the school makes certain rules mandatory many of the kids say that it's pushing past their limit and forcing them to do something they don't want to do. This means that a small portion of kids feel like if the school makes them do extracurricular activities it's a invasion to their limit. I don't disagree with this but that's just one bad reason out of many good reasons. While it's just 12% that say its a invasion to their privacy theres still the other 88% who think it would be fun and is a good idea. Knowing that more than half of students think it's a good idea really shows that making it mandatory to have extracurricular activities have a greater impact on the students than not having it.

Having to participate in at least on extracurricular activity should be a requirement for all students. Not only that it helps other student get to know each other better it also improves social skills and helps save money for student parents. Some may disagree that we should add extracurricular activities but they are wrong. Extracurricular activities provide multiple benefits to each student making this a must to schools. Having this be requirement for each school it just can't magically become apart of the system we need to start somewhere. For a starters, start by contacting your local school board of supervisors to give them the idea and hope that it will be passed on. We need to make this happen for your kids and the other generations to come sake but we need to start from the ground up; and thats with you.