Imagine a world with driveless cars. While that world is coming to picture, be sure to also imagine all the things that could possibly go wrong. Imagine an increase in car accidenets because a malfunction occured in one of the cars. All the money and time that is being invested in this one specific project. Teenagers no longer getting excited about being able to get their license. Seems like a not so great world to live in.

Manufactors may promise people that their smart cars are safe and reliable, nothing will go wrong. But what they dont tell people is that they messed up on a couple thounsand cars, no biggie. The smart cars are no longer alerting the driver for when they need to take over. The spinning sensor just breaks down, with no warning whatsoever. That is one of the most important parts of the whole system. Everything could go wrong. Promises are broken by family; companies can easily break promises too.

So much money and time could be put into better and more useful things. This all started back in the 1950s with General Motors. Google has had working driveless cars since

2009. All of that time and money should have been invested into something that tis world needs. The United States of America has been in debt for a long time, but instead of paying off some debt we build driveless cars.

Teenagers are excited about finally being old enough to get thier permit, their first car. That is what the majority of us look foward too. We finally feel like an adult and have some freedom. With driveless cars, how would this all work out? In the pasage it says, "... no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore.." That is no fun. What will we have to look foward to now? No one will need cars.

I am against driveless cars. They may be what we dream of but that doesnt mean they are best for us. Malfuctions could occur which causes a rise in accidents. Possibly even death. Money and time is wasted on this project and it is not what the world needs. The world does not need driveless cars. Teenagers need to experience freedom early, by getting their license and having their own car. If we will no linger have any point for cars in the future, how will teenagers expeince the early life of adulthood? 