Throughout the passages the limiting car usage is critical, our community are giving up their cars. due to Suburb, smog, and car free day. The United States, with it's broad expanses and suburan ideals, had long been one of the world's prime car cultures. American's are buying fewer cars, driving less, and not following inforcement laws.

In Germany, Residents of this upscale community are suburban pioneers, or communiting executives have ever gone before: they have given up their cars. Therefore, Street parking and driveways are forbidden on the outskirts of Freiburg, near the French and Swiss borders. causing residents to react differenly. Passengers cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive area in the United States. Basic precepts are being adopted around the world in attempts to produce suburbs more compact and more accessible to pubilc transportation with less parking space. Also, the Environmental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced". Many experts expect public transport serving suburbs to play a much larger role.

For Instance, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of global city. Because, traffic was down 60 percent in the capital of France it created smog. Since, Diesel fuel was blamed France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. While, Delivery companies complained of lost revenue while exceptions were made, and cars carrying three more passengers.

In Other Words, in a program located in Colombia that's spread to other countries millons hiked, biked. or took buses to work during a car-free day leaving the streets of this capital city devoid of traffic jams. the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. In different too, President Obama's goals to curb the United State's greenhouse gas. recent studies produce that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. As of, part of the explanation certainly lies in the recession, Americans can't afford new cars, and the unemployed weren't going to work. The limiting car usage has big a big problem around the world and people's reactions are critical, the factors of the the car limiting usuage are smog, suburb, and car cultures.    