Summer is a time for student to have a long deserved break from school. During this time, however, some students become unable to no longer retain their knowledge and have to recover prior knowledge starting the next school year. To compensate, some schools assign summer projects for the students to be proactively accomplishing. Whether it be a project that they get to design or a teacher designs for them. The main argument here is "what is better" for the learning experience of the student. A project created and designed by a student over the summer is better than a teacher designed one because the project will be more engaging for the student, the student will have full control, and the student will have easier time learning or their own accord.

A student who designs their own summer project will have a engaging experience with their project. As a student, the ability for a project to be fun to do and still be a good learning experience is number one. Having your own project to do gives you the sense that you know what you're capable of accomplishing. It will be engaging because student will get to interact in their own methods and ways. Learning in this way helps students to retain information and maybe learn about something they may have never thought about. An engaging project made by the students will also give the students a means of commitment to do the project if it is fun to do and is beneficial for them academically. Engagement in a project is the best way for a students to want to be able to drive their passion in learning forward, without the hassle of abiding by the teacher's rules and regulation of the project. Giving students the right to build their own project makes the learning part fun and engaging for the students, which will overall provide them with possibly of better academic achievement and retention.

Students with full control their project will be able to make it a project they will be proud of. Full control means that students will be able to go though the steps of conception, planning/design, making/prototyping, and possibly revision on their own. Giving students the leveraging control, builds the sense that they understand the topic the most and that they should be able to complete the project under their own goals and ideas. This helps to build skills in learning and retaining information taught. With full control, they will also have the necessary time to complete their project on their own without the overlooking burden of a teacher telling them what to do exactly. This removes the unnecessary stress of designing a project to meet someone else's goals and hoping that it will meet their specifications. A student, given this freedom of choice and design, will be able to learn more about something that they enjoy learning about, it makes the overall experience better for them and also builds their design processes to be better efficient and less costly to them. These skills learned from being in full control of a major project can be used in schools and possibly be used later in the workplace or any other setting that puts them under control of a project.

The last argument is that students will have an easier time of learning when they get to make it. Without the teacher being in the way, not only will the student be hopefully, less stressed, but also put them in charge of learning. Being able to self pace yourself, will help to slowly build up information into your mind and retain that information for longer when you may have to use it one day in the near future. Without the regulations of an authoritative teacher, students build projects under their ideas. As long as the project is providing the student with educational content that they will learn from, they will be able to enjoy it, which removes the boring parts of learning about a certain subject and instead, make it fun to learn about and understand. Students building up the knowledge slowly by themselves, will slowly integrate the information into their mind slowly, without overwhelming students with complex research projects or projects dealing with hard to reach goals assigned by the teacher. A student who learns by themselves may be smarter and less worried by the goals of a project than a student who has to follow the rules and regulations word for word from the teacher. Students that get to design the projects themselves will overall have an easier time understanding and learning.

A couple of main arguments that may arise when students get to make their own summer projects is that they may not be learning about what they should be learning about or the project is not regulated enough itself to provide any academic goals. Or, a student may make a project that is overall not fitted for any academic setting. For the most part, if students are just given maybe one or two rules stating that it must be a project that someone can actually obtain information from and that the project is not just a simple little project. Then the need for a teacher to design a project for the students is effectively gone, since they would only have to follow the simple rule of not making it too easy on themselves and make a project that will help them excel academically.

To wrap up, projects under the design of a student will be better than a teacher designed one because the students are better engaged in their own projects, the students will have full control of their project and everything that goes into it, and the students will have an easier time comprehending/learning at their own pace. Schools that assign summer projects know that the real intent is to help keep the students proactive in their studies over the summer break, and these projects are suppose to help them do so. Student designed projects will be a better option for schools since it gives the students choice in their education. And that profound statement, gives students a better chance at starting off the next school year with information ready to be used. 