Participating in something specific like say, sports or student council can help you in many ways. 80% of students have said that they would rather participate in activities that are outside of school, than school activities. 20% of the remaining students said they'd rather do school activities than non-school related activities. Why? Most of the students in the 20% said: "It's free, it helps you do better, and you know people more.". In my opinion forcing students to participate in extracurricular activities even though it sounds cruel, is actually really helpful! My three reasons as to why are, students can make new friends and recognize teachers whom they've never known before, it can allow them to try harder in school and reach for a higher goal, and in many cases it can help them be able to find out new things and explore something else!

Forcing students to participate in extra curricular activities, helps students make more friends and know more teachers. I say this because say in sports you have to have a team right, and together you win, travel, and do other things. Also you have to plan, so there includes talking and you get to know everyone there. Having new friends would probably mean that you can be able to reach for another goal.

Doing extracurricular activities can help you want to do better in school because you have a new occupation and maybe you like the new activity you're doing but it requires you to have good grades. So you'll want to have good grades in order to continue doing that activity you like.

Extracurricular activities can help them find out what they like and what they dont like or they re not specifically good at. This way they know what does not challenge them and what is a challenge for them. Sports is a good example because of running, jumping and putting yourself at the limit. Some people can run, some people can't run. Some people can jump some people can't jump.

Being forced to do activities is not fun. But not all the times is everything bad. Some people might enjoy activities, some might not. But remember, don't judge a book by its cover.