Thinking of the 21st century ideas of driving cars and SUV's around is considred fairly overrated now a day's. Opperating moto vehicle in city scapes and rural areas can get so overwhelming; the constant worry of oncomming traffic and pedestrians steering into your direction, dangerous pollution threatning to dystroy the ecosystems & surrounding landscapes, not to mention expenses that are strung along with the cost driving a car. By eliminating or limiting the use of cars, these unnessary issues would just simply....float away.

As we all know as a result of past generations: Global Warming is on the rise. This statement is esspecially true in the city of Paris, France...named to be the most polluted city in the world amoung tourist destinations in Europe. In a act to reduce these smog issues, "On Monday motorist with even-numbred licence plates were ordred to leave their cars at home or suffera 22-euro fine" says Robert Duffer who wrote from the article "Paris bans driving due to smog" in the

Chicago Tribune.

Ever since Paris officals had made this change in leglisation, pollution has gone down considerabley. Imagine driving through your city (for example I live in Jacksonville Beach), and there is no more smog, traffic is reduced, and the air you breathe is actually cleaner than before. From putting certian restraints like the city of Paris did on commuting, you too could experince all the wonders of "cut-back driving".

Moving onto another terrific viewpoint of limited car usage is a cut down on cost. Now how great does that sound, and in this expanding economy I'll be happy if gasoline prices drop below $2 dollars! On a serious note, the price tags of a car are extreamly heavy now as they were say two decades ago. There are matanince issues, speeding tickets, parking meter tickets, if you have a flat tire then you call a tow truck which....

COST MONEY!

"New York's new bike-sharing program and it's skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities, as do proliferation of car-sharing programs across the nation" says Elisabeth Rosenthal from "The End of Car Culture". Now in modern cities like New York, Miami, or even Jacksonville, many city officals have made this ninche of transportation much easier on civilans. Providing local trollys & public busses to help cut the cost of transportation for their residences. As exemplary from Rosenthal, its makes you happy not to drive a car as often... and makes you wallet happy too!

Although many critics are skeptical to obtain and enforce this idea, in actuallity this would be a tremendous favor to all if they participated. Sure if you don't have a car to use for example on a Saturday, then it may seem like a bummer but in perspective it's actually not! Getting around your local area and exploring all it has to offeroutside the four doors of you "gas-hogger" is a beautiful way to go through your day! Just think of all the cha-ching you'll be saving with every footstep you take.

WEEE-WOO-WEEH-WOO

!!! This is the sound of a ambulance driving in your lane to get to a car crash that hapened because of wreckless driving. "It's the inevidable that the 1% of the 99% of all drivers are going to be in some form of a auto vehicle accident by the time their 50" says Brian Williams of

NBC Nightly News

. Can you imagine that happening to you, or has it already? Heidrun Walter a media trainer and mother of two says "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," since making the change of on-foot commute and biking to distant locations. I live in a beautiful beach side town where almost everything is acessable by walking, biking, city bus, Beaches Trolly, or a surfboard! I myself have tried this and rode my bike up to Trader Joe's to get some ice cream. I can say I felt very stress-free by the whole experince. From simply switching to a non-automatic or mechanical form of transportation I not only relived my tension of road rage. I also had gained great deal of happiness from being outdoors.

In my last few final statements about the pros from limiting the usage of a vehicle, is it's just better. I dont know what other methods are so EASY to follow to get the results you want to the problems and issues people struggle with. Worry about the enviorment? Try limiting you car driving to every other day. Want more money in your pockets insted of in your car? Take the

FREE

transportation thats provided in your local area to get around you city in. Want to ease the stress that major highways and opperating a motor vehicle bring on? Get out and about by walking or biking to get from place to place. I can guarentee you'll love ti reap the rewards by limiting the usage of you car!    