"Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be imited by by dangers and doubts but should expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." This quote is by the author who is suggesting that studying Venus is worthy of pursuit despite the dangers it presents. "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" tells you about the risks of traveling to Venus, but how the exploration has value. The author could scare some readers instead of supporting his idea that Venus should be explored. The author does not support his idea well enough for people to be convinced that Venus should be explored despite the risks.

Venus has many challenges and dangerous characteristics, too dangerous for humans to travel and explore. Venus has a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets, and clouds of "highly corrosive sulfuric acid." The author states all these facts about Venus, and all of them describe a planet that is too dangerous to be explored. The author is not "supporting" his idea when stating these things, but he does support it when he states that Venus is the most "Earth-like planet in our solar system," because he is trying to get readers excited about exploring Venus. The author does not say these ideas enough for readers to find visiting Venus worthy.

The author suggests alternatives for traveling to the solar system, like hovering Venus, but these conditions are still dangerous to humans. We would only get limited insight if we did trial this idea. Also, researchers could not get samples of anything from the planet. The author also states that NASA is looking for other approaches like mechanical computers in the 1800s and 1940s, but the author also states that these computer may not be able to withstand the physical conditions of Venus. The author states these alternatives, but all of them have a down side that would not give enough information to the researchers.

The author does not give enough information about why we should take the risk of studying Venus. The author states many good insights about how our planet Earth and Venus are "twins", and how Venus has enough value to explore it. As readers, we see only the disadvantages the author states. For example, how hot Venus is, and how no human could possibly live if they went on the surface. Not only does the author state dangerous facts about Venus, he also states alternatives about how researchers could maybe find information about the planet. These altenatives however, don't satisfy what we want to figure out about Venus. If we sent people to hover safely above the planet, then we would only get limited insight. The author did not give enough supporting factors to the readers about exploring this dangerous planet.    