In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. As driverless cars are becoming a new deveoping technology, it's best to ask yourself, "Are driverless cars really a necessity?" The answer is, no, they are not a necessity for many reasons. We should not continue to develope driverless cars mainly because; driverless cars are not completely driverless, the car would need a new built-in entertainment system to put inside of the car, and if something were to go wrong with the car, who is to blame for this?

When you hear the words, "driverless car" what comes to mind? Perhaps, you think of a car that can take you anywhere, and young teens the age of thirteen not needing an adult to drive them to a desired destination. However, driverless cars are not 100% driverless. In the article, the cars are said to be able to steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, because of this an alert driver is said to still be required. People are still needed to be able to navigate through work zones and around accidents. Manufacturers are still working on creating new ways to alert the driver when human skills are needed, but it is no secret that this will continue to cost money.

Another reason why we should not have driverless cars, is because to have them, companies think a built-in entertainment system should be created, installed and required inside of all driverless vehicals. Today, we already have vehicals that contain a television inside for the passengers who occupy the back seats, to help keeped them entertained. This new entertainment system is said to shut off when the car needs the driver to take over and will not be available to a driver who is texting or using their phone in any way. However, putting in an entertainment system would still be considered a distraction, just the same as if someone were to be using their phone, and the article states drivers will need to remain alert, but they can not remain alert with an entertainment system.

Finally, we should not have driverless cars because, if an accident were to occure, or if something fails, who is to bame for this issue? There are situations where we would not know who to blame, the driver or the manufacturer. We could blame the driver, stating that they should have been paying attention and been alert to stop the accident before it occured. However, we could also blame the car's manufacturer, because they were supposed to build the car and make sure it was not able to fail in the first place.

As you can see, driverless cars could bring more trouble to us than we realize. They are not a necessity, we do not need to use driverless cars as our dominant way of transportation. The article states many positives and negatives aspects of the development of driverless cars. However, we should not continue to develope these cars because; driverless cars are not completely driverless, the car would need a new built-in entertainment system to put inside the car, and if something were to go wrong with the car, who is to blame for this?