Are driveless cars good or bad? Google may say that is good, but others say that it may be dangerous to civilians and those others on the road. in this article it states multiple times that a person behind the wheel will still have full control of the car. Then why aren't they driving it, instead of itself?

We live in a world full of distractions like our cellphones and such, so couldn't you be easily distracted. I think so. n a world of selfdriving cars there will be mishaps and a multiple number of accidents and deaths due to the "driver". JUst because they weren't causios of what they were doing. In the passasge it also states that it'll be a fun way to drive in this new world of technology.

Yet this can lead to bad accidents and crucial death.

We as humans are getting lazy to the point we don't walk anymore, we use a "hoverboard". Why need a self driving car, when we have people to drive us around like "Uber". It seemed like the only thing we had left to feel like something actually matterd was driving something we've done since the invention of the car. why make something we don't need. I believe it'll cause chaos and misfunctions to this world. This self driving car will let us truly know how lazy we are as humans how to avoid a simple task, of getting out and out of bed. If this car is available by 2020 it'll truly prove that those who get it are truly lazy. Even if it has sensors to keep your eyes on the road.

This car will allow teens and adults to text and drive as freeely becausen they don't have to worry about the possibility that someone will get hurt. this may be a small carbut it can effect thoe around them due to it being self drivng. This self driving car is a bad idea, and worst invention in man kind.

In conclusion, this car can be hurtful to economy, and those who surrond them, it will provide,texting and driving amoung them, an pure laziness. this will be a big distraction for teenagers and adults. though it has it's sensors, it won't ever be good enough. So would you buy this car?