Would you want to waste your summer on useless information, or getting a head start on what you are going to learn next year? Teacher-designed summer projects usually prepare you for what you will be learning. So, why not take that chance and have a head start. Teachers make these assignments for the students benefit. It is always better to be prepared, than to be struggling. Summer assignments should be teacher-designed, because the teacher would relate it to what they are going to learn, they could give the students a challenge and choices, and their topics could be more relevant to society.

Although, teacher-designed summer assignments could be more relevant, student-designed assignments would be more fun. The students know what they are interested in more than teachers do. Students could create and design summer assignments that they would enjoy. Doing something fun and entertaining to the students would make their summer not feel like a waste, even though it is for school. However, it may be more fun than if teachers made the assignment, but it would be a waste of time and effort. Students could make the assignment whatever they want and not have it benefit them in any way.

Having a summer assignment about what you are going to learn could help you prepare for that class. Teachers know what their students will be learning, so they should make summer assignments related to that. The assignment would then prepare them for that class next year, and their summer would not have been a waste after all. This could help many students, because everyone learns at a different pace. Students who need more time than others to comprehend the information would be getting a head start. So, when they come into school, they will not be struggling or behind everyone else.

Students could get a challenge or a choice to choose what they want, benefiting them and their interests. If students came up with the assignments, they could be too easy. Teachers know a students limit by their academic skills. If students had a challenge in the summer, it could be something they have never experienced before or thought about. Students would be learning and enjoying their summer at the same time.

Summer assignments should be relevant to society and not useless information. Teachers are usually aware of what is going on in society, whether that is economically or politically. They could make a summer assignment about an issue in our society. If there was a summer assignment like that, there would be many online resources to help the students since it is a current topic. This would also benefit the students by enlightening them in the problems of their own society and community.

In conclusion, summer assignments should be teacher-designed to benefit the student. Not all summer assignments are boring. They might require you to read a book or do some research, but it would help you in the near future. Students who do summer assignments are less likely to be confused or behind in class, since they had a preview of what they were learning. Teacher-designed summer assignments benefit students by giving them a head start on what they are learning, the assignment could be a challenge or a choice, and the topics could relate to society making it more relevant. 