Why do people get multiple opinions instead of just one? The answer is simple. Multiple opinions are better than one for many reasons, it is good to hear all sides of the story, two heads are better than one, and having multiple opinions helps you find the right answer.

Why should we listen to all sides of the story? Wouldn't it be better to just know one and stick with it? No! hearing all of the sides of a story helps you form better opinions and ideas. You can combine your ideas and opinions to make better, more thought out ideas. Hearing all sides of the story is also way more fair than only listening to one person and refusing to listen to any one else. If you do that, then how will you know if the choice you made is the right choice? Can you live with yourself forever knowing that you made the wrong decision?

Working together is better and easier than trying to do everything yourself. If you do that, you could try to do to much. If you do that, then you will never be able to catch up. Working together can fix that. If you work in a group, or just with a partner, you can get things done twice as fast. When working together you can make better ideas for how to do something. You can bounce back ideas and improve them. Working together can help you solve problems faster. Working with others is definitely better than trying to do everything alone.

Having multiple opinions can help you find the right opinion. No matter how much you are like someone, no matter how much you agree, you can not agree on everything. Two people can never be exactly alike. So you can't always get only one opinion from only one person. They might always give good advice and opinions, but sometimes their opinions are not right for you. You have to remember that you are your own person, and that sometimes things are right for other people, but they are not always right for you. You can talk it through with others and find a decision that is right for everyone. Talking decisions through can help you consider all possible options. Asking lots of people their opinion and why they think that can help you make a good design, but do not just do what everyone else did. You have to do what is best for you.

Getting multiple opinion can help you make better choices. You should hear all sides of the story, work in groups, and get multiple opinion to find the right decision for you. These things will help you make the best choice. Try them, and you will make great decisions. The only thing you have to do is get multiple opinions. 