I think that almost everyone has been in a situation where they need advice or just have no idea how to handle it. Many people are going through something traumatic but don't talk about it with anyone because they don't like to talk about feelings or are worried that the person they talk to will think less of them. If you talk to someone you can really help your self esteem and make yourself feel better. Besides that you can get opinions about the situation that you never could have thought of. But if you get advice from multiple people you can get a lot of opinions and solutions to really help you make the right decision on how to help the situation. Getting multiple opinions on a situation can help someone make the right decision because, it will give you a different perspective on the situation, give you different options on how to handle the problem, and just give you someone to talk to.

Getting multiple opinions on a situation can help someone make the right decision because, it will give you a different perspective on the situation. Getting a different perspective of the situation can help you make the right decision because you could be so overwhelmed with emotion that you are only thinking about yourself and not the other people in the situation. Sometimes if you are just thinking bout yourself you could make decision that benefit you but could really hurt the other people. If you talk to someone they can give you and idea about how the think the other people could be feeling, and if you talk to multiple people you can get a really good idea good idea about how the other people are feeling and how you decisions may impact them. Getting multiple perspectives of your situation can help you make the right decision on how to handle it because it will help you see how the other person is feeling and how your decision impact them.

Getting multiple opinions on a situation can help someone make the right decision because give you different options on how to handle the situation. From my own experience when I am in a situation that either makes me sad or angry I can only think of the worst thing I could possibly do to upset the other person even more, I can never think of a easy solution to benefit both people. this is why I talk to people about my problems with a trusted friend, parent or adult. Most of the time I would talk to all three of those people to get multiple solutions on how to handle your problems. I do this because then you have three different solutions then you can make the final decision on what to do. This is why getting multiple solutions to your problem can help utimentaly help you

Getting multiple opinions on a situation can help someone make the right decision because it will give you someone to talk to. Most of the time keeping a problem all balled up inside you can break you down and tear you apart because you can't let any of your feelings out. if you talk to a trusted friend or adult you can let the anger and sadness out and feel happiness and joy again. Just talking to one person is great and is an amazing start but if you talk to more than one person you will feel a lot better because then you will know there will always be someone there to help you out. By talking to other people you may not get a solution to your problem but you will feel a lot better knowing your are not alone and someone else knows what you are going through.

Talking about a situation can be hard especially if it is something really personal but by having a lot of people helping you and giving you advice you will defiantly get through it. Getting multiple opinions on a situation can help someone make the right decision because, it will give you a different perspective on the situation, give you different options on how to handle the problem, and just give you someone to talk to. Getting advice from more than one person can help you with the biggest problem to the littlest problem, but if you are struggling on making a decision deffinetly get multiple opinions before making your final choice.          