While it is important for students to socialize with their peers at school, it can also be a beneficial option for students to experience education elsewhere, whether that be online or at an alternate site. Reasons such as affects of weather, familiarity with technology, and a more flexible schedule show that it could be helpful for students in the long run to experience more than just the day-to-day classroom.

In places around the United States, it can be a problem for many students to get to school safely when inclement weather strikes the area. For these students, they can be out of school for days in the winter, which has a negative impact on their grades. It is difficult to learn and understand material when the students are only attending class intermittently. If students took online classes, this issue would resolve itself. Online classes offer a new opportunity that would involve students not leaving their houses. This promotes a better education and safety as they will not have to venture out into the bad weather. Video classes from home are essentially safer and better for the student's overall academic well being.

It is a known fact that this world is constantly changing and evolving into a more technology-based environment. While students already excel at a majority of technologies, it is unlikely that they have any extensive experience in online classes, seeing as most have spent their prior educational years in a classroom. With the help of online classes, students can familiarize themselves with the specific technology used for education. This could be beneficial for them in the future as well. The field of technology is constantly expanding which means the demand for specialists in this field in increasing. By students using this technology while they are young, they can gain the experience and, if they so choose, can enter into the field of technology with an advantage over the competition.

The normal school day has a very structured schedule. Students have to be there by a specified time, wait until an exact moment to leave any class, and even have to eat at a scheduled time. While structure and schedule are essential in an adolescents life, it is also important for them to gain the real world experience. In this new and growing world, regimented schedules, like the schools, are not seen as much, which can surprise students who are unprepared. Online classes give the perfect opportunity for students to gain the experience of a more flexible schedule. I personally took an online class, and it was very useful in showing me what a more practical day looks like. One of the biggest differences I noticed was that when I was done my work, I didn't have to stay on the website any longer, unless I wanted to get ahead. In other words, I could work at my own pace, which is very beneficial to all students, whether they work quickly or need a little extra time to complete an assignment. Online classes give students the opportunity to be flexible while still receiving the real world experience.

Overall, online classes are very beneficial to students and they give many new opportunities and experiences that would otherwise be out of reach. Some of theses opportunities include ways of learning around the obstacle of weather, technological experience, and a flexible schedule. Online classes have the potential to help advance and revolutionize the school system that would bring the United States into a new era of education. 