The world has become extremly evolved and is now able to create software that can read every single emotion on a person's face. It can be used in several different situations. From the text, the author talked about how it is used to read emotion in paintings and also read emotions of students. This emotion reading technology would be a good addition to the classroom because it could help to make sure kids are more engaged in the lessons.

Today, school can feel long and tiring. If we had emotion reading technology in schools, it would help to engage students more in the lessons. The author explained how if a student begins to show boredom during a lesson, it would be able to change it in a way to please the student. If that was added to schools, students would be able to focus more since the lesson is being tailored to that specific student. Not only will it recognize when a student is bored, but also confused. If a student gets confused during a lesson, the computer can help by reapeating that part of the lesson. In a normal classroom with a teacher, you would have to stay after class to be able to get more explanation of the lesson. In paragraph 6, Dr. Huang notes, "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication." What he means by this is that people don't express their emotions by telling them to others. We don't share how we feel. We simply try to express it on our faces. A teacher wouldn't tailor the lesson to each and every person's emotion based on their facial expression. It would be impossible to tailor the lesson to a classroom of 25 students and their needs. Each student in the classroom has a different mind set. Some are able to concentrate well and pass with straight As. Others are unable to concentrate and will only pass with a C. With this new technology, we would be able to tailor the lessons so that each student is able to pass with good grades.

The technology to read facial expressions of emotion would be helpful in the classroom to help students focus more and understand their school work more. If you stop paying attention for just a second, you'll be lost for the majority of the lesson. When there is technology to read your emotions, it'll be able to understand when it needs to modify the lesson to suit the student's needs. 