Dear Principal,

I know you are stuck between two policies and you don't know which one to choose. I think that "Policy 1" , is the one you should choose. I think that because all us students have cell phones and use them and take them everywhere we go. So, yes we bring them to school. I think that policy would do good because during class we cant use them, so say kids used there phones during class, that means they could be cheating on tests or getting homework answers from there friends. This policy says that we have to have them turned off during class which i agree with because that means people cant be cheating or getting answers to anything anymore.

I also think its a good idea because use them during free time could be great for us students because during that free time we could text our parents and let them know if they need to pick us up after school or we are riding the bus home. Also we could tell them if we have after school activities and they don't need to pick us up after them are over. Which this would be so much easier for parents because we aren't telling them at the last minute that we need picked up after school because we missed the bus or we just need picked up because we are reminding them that we do so they don't forget all about it.

Also, if parents have work they don't want to wait till the last minute to know you have after school activities so if they are working late then they can call someone else and tell them to pick you up and instead of having the parents stressed out and all upset and yelling at you because you didn't tell them this sooner.

That makes it easier for parents and students then. Also, if students forget what pages there homework was or what time is practice after school they can text one of their friends and ask them. If we had the other policy, then how could we figure out if we had homework or not ,and that we forgot about it. Or that there is a test that we need to study for, that you forgot about. Than you wouldn't know and get a zero on your homework and a bad grade on your test, which isn't good. That also means we would get a bad grade in that class and that means we can't play sports or be in after school activities. Then our parents would be all mad at us and they would be stressed out even more.

Also, if we are in sports and we have practice after school and we totally forget, than we could text one our friends that is on the same team as you and ask them "Hey do we have practice after school?" and they reply "Yes, we do at 3:00 till 5:00.". Then we would know and wouldn't get in trouble the next day by the coach for missing practice.

This would make parents and students less stressful and upset. That's why i think we should have cell phones in school during free time and lunch periods instead of having them at all.

Sincerely,

One of your students.