My personal belief is that driverless cars should not be allowed on the roads. Driverless cars sound efficient and luxurious but they are really accidents waiting to happen. Many car companies that want to develop driverless cars talk about a world where no ever has to buy a car again because of this new and more efficient form of public transportation. This new form of public transportation would have many flaws due to humans not being in control of the vehicle such as accidents and malfunctions.

Google is one of the companies that want to get driverless cars out on the road to try and make the roads safer. But would that really make the roads safer or more dangerous? Google has tested driverless cars already and they stated,"Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents." My question is how does the car know when to alert the driver? Does it have sensors on the front of the car that detect traffic, and if so what if the sensors fail and the car continues to drive at a steady speed right into heavy traffic before the driver has time to react because he was relying on a car to alert him? The same goes for the car detecting roadwork or if a person is crossing the street or someone riding their bike falls into the road. There are too things that could go wrong on these cars to have them out on the road.

There are laws that prevent driverless ars being tested because the government believes that these cars are dangerous to pedestrians and other vehicles. If the government believes that these cars are too dangerous for the roads then why do certain companies want these cars to be on the roads? Car companies want these cars on the roads because they would be expensive to buy and they would make alot of profit if they where able to sell these types of vehicles. They are cars out now that have driverless features such as parallel parking and automatic breaking but these features have failed many times. Driverless cars are driven by computers which can malfunction like all computers do at one time or another.

My beliefs are that these cars should never be produced because they are nothing but a threat to pedestrians and other vehicles on the road. I agree with this sentance from paragraph nine,"Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver.". I agree with this because there are too many flaws with driverless cars. There are alot of things that can go wrong with humans driving cars but there are even more things that can go wrong with driverless cars.