Although school can be a headache at times, imagine having to take all your classes from home. It doesn't sound like a bad idea to me. But if you want to speak realistically, I don't even believe that I would pass all of my classes with full effort. Technology is something special. With the mindset of children nowadays, I know for a fact that if they were struggling on a subject, they probably wouldn't even study it. The day of the test, they would probably just google and search up everything. Taking classes at home will not benefit you because it allows you to be lazy, you can easily be distracted, and you won't be able to put your full effort foward.

Some people are willing to make sacrafices no matter how bad it will effect them in their future. Cheating will get you no where but disrelief. In the meantime, it may feel good because you passed but what goes on in the dark will eventually have to come to light. For example, say I am taking classses at home for Generic_Name. I pass every single test online with a high score because i've been cheating myself all along. When they invite me to come to the college and take a few more classes there, I seem to be clueless. Well if you put two and two together, it wouldn't be hard to figure out what is really going on. Because how will you learn all of those units and get the complete understanding of everything in just a little bit amount of time? Think about it.

Half of of time when I have to do homework, I get distracted by my celephone, the televison, my siblings, or just anything around me that makes noise in general. I don't know what I would do with myself if I had to do all of my school work at home. It only takes me about an hour or less to do my homework, so imagine having to do full essays and learn new math material. I would loose my mind. With there being so many things to distract me, I wouldn't be able to focus or completely understand what I am supposed to be doing.

In fact, talking to someone through a screen and speaking to someone in person is two different things. You have a limited time. What you may have forgotten to ask your teacher, you will not be able to ask again until you video chat again. Sometimes that may be weeks or days. Versus to begin in school, you can always go down to their class during the day to ask whatever it is that you need to know.

Everyone has their own preference though. But if I had to choose, I would rather go to an public or private school before i chose to take my classes at home. Although being at a public school, students still get distracted by other kids and sometimes do not try at their fullest abilities, they still learn communication skills. Being stuck behind a computer screen all your life will not help you. You have to learn how to overcome obstacles and trust me, being in a public school will teach you a lot about life. It not only helps you grow mentally but emotionally as well.