Could you imagine only having one person to ask all your advice and questions to? I don't think I could ever imagine that because I believe that seeking multiple opinions for advice can best help a person to make the best choice.

When I get multiple opinions I can get a different point of view on my choices, I can make sure the choice I am making is the best choice by learning from other people, and it makes me more open minded to things I haven't tired before. I do think that you also shouldn't just get your opinion from anyone, especially in today's society with social media, but I do think that having multiple opinions to come back to is truly important.

When I get multiple opinions for advice I can get a different outlook and perspective of my own opinion at hand. I think that if I only asked the same person for advice I would become small minded and my actions would reflect that. My choices would always be influenced by that person and I would lack understanding of others. It also makes me realize things I never knew. For example, when I was doing course selections for high school this year I did not know what science class to take. The county and my science teacher do not support taking biology in freshman year; I, however, asked a friend of mine in high school what it was like since she was taking the class freshman year. She told me that it was not impossible, but just a lot of work you need to be committed to do. I am glad that I got another opinion from her because It helps me to realize that it isn't an impossible course to take which my teacher made me believe. I think getting different advice also gives you a diverse point of view of people and their lives. Another example I have is about my grandma. My grandparents grew up during a war and have different opinions on things than others. One thing my grandma hates to do is waste food. Always growing up I knew that I shouldn't waste food and if I was ever getting rid of old food, I should do it when grandma's not home. While at school though I notice that there are people who waste food and it's normal for them. The different opinions of people affect their values and lifestyle and I think it is important to understand them.

Getting multiple opinions can help you to verify your choice is the best one. When I'm making a difficult choice I usually seek advice from those close to me. For example, when I was deciding whether or not to apply to TJ my mom's opinion was absolutely yes. I felt that this was my only choice until I told my grandma. My grandma told me that when my mom had went to TJ she had constantly been stressed. My grandma said that she did not want to push me to go to TJ and only go If I wanted to. Having more than my mom's advice was useful when I did end up deciding to apply because it made me aware of the choice I was making. When you get multiple opinions it bring up things you may have overlooked. When a doctor has a patient who has an issue that they are not sure what it is or the best way to treat them, they'll get a second opinion.

Getting a second opinion from another doctor can help get the patient the best treatment for their particular situation or condition. One person alone could look over minor details that another person would not. My last point is that you may find the answer you were truly looking for. When my mom was looking into getting new floors, she did not just get one opinion. She went around and got different advice on the type of wood, style and color. She got multiple opinions until she got the choice that she truly loved and was happy with. I believe that getting different opinions can help to solidify the choice you are making as the best one you could choose.

Getting more than one opinion makes you more open minded to things you haven't tried before. An example I have is when I went shopping with my friends. While we were shopping we picked out outfits for each other. I got to try on stuff I never would have chosen on my own or with my sister. I found things I absolutely loved that I would not have tried without their advice. When you get different opinions you also widen your option of choices to choose from. Five years ago when my family was getting my current dog, we went looking on pet websites. There was a pet store we always went to and decided to maybe get a puppy from there. It wasn't until we found out from our friends who had got a puppy from there that many dogs from that store get sick. It was basically a puppy mill. My mom went and found reviews for the store online. She found a review that said a certain breeding place in Maryland was the place to go instead. Taking that lady's advice we drove down to Maryland and got my dog who is still with me today. She is one of the best choices I have ever made and i'm grateful that we found her. I don't think that we would have went to this specific breeder without the advice from reviews and our friends. Getting different opinions can affect even more simple things in daily life. My example is ordering off a menu. As I get older, instead of just ordering the things my parents tell me to get, I may ask the waiter or a person who goes there often for their opinion on the best stuff there. This gets me to try new things and makes my meals more fun. Getting different opinions gives you more variety in life based on others' life experience.

All in all, I still think that getting multiple opinions on different advice can help someone to make the best choice possible. When I seek different opinions I can get a different view on the topic, it makes me sure my choice is the best one by learning from others' stories and opinions. It also makes me more prone to trying new things. I think that you should always get advice from different people because they all have different experiences in life. I know that even in the future I will still want to have different opinions to be able to reflect and learn from.