When the word summer comes into people's mind, they think of going to the beach, amusement park, hang out with friends and visit another country. Even though summer is designed to be a break for people after working for a long time, schools may have an alternative motive. Schools would assign summer projects to either students or teachers but the ones who need the most would be the students. I know students themselves don't like to do anything in the summer, but it's necessary to maintain what they have learned and to prepare for the coming year that may or may not be a challenge. I've seen such students in my grade who have completed their projects and are ready to journey through the storm.

During a break, whether it be a summer, spring, or winter break we don't just take a physical break but a mental break as well. With this mental break, our minds are drifted into our own fantasy away from education. This can be good for students to have a break from school that takes up most of our train of thought and not to have enough time to enjoy themselves. However, when the break is over, most students return to school being lazy and tired to learn. In addition to being lazy and tired, students as well may have forgotten most of what they have learned during the year. Now imagine that for a summer break that is two months long with no assignments or projects to complete; this would have students to be mindless zombies who aren't ready to return to school and may have difficulty readjusting to the system. Summer projects designed for students would keep their thinking cap on for a while to maintain what they have learned throughout the year and return to implement their own knowledge into the new material they learn.

As we all know each year of school, work, or life brings their own challenges for each of us. In students case it would be school mainly that they would have to deal challenges such as new learning materials, longer assignments and short projects. With no student-designed projects for the summer, students may have more of a challenge to be prepared for the coming year since they have their brain laying in bed. Usually student-designed projects are assigned for upcoming 1st graders, 2nd graders, 3rd graders, etc. With these projects students will have an idea what to expect a bit for the next coming year but to be ready for whatever come to them and complete it easily.

Overall, students would be the ones who need this assigned project to maintain what they have learned and to prepare for next year. Even though there may be others who argue that summer is meant to be a break for students and that teachers are the ones who should be assigned to the project since it's their job and they must know what they should do for the next coming year. I can understand those counter claims but teachers could be able to plan out during a school year instead during summer because teachers also need a break. Even though summer is meant to be a break for students, it would drain their brain from what they have spent months learning and not be ready for the coming year. I know that students want to have a break with no assignments or projects, but with them they could be successful in the long run.