Think about the last time you had to make a choice and did not know what to do, did you think about it by yourself, or did you have family members and friends help you? You may think that some stuff may be personal, and while it may be, you can still have people who you can talk to to help. Many people might have had a problem like yours and know exactly how to help in a dire time of need. There are multiple people that can help, even if you don't think so, and it is better to hear what other people have instead of your own gut because you will never know if you don't try and you may even be wrong. It is important to hear multiple opinions because you have more ideas that you can listen/connect to, you could have different ideas that could make you think more about everything around and the world, and you can have lots of support if you are in a rough time and need help to know what to do.

When you listen to a lot of other people, think about all of the ideas you can listen to and maybe even a few you can heavily relate to. This is why hearing lots of opinions is a very good thing, you have lots of ideas to hear and decide on. You don't have to just take one idea and go with it only for it to not not work and completely fail to make the problem worse. There are even ideas that can make everything you did better and some ideas you can massively relate and connect to possibly on a personal level. Even if you think your idea is good, think about what you're about to do and possibly change your idea and quickly, or else you might just take a very bad approach to a problem you thought you could do on your own. Just take someones advice that sounds good, reasonable, and maybe even some thing you can relate to because you can't tell the future and you might just go with your opinion and it may even spiral out of control to the point where there is no going back.

When you hear different peoples advice, how much do you think about it and how much does it change your world and thought. Imagine you have a math problem and you and your partner have a disagreement, would you change your mind if they had really solid facts, and would it change your thought process? We are human and we are not always right and learning from our mistakes is how we know we are human. When I sometimes hear peoples opinions, sometimes I prove them false because I usually like to be right, but if there opinion is good and well-planed out, then I would believe and respect their opinion and maybe apply it to my life to help myself. You can never be sure about what you think, and worst case scenario someones advice changes your mind and and they are right when you were not. Take someones personal opinion next time and it may just change your entire world and everything you thought about the world today.

Have you had a rough time and thought about doing something but not telling anyone because of how bad your current situation is? Talking about our problems is a way we can relieve those problems and maybe even take away the added stress we have thinking about our problems. Friends and family members are great people you can talk to because you trust them and they will most likely help you because that is what friends do and your family loves you and will always help you. There are even people that you may not know that can help you in times where you are sad and hate everything about the world. Lots of people can give you advice on how you can change your life and it is easy once it works and you can feel better when they give you their advice. Even if you are not having a bad time, you can still take advice for the future and time to come.

So that is why it is better to take lots of peoples opinions instead of a few/your own because people can think like you and people always have a hard time, and different ideas can encourage us to try harder. There are many people in the world you can talk to and people you may not even know can help in the hardest times of your life. Even if you think your opinions are still better and there was no point to this, just try someone else's opinion if you can because they might change everything about you. If you don't try taking peoples opinions, then you might not know how greatly they can impact your life because they might have thought more about the solution then you did.