Have you ever been stuck on a difficult situation?

Well try seeking multiple opinions!

Seeking multiple opinions can definitely help someone make a better choice.

Seeking opinions can help you by hearing on which opinions are better, learn from other's experience, and can help explore your mind on other options.

Hearing different opinions can help you choose which opinion is the best.

For example, when I was designing a dress for a friend, I asked my mom which fabric will work best.

My mom suggested cotton and gave her reasoning why, but when I asked my sister she suggested silk.

My family will always have different opinions when I ask for advice.

Therefore, I will always ask them first to see their opinions.

Another example is when I was trying to decide if I should go to the cardinal.

A few of my friends had said no because they have heard horrible things about it, but most of my friends said yes.

I decided to not go because of the cardinals safety issues.

This example shows on how hearing different opinions can reflect on me.

Lastly, I was having some difficulty on if I should straighten or curl my hair.

I had asked my friends and they recommended that I curl my hair.

This shows that hearing different opinions can change on what you think.

All of these examples help me out on a daily basis.

Hearing different experiences can also help you choose on your situation.

For example, when I asked my sisters on which elective was the most amusing, they had both said FACS.

They both recommended me FACS because they had a lot of fun in that class in their past.

Other peoples experiences can help me a humongous amount in choosing electives.

Another example is what type of job I want to have in the future.

Since my dad is a lawyer and my mom is a nurse,

I can hear both of their experiences on their jobs.

Their sharing of experiences puts my mind into a different aspect.

Lastly, when I had asked my friends on which clothing brand has the best quality of shorts.

From all of my friends shopping experiences, they had said American Eagle.

Sharing experiences also helps me choose which clothing brand is the best for shorts!

Sharing experiences can change my entire mind on what I should do.

Seeking for multiple opinions helps your mind explore on even more options.

For example, when I asked my friends for where I should go for spring break, they recommended to me Mexico or California.

I wasn't interested in either so I decided Jamaica!

This example shows on how my mind decided to explore and choose a different state or country.

Another example is when I asked for my friends opinion on the outfits I had picked and they all either chose outfit one or outfit two.

I decided to be bold and go for outfit three.

This shows how my mind went to a different path.

One last example is when I had asked my sisters which book I should read and they both recommended me Cinderella.

I chose sleeping beauty instead because it caught my attention.

Although they both had said Cinderella, I still chose Sleeping Beauty.

Hearing multiple opinions can explore my mind on way more options I can choose for the future.

I believe that seeking multiple opinions has a huge benefit on you and your future.

Seeking opinions will help you choose the best options, hear from others experiences, and explore your mind for greater potential!

Overall, these all have a huge impact on everyone.

Seeking multiple opinions can even change the word!