Online schooling has been used a lot for homeschooling, summer school and so forth. The idea of distance learning isn't very beneficial to students attending it,it's only to get the basics down and pass the class, they don't get the full learning experience out of the subject hence just knowing basic stuff about the subject. Schools that offer distance learning don't offer the full experience of the subject that students would usually get in class, I don't agree with it because majority of students are visual learners, doesn't include group work to help create more ideas, and online school just covers the basics.

Many students are visual learners and need face to face learning with teachers, I've seen lots of people struggle with online school because of not understand concept or getting the facts in on the subject. From my experience when I took Geometry online I struggled a lot, we were moving way to fast and in a matter of weeks we reach the mid-term. I gained so much anxiety from worrying about this test that I threw up. This mental impact could affect anyone, I'm not saying this will happen to everyone but anything can happen. Along with that I see it helps teachers better explain a topic face to face than virtually, they can only draw the equations or make small diagrams which wouldn't enough for some students.

Group work is something a lot may despise or love but it really helpful when it comes to learning about new topics in a subject. Collaborative work is beneficial to students for sharing ideas and teaching the students how communicate better. Online there's none of that, in a sense if you do a group project there wouldn't be a lot of communication going on and it wouldn't really teach the student on how to organize and communicate respectfully while sharing great ideas. From when I was doing geometry online, the students in the class didn't do much talking, it was over all silent and all we heard was the teacher go quickly through the lesson as we had an hour that day to learn about it. Me and the other students scarcely talked to each other, we didn't do much even when the teacher would put us into little groups. From this experience this showed the inefficiency group work has on students online and wouldn't work well.

online classes lack the full knowledge of the subject, its more for people who want brush over the topic quickly and pass. When going in depth on this, I'm talking about how they would really teach the student the main points of each chapter of a subject while in class they would go over every little detail about that subject. If the student wanted to learn more they would probably go online and search about it and have inaccurate information rather than having close to accurate information in class. Missing these opportunities of learning more would probably harm the student in one way or a another, for example if there was a an equation that was't taught during Algebra online and that same equation was used in Physics they would struggle a lot but would've been prevent if they taught the whole subject fully.

In conclusion, the idea of distance schooling is not suitable because majority of students are visual learners, , doesn't include group work to help create more ideas, and online school only just covers the basics. It should be more for students that continuously miss class because of home problems, health issues or things they take part in like a sport. Offering this could affect students that want to know more but wouldn't get more because of the lack of subject teaching and communication going on.