Phones & Driving

Phones have been around for several of years. They have become a crucial part of everyday society. They actually make life easier. These devices help with communication, entertainment, & education. Though they help with all these things phones also hinder us. Human have become dependent on their phones. We don't know what to do without them. We use them at wrong times. For example when we are driving. Drivers use their phones all the time. Some times for the right reason. Some times for the wrong. There has been an age old debate asking if drivers should be able to use their phones while driving. I believe that drivers should be able to use their phone while driving

I say drivers should be able to use their phones while driving, but to an extent. Drivers should be able to use their phones to perform certain task. For example they should be able to use their phones for directions. I feel that is a reasonable reason for drivers to be on their phone. It can prevent drivers from getting lost on the road. It can help people get to their destination if they get lost. Also I feel talking on the phone can be an acceptable while driving. Even though people will take advantage of that privilege it's important to have that ability.

Even though I feel people should be able to use their phones I see where people's concern comes from. Humans have a tendency to get distracted very easy. This has been proven several times. Driving is something that requires a lot of concentration and adding phones to the mix can make it harder. Though this is true people can multitask. Also there are ways for the government to make using your phone and driving is safe. Put regulations in play that limit the use of phones. I feel that would solve a lot of the problems around this topic.

I believe the people should be able to use their phone while driving. There's really nothing you can do to stop people from doing it. Instead of trying to make it illegal just put some regulations in play. That will give the people what they want while making it safe to drive. These are reasons why I feel people should be allowed to use their phone while driving.   