You may think its a waste of your life being a Seagoing Coyboy but let's just think about it. Think of all the places you could go and see for just a little bit of work! Some may say "Oh well

Luke wasted his life being a Seagoing Cowboy." well they're wrong. Luke got to see so many amazing things on his way home alothough taking care of cattle and almost fallingnover i might have considered it to. What luke did was amazing helping countries get pieced together again after the war by taking cattle from one place to another. Luke said "The cattle-boat trips were an unbelievable for a small town boy." i bet they were!

You might be saying why would i waste years of my life for this? Well I say they're not wasted! Going on trips for free doing some minor work is better than staying at home eating potato chips with some doctor pepper watching who knows what like the Oprah show or somthing. I would go on the trips for the thrill of it plus i've never been out of North America so that would be fun. Oh what is that your saying? You dont like leaving your home? Well get a house boat for the cattle then you can ride withc the cattle and have modern day comforts. What now? House boats are to expensive? Then tie ballons to your house like Carl did in Up. I know I know helium and ballons are expensive. What is that? You hate traveling? Well if so why are you even reading this im trying to argue why its good to be a cattle-boater. So i came up with the perfect sollution! Buy a horse,a cow,a goat, and a boat and. BAM! You have a cattle-boat. What now? You get sea-sick well take a bag because this is a good job and im sure it pays good, because you know on a boat with stinky animals. All you'd have to do is clean thier pens give them food and water and i'm sure bathe them. See? Simple job. Besides like Luke had an opurtunity of a life time getting to see so many places. What now? Oh you dont like the ocean well then...

Buy a pool and let your imagination play out. It's not that hard right? Why would you argue about a job when you can: A. See the world, B. Do little work, and C.Help others. Thats like helpping an orphan child who has no-one to adopt them. So get off your couch finnish the doctor pepper and potato chips and get to work on Sea-cattleing!