Some schools offer programs that allow students to learn through an online class or video conferencing. These programs can help students complete high school early and overall help them get a head start on their adult life. Many students like to work at their own pace and depending on how they gather new information, online schooling is a much more comfortable way of education. Although many people believe that learning through online school can't help students as well as traditional schooling where students go to a campus, many others believe that online education is a progressive way of learning that will allow students to work at a pace that is comfortable for them.

For starters, waking up at six in the morning is a struggle for many people, whether it's people going to work or students going to school. Students today value freedom and comfort, which is why if students were to use this new way of education and not take it for granted, online schooling could make a huge impact on future generations that want to learn using this form of education. Many older generations disagree with online education, they believe that if a student has too much freedom, they will soon become rebellious and not work on their schoolwork. Although this is a possibility, the thought that all students will take advantage of this program and slack off is toxic for the students. Many students today know the importance of a quality education which is why older people should trust that students will be responsible enough to make choices that will help them prepare for their future.

Based on my research, students don't necessarily dislike school, their main struggle is to wake up early in the morning to go to school for eight hours. Learning with a teacher is probably the most effective and easy way to obtain new information, which is why video conferencing will still help students learn because they are being taught by an instructor. In

The Narrative of Frederick Douglas,

Frederick was a slave with no real education, but, one day his new mistress taught him how to spell a few short words. After that, some kids in his neighborhood taught him the alphabet, then he taught himself how to read and write. He believed that education was the most important hing anyone can have. Frederick Douglas is a perfect example on why learning independently is so beneficial. After reading his narrative, I understand why education is such a privilege, whether its online or not.

On the other hand, studies show that school plays a huge factor on students mental health. The intense tests and quizzes, the continuous deadlines, and most importantly, conforming to social expectations by fellow classmates. All of these examples bring a downfall on students mental health, which can lead to depression, stress, and anxiety. These are key factors on why learning online or learning in school should be decided and accessible by the students. When students have the freedom to learn the way they want, at a pace that feels comfortable to them, their mental heath can improve dramatically. Students will benefit from this method of schooling mentally and academically.

In conclusion, online schooling may not be the best form of education, but there is no doubt that students benefit from it. In my English class, we learned about why self reliance is important, it is where we can rely on ourselves and trust that we make the right decisions. Statistics shows students are more independent and self-reliant when it comes to learning by themselves. Online schooling is an overall independent way of learning which will help students mature and grow as people.  