In my opinion I think driverless cars are a bad idea. I think they are inconvinent. I believe that bad things could happen if there were driverless cars, such as accidents and or death itself. Lastly, I believe that malfunctions can and will happen in driverlss cars. In this essay I will explain why I think driverless cars are a bad idea for more then one reason.

To start off with, driverless cars are not completely driverless as of right now. Therefore they are very in convinent because they cannot go through work sites or traffic areas, where most people wouldn't want to drive through. Details taken from the passage are "...Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alret the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents."

In my experience I find driving through work cites to be a little scary because you have to maintain a slow speed and make sure you do not hit anything or injure anyone. With workers on the road it makes it scary as well because accidents can happen, but you never want them to occur. In my opinion this is a huge inconvience for people who get nervous driving through these areas.

Secondly, I believe that bad things could occur from driverless cars, such as malfunctions causing a car to maybe stop working with you inside it would possibly the car losing control of itself and you being injure because of this. They have driverless cars right now that are not completely driverless and you have to drive for certain parts of the road, but what if this dosn't work and the car continues to drive through a work cite with a speed limit of

20 mph going a speed of 50 mph? Someone would end up getting hurt and you would end up with a big fine or jail time. Taken from the text itself, "...new laws willbe needed in order to cover liability in the case of an ccident. I fhte technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" This means that if something bad happens no one knows who wil be blamed.

Next, cars can malfunction adn there have been recalls in the past because of things that have gone wrong. For example brakes not working causing a death toll. What car brand wants someone to look at their cars and then see a death toll due to the fact that the car companies brakes didn't do their job and a person couldn't stop? Driverless cars have many sensors. AS started from the text, "For starters, they needed a whole lot of sensors." Sensors and almost anything else can malfunction for no reason at all. Because of how many sensors would be in a completely driverless car there is no way to insure that every sensor will work properly and make sure no mistakes will be made.

Some people may say that times are changing and technology is at an all time high and they would be correct, however I do not believe that driverless cars are the future. I believe that they are dangerous and could do more harm then good. That is why in my opinion driverless cars are a bad idea for more then one reason. 