Giving teachers an extra task like designing a summer based project can be hard or easy it really just depends on how you look at the situation. Teachers assign projects all year, so this should be no different. There are many types of teachers that teach many different subjects that have to be remembered. Students are expected to learn numerous things in just one school year, so being assigned a summer project covering everything and adding in new topics can generate ideas for students and get them to researching on their own and teaching them self things they never knew. Teachers will be available for emails from students and or parents to ask for help or a guiding hand. A lot of the time students are asked questions by teachers throughout the school year on things they were not taught or on things they cannot remember, so being assigned a project that is in dept could save them from that one embarrassment in front of their classmates.

First, students will be introduced to new topics in their project. This will get students to thinking and they will want to research since technology is the biggest thing right now. This will result in them participating and they will find out new information while completing their work. The new topics will help them learn stuff that is expected to be covered. The remembering will be first priority in their project. Students will have a variety of topics in each subject and they will be expected to complete it fully. No student is allowed to leave anything undone or uncompleted. Each student is encouraged to email their teacher or research the topics and find out any information, just saying they did not understand or they did not know what to put will be unacceptable.

Secondly, every teacher will be expected to leave contact information to be reached. Students are only expected to contact their teacher for help on his or her project. This is given to every student but mainly for ones without internet. There are also students who do not have parents or anyone they can rely on to help them so the teachers information is there for anyone nobody is singled out. Parents that graduated years ago may not be able to include input to their children work because they were not taught the same or know many of the things students are taught now so they are more than welcome to contact teachers for any information pertaining to the subject, this will maybe even help parents learn something.

Students should create their own projects to show what they learned all year and what they do not know. Not every child needs a guiding hand or someone to lead them in the right direction. Each student can come up with their own project to show that they remember important lessons from class meetings. The teachers should not have to take their summer time to email parents and students back about things they were taught while in school. On the other hand, few students make it to class everyday to be apart of the class discussions and are not allowed to hear the notes. A lot of the things that teachers go over during class is not put into the missing work folder. The teacher could have given out many really important points that any student could have easily not paid any attention to, misheard, or was not in class to hear. Being assigned this project can help many students learn new things or relearn something they probably did not understand.

To conclude this, teacher-designed projects can not only benefit students it helps them relearn things they did not understand. Nobody is perfect and anyone is capable of not knowing the right information due to miscommunication. It is alright to ask for help if you do not understand it is recommend to students. Some things can be self taught, but still not fully understood. Having a teacher that is willing to put in the effort to help his or her students shows dedication and any student should be thankful and take the help. By the end of the school year students are probally burnt out with tons of work and this project could bring back so much information that was covered. 