In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," I do not agree with the author. I do not agree with him because there are so many things about it that make it unable for humans to live on it. For example the average tempature is over 800 degrees, the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than Earth, and the atmospheare is almost 97 percent carbon dioxide. When further reading this article I noticed that there are a lot of bad things that could happen on Venus, but very few good things. Human bodys would not be able to adapt to the difference between Earth and Venus.

My first argument for this article is the tempature reaching over 800 degrees Fahrenheit. When the tempature is that high it would make it hard for humans to live becuase our body's are not used to it. Also it would not be easy to have anything there for good nutrition. You would be unable to plant anything or even have a liquid without it boiling. Even hovering over it by 30 miles it is still around 170 degrees Fahrenheit. Also to counter this article is that the atomospheric pressure is 90 times greater then what it is on Earth. For example as stated in the article it would crush a submarine. Imagine what it would do to your body, or even anything you were to own. And finally the atmosphere is 97 percent carbon dioxide which would make it very hard to breath. When caribon dioxide is that high is would be very hard to survive because you would not be able to grow any food, or breath. And also the clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid. Which does not make it any better for humans only worse.

When reading the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," I relized that Venus is not a good pursuit because there is no way humans will ever be able to live on it. I know this because the tempature is over 800 degrees, the atmospheric pressure is 90 times grater then what it is on Earth, and finally 97 percent of the atmosphere is carbon dioxide. Therefore it would not be a worthy pursuit because human are unable to live on it. 