Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I don't think it's a good idea because their are a lot of reason why it's not civilize in my part. I just think students should just attend classes in school like a normal person.

One of the reason why I think it's a bad idea to attend school at home is the students wouldn't be caught with their work and be mainly focus on there electronics and other worthless things. Students now don't even want to do the assigments that teachers give them to do at home, what makes you think they would want to do a class at home. Students wouldn't check up on there online work you know it's just a waste of learning time. They also wouldn't learn nothing since the students are doing them on there own, students can't ask questions if they're stuck on a problem they would have to figure that out. Also students wouldn't put in the effort to do the work and also cheat on test and that's not good on their part. It's just not a good idea, it's realy not that hard to attend school get through the days and come home and do wha you normally do on your daily basis. Even if you video conferencing it will still distract the students from learning because they would be busy doing something else, and won't get introuble from it. If this happen highschool and it's a credit class that you need and the student's taking thyeclasses home that can affect them from graduating because high schoolers don't like to do work in generally and that's another bad reasons.

My second reason is students wouldn't handle sitting at home infront of a screen doing all this work and not knowing what they're actually doing and it could affect them also. This can cause students to be depress as well since there always alone in there room instead of interacting with the teachers and their fellow classmates. Students wouldn't want to go through that being at home attending classes is just take precious time in school, exploring in an actual school, doing activities, actually talking to a teachers, and seeing your friends it woulod make the students life much easier. Being in school is like being at home the only difference is you don't get to sleep, or do the things you want to do, students are there to learn and get through the day instead of being at home and doing classes there in a boring house. A lot can get done at school then home students will learn way easier if there in school then at home students can help you also teachers in any work, they will undersand it since the teacher is explaining it infront of the students. If they were to do classes at home they wouldn't get help from anybody they would have to do on there own. The populations of students doing classes at home and not get anything done would be higher then going to school and that's not really good for the schools. It would also look bad on college applications because the amount of work students don't do if they were to do classes at home.

Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because student won't get there work done and wouldn't be intelligent if they were to choose to take classes at home. Wouldn't want to learn either since there so caught up on the things they would do normally at the house. That's my reasons why it's a bad idea to do clases at home, it wouldn't benefit the students at all.