"Good morning students, this is your morning announcements. This is your principle speaking. I would like to make an announcement that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity this year. Thank you for listening." "That sounds like a great idea. I can do track this year," I said. "I can do drama club this year," said the girl that sat behind me. If the principal made us do at least one extracurricular activity this year, that would have students make new friends, be active in activities they like, and help get into a class or what to do to make this into a career.

Making friends is something that everyone wants to do during the school year. While playing a sport, you can make good friends, and do the sport you really like. When I did track last year, I made many great friends. The friends you make in school, might have a chance to grow up to still being one of your best friends. Making new friends can help increase your social life and have someone to talk to. Studies show that people that have many friends, tend to live longer, and have a happier life. But people that have don't have any friends, shows that they don't live as long. Doing clubs can also have a chance to make many friends. By doing drama club, theater club, or a robotics club, new people that you meet might have the same interests as you, and the two can share things they like to do and do as a hobby. This creates bonds with other people and groups. These bonds can eventually create friendships.

Doing sports in something people really like to do as a hobby. They can be physical sports or non-physical sports that they can participate in. People also like to be active in clubs such as the yearbook club, drama club, or even the robotics club. Extracurricular activities are supposed to be fun and active, so students can have fun. Competing in sports is something athletes enjoy because of the competition with the other teams, and to see who is the better team. Clubs also compete with other clubs, including the robotics club. They build their machine, and then they compete to see which school has the better machine. Being active in activities would be fun for all students because they involve students being active and having them do fun activities.

By doing many activities may spark someones mind that they want to do what they want in the future. If a student does drama club or theater in school, they might try out for the activity in high school, or do a play as their career. If a student plays football in middle school, they might try out in high school and get a scholarship to play in college. Then, they can get drafted into the NFL as their career. It's a hard task, but anything you put your mind to, you can do it. If the student doe not want to play a sport, be in the yearbook club, or do drama, they can run for student council. This may have the student want to run for student council and win. Running for student council includes many things you would to in other activities, including competition, planning,and confidence. This may have the student be interested in politics. They could even run for an election when they grow up.

In conclusion, I think it would be a great idea for the principal to have all student participate in extracurricular activities. In addition, I was on the track team for two years an I made many friends because of trying out. I also got to learn more about sports and I know many people would want to do these activities for a career. If the principal made us do at least one extracurricular activity this year, that would have students make new friends, be active in activities they like, and help get into a class or what to do to make this into a career.            