STUDENT_NAME

February 18, 2011

Writing

OTHER_NAME: OTHER_NAME

Dear Principal,

On average, how many sport players in this school do get high enough grades? Not very many in our school. The idea of having students with only a B or higher in their classes in not such a commendable idea. I don't think our school should have this system because students who play sports ,or do any other extra activity, find it to be a release from all the pressures of home and school. If we do allow this rule,

they students will no longer find it as an escape, but another way that school try to put presser o n you to do well.

Sports and other extra actives are release from stress for students. Stress that comes from being forced to do well in school, homework, drama at home, and outside of ones home. Though I do believe if a student loves their extra curricular activity so much they will get their grades up, its not they best or most affective way. Teenage students that are involved with drugs or gangs will not play the sport any longer because they don't care about school, and find it to hard. If activities were not based on grades, less teenagers will be off the streets and start to play sports instead of getting themselves into violence and illegal situations.

Another reason why I think participate in a sport should be based on grades is a bad idea because it will put to much pressure on a student. Imagine a student with dyslexia. They love to play sport and work as hard as they can in school, but can only receive a C in their class. This will be unfair because the student works hard and does what they have to do, but they cannot play because of their dyslexia. Another example of a time this rule will not turn out so great is when a class is to hard. If everyone gets a C in that class, then non of them will be able to play their favorite sport. Students work hard and do what they have to, but sometimes their hard work is not recognized, and the only thing they pay attention to is the grade.

I believe that a better way to enforce this rule, but not to make it so hard for someone to reach the expectations is not to make it based on grades but based on their hard work and motivation in school. This will allow a student to really show what they know without feeling pressured. If a student is motivated and does the best they can when they have a lot of other drama and challenges they have to over come, I believe that it should not be based on grades.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME