Advice is important to some people and most of the time they ask more than one person. There are 3 different reasons to why people ask for advice. First some people ask what to do in a situation and pick the best answer. The second reason is that they might need your opinion on something. The last reason is that some people ask for it because it might help get through hard times to make life easier.

When people are in a situation they tend to ask other people for advice so they can fix a problem. An example of this is, you ask three of your friends, " My TV is broken what should i do?". The first friend says, " Try to fix it." Then you ask the second friend and he/she says, " Call somebody to fix it for you." then the last friend says, " I could help you I fixed a TV before.". Now that you have some choices you can pick the best one. If the one you picked that you think is best fails then you can try 2 other choices or ask for more advice.

Opinions can be important to people too for example lets say you were going to prom and you had to pick a dress. You walk up to your friends and they help you pick a dress. The first friend tells you, " I think this purple dress would look good on you. '. The second tells you, " No i think she should put on a blue dress.". Then the last friend says, " Maybe red would look good.". After you ask you can try out the dresses to see which one looks better or just keep asking till you fine the one you like.

Life is a very hard subject not to many people ask advice for this and its the most important thing people ask. When people ask about life its usually when people are having a hard time For example, Lets say you have been feeling sad lately because you feel like your useless and have no talent. So you ask you family and your mom says, " Its okay dear you'll find something.". Next you ask your dad and he says," Its okay it will just take a while.". and lastly you ask your brother and he says," Dont worry ill try to help you find your talent.". As you ask you start to feel better. That type of advice is suppose to help you feel better and help you with life.

Thats why people ask for advice from different people. To help them cope with life, for an opinion, and lastly to help them with a situation. Advice can really help people sometimes just be careful with who you ask.