Have you ever felt stuck when writing an essay, like you just can't move on from a sentence. Not knowing how to continue something your writing is normal. Everybody at one point or another doesn't know how to get past a sentence or two. How to get past it, is by getting multiple opinions. Getting multiple opinions on a topic gives you different viewpoints, it shows that you are open to new ideas, and it shows that you are able to rely on others.

When writing something, getting a different point of view can always make your essay better. Before starting your essay, you should always look at the two (or more) view points. As long as you know which side your essay is about you won't get lost when writing. When given multiple viewpoints, always address the other side somewhere in your essay. Whether its at the beginning or end of an essay or speech, addressing both sides show how committed you are to the topic and it means that people can't question whether or not you even considered the other side. If you're ever not sure which side you agree with, than list the pros and cons of each side. This will show how much you already know about each viewpoint, and what you need to research about.

If you're ever stuck on an essay asking others opinions can lead you to new ideas. Whenever I'm stuck on a essay or project I ask a friend, parent, or teacher for help. I show them what I have, and they give me advise on what parts that I can fix and things can be better. If someone says something that you think would be a good idea but you don't know when or how to use, write it down! No one is saying you have to use every piece of advice given to you, but make sure to at least write it down on a piece of paper, it might come in handy later. Asking for others opinions can give you some ideas for a better essay.

Asking others for their opinions show that you are able to ask for assistance. If you don't know something asking others show you're able to admit that you need help. Most people when they get stuck just sit there and won't even ask questions to other people. By doing this, they're saying that they would rather do poorly on the assignment, rather than admit their stuck. Asking a question doesn't mean you aren't smart either. It actually means you're smart enough to know when you need an outside opinion. When someone is giving you advice, even if you don't ask them too, don't act mean or snooty. This makes people not want to help you, and it doesn't work out for you in the long run.

Asking others for advice gives you different view points, new ideas, and shows that you can ask for assistance. Willing to get advice makes you look more like a team player to your colleges or fellow students, teachers, and employers. Taking advice will also give whatever you're working on something more. However, if you rely on other people to give you ideas, you might not be able to come up with your own ideas. As long as you know how to work on your own, you'll be good. So, I implore you to ask questions when you need it and get different viewpoints on the topic too, so your project will be the best it can be.