What's Your Opinion?

By: Generic_Name

Have you ever gotten into a situation and you are not sure what to do? Well, for most people the first thing they do is ask for others opinions. They ask for this hoping that the other peoples opinions can help provide them a solution to their issue or conflict. However, some people say asking for the opinion of other is useless and unneeded, but that not true. Asking multiple people what they think can be very beneficial due to them helping you gain different perspectives, view something differently, and avoiding previous mistakes. All these thing can help improve your decision making and hears why.

Solving an issue or conflict by yourself can be challenging. However, one thing most people tend to forget is to look at an opposing force from a different view point. Now, for some people, looking form another perspective is challenging. Although, that's why asking for peoples opinion can be useful. When you ask a multitude of people for advice you gain fresh insight on an issue that can help aid you into seeing it form another eyes. For example, a detective or officer asking multiple eye witnesses to to recount an event. They do this in order to gain perspective on a matter from multiple standpoints, this help them find clues for their investigation. Now, listening to other peoples perspectives can improve your decision making, but what else can?

Everyone hold their own opinions. Whether it's simple not liking a certain food ,or being that one person to like school, that's all someones opinion. However, even though it is your opinion their are a multitude of things that can change it. One of those things is someones else opinion. Asking people for their opinion can possibly change or alter how you view something. An example of this is, theirs a person that doesn't enjoy reading, but they ask some of their friends why they do. Due to their responses they decide to pick up a book and read it, and before they know it they enjoy reading. Being able to change how you view and observer something can greatly benefit your decision making, but is their anything else?

Everyone makes mistakes in their life, whether their big or small. However, one thing people tend to do in order to prevent mistakes is to ask for advise. When you ask multiple people for their opinion on a matter their answer can help you avoid commonly made mistakes. Another reason to ask for peoples opinion is due to most peoples opinions being formed off their own experiences. Due to this you can learn from their experiences without having to go through them yourself. This can help you avoid hardship and past mistakes in your decision making.

Asking for the opinion of others has a multitude of benefits on your decision making. Firstly, it can help you gain multiple perspectives on an issue or conflict. Another benefit of asking for multiple opinions is due to it helping you view something differently. Lastly, asking for peoples opinions can help you prevent mistakes that have already been made before. Never forget, whenever you need to make a decision don't be afraid to ask for other peoples opinion.        