Some school are offering distance learning ash an opportunity for a student attend classes from home by way of online or video conference. I think this would be a good idea because is offering a good opportunity for people that can not be able to attend the school during the morning for other occupation personal and give a chance to get the diploma .Also is good opportunity to the people the can not be able to attend classes because they work. Is good opportunity for the people that can not attend classes and miss school because they do not have transport to go school. But is amazing that can take one class online without attend to school that's a lot of benefit for people that don't work .Is offering a big opportunity to take the class at home and do not drive every day to the class in the school.

Being able to to attend classes by home online is a good opportunity because not all school is offering the chance to take classes by home online. Taking classes online can improve the student and offering the opportunity to graduate without attend the schools and miss classes for not reason. This would be more benefit because some student skip classes when they go to school so they are losing his grades. But with the opportunity doing online student can make the class and not skip school and class for not reason.

Student can learn more with this benefit doing online because they can no get distracted by his friend of the side and can get more focus in the class online. for instance The students would be better doing the class online because when they go to school they get a lot of distracted and not put attention to the teacher when they talk .But online no body is making noise by your side and interruption to you that's helping to you a lot .Is good benefit to can graduated and doing all the think well online at home.

Some student can be more benefit because they have to work and be able to do online is good opportunity to all students can finish the school. For example they can finish extra work after they work a long they and be able the pass the grade doing all the step at home without go the school and miss the class offering the opportunity to do online without going anywhere just by doing online can be more benefit because can not be more stressing like in the school when you have to do a lot of work do not get the correct time to do it ,but when with this opportunity can be the best option to can finish late and extra work. and Also they don't have to find a transport to go to the school every day they only have to join online and make the work.

Finally i think this opportunity is huge benefit for the people the don't have the chance to go the school and for those students that need to graduated because they have to do a lot of think but want to get his diploma this can be the best opportunity for those people that want to be some one in his future some people have to work hard every day and they don't have good opportunity to finish they high school but in this school they offering a huge benefit that give to us a opportunity to take classes online that's going to be for me the best opportunity the i never seen before in schools .