Students should have to maintain a grade B average to play sports. Having to maintain a grade B average will help students in many ways.

It will also raise the school's academic average since students will be trying their best to make good grades.

Students should have to maintain a grade B average in school to play sports because students will want to learn, students will become better in general and students will try harder in school.

Students that have to maintain a grade B average in school will want to learn.

If they learn a lot they will start to get better grades and reach a grade B average. Since students will want to learn more they will pay more attention in class instead of interrupting the class. Students will also do their homework assignments to raise their grades so they can play sports.

With all of these changes put together it makes an amazing student and a soon-to-be-sport-playing-student.

Students will become better in general if they have to maintain a grade B average to play sports. They will become better because they will do better in school which will influence them out of school.

If a student has raised their grades to a B average they will feel better about themselves.

They will believe that since they can raise their grades, they can do anything if they really want to. Being a better student will help them become a better person.

To maintain a grade B average in school students will try their very best.

Many students love to play sports and if they have to raise their grades to play, they definitely will try their best to do it.

Even I had to try my best so my grades would raise to a higher average so I could play sports.

If you require at least a grade B average you will see a big improvement in many students.

Students love to play sports and will try their best in school to do so.

If students have to maintain a grade B average in school many students grades will raise.

Students love to play sports and will do anything to play them.

Making this change will help students tremendously.

Even the grade average for the whole school will rise.

Students should have to maintain a grade B average because in school because students will want to learn, students will become better in general and stude