Obtaining a strong and rich education is a very valuable thing that many children across the world have access to. The school year can be very stressful due to a variety of different things, but summer is the gem that motivates many students to move forward. This three month break gives students an opportunity to prepare for the next school year, but the rate of learning during this time decreases. In order to continue a learning at a constant rate, schools have introduced summer projects. These summer projects can be designed by teachers who are interested, but can also be designed by students. Summer projects should be student-designed, because it encourages teamwork and spurs motivation.

Learning how to work with other individuals is an extremely important quality. A student-designed summer project will encourage kids to communicate with one another in order to satisfy the project requests of the students as a whole. Also, communication can spur relationships and bonding among individuals. Working with others and using teamwork to achieve a certain goal creates unity. Next, teamwork is not only seen in school, but also seen in the workplace. As adults, knowing how to work together and have good communication skills with others can make ones work atmosphere more enjoyable. For example: doctors have to work together everyday to save others through sharing their knowledge and conversing with one another. Lastly, teamwork can create a decrease in social anxiety and an increase in social skills. Many students experience social anxiety while meeting new people and having conversations with others. Although anxiety can not be fully defeated, teamwork helps push kids with social anxiety to make new friends and bonds. Having students design a summer project results in more unity among the student body, social structure, and life skills for the future.

Summer is a very popular time of year that is beloved by many people, especially kids. A student-designed summer project makes the perception of schoolwork in the summer more enjoyable. Having fun while doing something increases the likelihood of continuing the behavior. If a student enjoys the project they are working on, they are more likely to complete it and submit quality work. On the other hand, if the project was teacher-designed, students would most likely find the topic boring, procrastinate, and submit a poor project. A student-designed project assures that it is a topic students find fun and is more enjoyable when compared to a topic selected by a teacher. Next, having students pick their own topic also holds them more accountable to complete their work without complaints. Students who tend to procrastinate may be more motivated to complete a project that they enjoy. An enjoyable project will motivate students to do well and will not decrease the level of happiness they have throughout the summer.

The brain is an endless archive of knowledge and memories that is always eager to learn more. Actively learning throughout the summer increases education and pushes children further on the path to success. A student-designed summer project results in the formation of unity among the student body and creates a structured work ethic. 