Dear Principle,

I believe community service should not be mandatory. If some one does not want to do it he or she should not be required to do community service. Now there are a couple reasons why this is true to me. First is the well being of the person forced to do community service, second is the well being of the person he or she is giving service to.

If some one does not want to do community service it is probably for a reason. Whether the reason is they have to much homework or getting back late at night because of sports. Community service will add to their stress and cause them to get bad grades or maybe anger issues. People may think that there should never be a reason to not help a person, but there is. Being pushed to your limits is always something that is overlooked. But the truth is, it is a problem and may cause health hazards to the person. And if someone is pushed to their limits they could do something they never would have thought of, which brings me to my next topic.

Imagine you are doing community service work at a nursing home. You just came back from a football game and you were to tired to do your home work. Then you overslept and came to school late so your teacher scolded you. Now you are forced to do community service at a nursing home. You would be normally happy when working with old people, but today you are aggravated. You are assigned with a cute old lady who was diagnosed with dementia. She keeps on asking for her mother non stop and of course her mother died. This gets you mad and you yell at the cute old lady and she begins to cry. Your distressed caused her to have distress. And maybe you could have done something worse. Who knows what kind of damage you are causing to the person you are helping. Would you want to cause a cute old lady to cry? Boy, I hope not.

As you can see, mandatory community service is not a good idea. Being stressed and pushed over the limit can cause bad things to happen whether it is to yourself or to others. But of course, if anyone wants to do community service, they can go right ahead. But they should know their limits, and should have the choice whether they should do community service. I hope I influenced your choice and have a good day.                  