WouIdn't you want to work on a project you got to design vs working on a teacher mandated one? I know that the projects should be student designed and not designed or controlled by teachers. Most teachers don't understand what we enjoy nowadays as teenagers and thats very clear in the way that they design and assign projects currently during the school year. There can be some parameters put onto the project by teachers and the contents of the project but for the most part it should not be controlled by teachers.

If a student designs the project they could actually enjoy working on it and brainstorming it. Most projects students are given by teachers feel like a hassle and its just not something they want to spend there free time doing. It should be something they enjoy doing rather then dread working on it. I know for a fact I would rather brainstorm and come up with an idea that I like rather then be given a strict set prompt and rubric I have to follow. If the students can enjoy the project then there are more likely to put more effort, time in to it and be more passionate about the topic they are assigned.

Some teachers make projects that not all students are able to complete within the allotted time they give them. A lot of students go on trips over the summer with there families and if they arent going on a trip then they probably have a summer job to attend to. Most students don't have hours to kill working on some project during there summer vacation. If the student was able to design a project that would be able to fit into there schedule rather then have to stress and worry about when they are going able to get it done. The summer is a time where students get to relax and not have to stress or worry about getting that pesky project a teacher designed done.

If a student gets to design the project they will feel more in control of the task at hand. Most students don't really get to control what they learn or how they learn and thats just not how it should be. There whole day and schedule is already controlled and you want the teachers to be able to control something else in there education? It gives students the confidence to know they are able to control one part of there education. Everything else in there life is already controlled parents and teachers so why not let them be able to control there summer projects.

I know that the projects should be student designed and not designed or controlled by teachers. The students are going to enjoy the project so much better if they get to design it. For once lets give the students some freedom to make there own choices with there education. In conclusion I think that the summer projects assigned to students should be designed and controlled by the people doing the projects- students. 