In order to keep students minds refreshed and thinking, it is crucial for them to learn even when away from school. During summer many students forget about their studies which is why some schools require summer projects. These projects ensure that the students are learning new material over break. In order to make the kids more interested, these projects should be student-designed. If these projects were student-designed they would help students develop new skills, learn topics their interested in, and make students more motivated to learn.

Students would develop many new skills if their summer projects were designed by them. The students would develop responsibility in the sense that they have to hold themselves accountable and actually do their job of creating the project. Most students are used to their teachers assigning them projects so this would also force them to get out of their comfort zone and do something their not used to. If the projects were student-designed it would also teach the students time management skills since they would have to create and complete their own project by the end of the summer.

Student-designed projects also let students research topics that they are interested in. When teachers assign projects the students are forced to learn certain material but letting them design their own project gives them the freedom to learn about different topics. Even though the students are learning about the topics they have chosen, they are still learning new information and keeping their brain working. The students may even do more leaning than if a teacher had assigned the project because they are actually interested and wanting to learn.

Having summer projects be student-designed would also make the kids more motivated to learn. If the students are able to pick their own topic and control what they are learning about they will be more motivated to complete the project. Letting the students have choices on their project makes it a lot easier and interesting for them resulting in them being motivated to finish it.

Student-designed projects would assure the students continue learning on their break. It would teach them many useful skills and prepare them for doing large tasks on their own. Some may argue student-designed projects give kids too much freedom but student-designed projects allows the students to enjoy their summer while also learning new information. The project keeps the student thinking and using his/her knowledge which should be all that matters. Student-designed projects keeps students motivated and interested in learning.