Have you even heard of a Facial Action Coding System? Just making faces they say can reveal so much about the science of emotions. The way I see it is the system has to be Realiable,Accurate, and most importanly Easy to use. Which the system proves it can be a vey vauable system in our society today.

The Facial Action Coding Sysem needs to be reliable if not it may have many malfunctions. Which can be a problem if Dr. Paul Eckman the creator of the software is trying to get his idea out there. In order to run a good bussiness you have to have product that can last when that happens so does your company. In the passage is says "Dr. Huang and his colleagues are experts at develpoing better ways for humans ans computers to communicate," which happens to be The Facial Action Coding System. That seems to be working although I dont know about what the future hold this product seems like it will do use some good in the future or even know.

Accuratey is very important and was one of my biggest concertains about the Facial Action Coding System. I n the passage it says that "The software that has been develpoed to improve the accuracy in perceving the emotions of other." I dont think they are lying just so people could start using their software. Why, because in order for the industries to get the software they are expecting for it to be perfect. So if the company dosen't want to have a bad reputation they are making sure what they are doing is 100% accurate so people can use it. Which it say that in the article that it is so I totally agree that "The Facial Action Coding System" is accurate and is something I would use.

So is The Facial Action Coding System easy to use the answer is yes. In the passage the author talks how "the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face" which then classifies six basic emotion happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. So its not like its this long process that takes over twenty-four hours all you have to do is get you face scanned and they tell you your emotions. Not only that but it's also associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles. I'm not saying that they can tell you how your feel, but thats what the software is designed to do. This software can be a fun and easy way to find out what other people's emotions are if you wanna know or they dont want to tell you.

So in conclusion I think that "The Facial Action Coding" is valuable software that many people should be able to use. Even if people thing that it dosen't work they should at least try it out first. This type of software can be used for many types of things like for science. so as the years go on it should countuine to be improved. Hey!! the software might just even be able to read what you are thinking you never know!!