Good morning Educators of Generic_City. Have you ever wanted your student, who seems to be disengaged or just not interested in class, to actually feel like they have a choice to make their learning experience more exciting? Then, maybe, you can consider this solution. Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. As a student, I believe that students don't need summer projects ; it causes a high level a stress. However, if I had a choice then I would consider making summer projects student-designed. Teachers, this could quite literally be the answer to your prayers! Giving your student a chance to design their own summer project would give them a sense of independence that they need. Not only that, but I can guarantee that your student will have the desire to learn by the time summer break is over.

It's not a surprise when students go to their teachers ; not knowing how to complete their assignments. Although, there is absolutely nothing wrong with students asking for help, but I know teachers get tired of repeating themselves. That is why giving students a student-designed project would increase their independence. Back in middle school ; when I went to Generic_School. My English teacher assigned a winter break project. The only requirement was to be creative. My English teacher had come to the conclusion that giving out a rubric would stress out the entire class. Since then, I've been more open to design my own projects. No more : "How do you do this?" or, "Could you repeat that please?" I am fully aware of what is needed to be done on my own. That independence is just the thing students need to succeed. Some may argue and say that giving students independence would only stunt their work performance. They could even say that students need that sense of reform. However, trying to reform your students would only be in vain. How are students going to fully understand if teachers don't give them the space to be independent? In fact, their work performance would gradually increase. Students take extra time to complete their assignments whenever they get up to ask their teacher a question. Now would you rather have your student waste their work time? Or, would you rather have your student independently do their work?

It may be difficult to believe, but most students do enjoy coming to school to learn new material. If teachers want all of their students to be excited to learn something new ; they should consider how student-designed projects could possibly help. Its been proven, that half of the student population feel more engaged in a lesson when the have the artistic freedom. Students could write a song about Math, or maybe come up with their own screenplay about the evolution of rocks. Giving your students the power to designing their projects would, soon enough, catch their attention. Teachers could argue and say that it would only be a waste of time. It might be a waste of time, however, your students will feel more engaged with the subject. If you don't want your students to be interested in the lesson, then you might just lose everything you want your student to accomplish.

Creativity is key in today day in age. Change is inevitable ; you can't hide from it. People desire to learn new things, but want to be creative when doing so. Teachers must be willing to change the way they want to teach their students. Students need a chance to prove that they are capable to be independent. Independence is one of the main things we, as people, try to achieve in the future.