There is always a constant arguement about keeping the Electoral College or changing the election by popular vote for the president of the United States. I personally feel that we should abolish the Electoral College and change the election by popular vote. I don't think it is fair to our voters who vote for the president when they are really voting for the state of electors. The Electoral College really has the final say on who is going to be elected president of the United States. The citizens of the United States should be the one who elect the president instead of the Electoral College.

First of all, the Electoral college is a little outdated now a days. The Electoral College has been used for a very long time and it should be changed. To me I believe that it just makes sense to have voters to vote for our president instead of the winner-take-all system. It wouldn't even make sense to vote if you know that the Electoral College is going to actually elect the president. Abolishing the Electoral College is just the best way to go.

Next, The Electoral College is just unfair to the voters who vote for the president. It is because of the wininer-take-all system. The candidates dont't go to states they know they are going lose in. Instead they go for the swing states so they can a better chance of winning. Some states wouldn't even see the candidates at all. So abolishing the Electoral College is the best way to go.

In conclusion, people are alyways debating on keeping the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. I believe that we should abolish the Electoral College and let the election go by popular vote. I dont think the Electoral College is fair for voter because they actually elect the president. If we abolish the Electoral College then the people can vote for our president the right way. In the future hopefully this will happen because the Electoral College is just not relavent anymore.                    