Students will not benefit from online or video conferencing.

Students will benefit themselves by learning at a school environment because then the teachers can physically talk to the students, help them when needed, and by being physically present at the lesson, the students can understand the material better.

Some may say other wise and argue that students can benefit and learn online with no troubles but there are a lot of reasons why students will benefit better at school.

Students will be able to benefit themsleves better at school because then the teachers will be able to physically talk to the students.

If a student is at home taking online classes, sure they will have a video that explains the lesson and material but what if they didn't fully understood what the video was talking about, then they would be lost and just not do the work.

Videos involving a lesson or instruction tend to use vocabulary that are more advanced, the students may not be able to understand the words, and in the end they would have learned nothing.

Students learning at school can physically hear and talk to the teachers and the teachers can explain the material in more detail.

For example, foreign exchange students who don't know the language the online lesson is about or what the video is talking about would not benefit from that at all but at school the teachers would be able to give them more guidance and can explain to them more in depth.

By attending classes at school, the teachers can help the students more.

At home, if a student is having a hard time with homework or a lesson, who could they turn to because the teachers aren't there to physically help them.

In a video conference with the teacher,

students may be talking one on one with them but it wouldn't be the same as talking in person with the teacher because during a video chat, the teacher wouldn't be able to see what problems the students are having issues with clearly but at school the teacher can assist the students step by step along the way.

In our society and in our generation, we use a lot of technology, and we tend to use Gmail or text online.

If a student was having issues or is in urgent need of the teachers help at home, they would have to use Gmail and wait for the teachers reply but at school it's different.

The students, if they are in urgent need in turning in an assignment that they have yet finished due to them finding it difficult, they could just go find the teachers and ask directly without having to wait and the teachers would be able to help them right away.

Students can understand the material better at school then at home in a online course.

Online courses have directions and lessons written so that students would be able to know what to do for an assignment,

but the problem with that is that the students may not understand the material and assignment just by reading a few sentences.

In my case, I always have been a student who needs extra help from the teachers on understanding the material and understanding directions.

I personally have always found it difficult in understanding when I had to learn a new lesson by looking at notes or directions my teachers have posted online.

I'm more of a student who needs to be at school and be present in class to hear the teacher explain the material to fully understand and know what to do.

Although online my teachers provides me with resources and information, at school I'm more secure in the lessons and I could understand more by having my teachers there physically explaining to me.

People may argue and say that students can benefit just as well or even better on online courses then at school and some students may prefer online courses then learning at school but there are so many good outcomes and advantages you have by attending classes at school . The teachers are more hands on at school and could truly help the students and guide them to the right path in a lesson more than they could on online courses.

In conclusion, online courses are not completely bad and it's not like the students will get nothing out of it.

The students will definitely learn and retain information but not as much as when your learning at school.

At school or in any learning center, the students would have teachers or instructors to guide them and help them out.

The teachers would be able to make sure that the students have learned and understood the material and can speak physically to them.

The students would be more secure and would be not as lost as they could be at a more hands off teaching like online courses which is why students will not benefit themselves by doing online courses and will instead benefit by physically attending classes.         