Often times within a classroom setting, it is easy to become bored or confused. One second of being off track can lead to being completely lost for an entire 90 minute class. While most teachers do their best to keep students engaged and learning, often times it can be impossible to keep tabs on the emotions of 25 people at once. However, Facial Action Coding System can track the emotions of all students. Introducing the Facial Action Coding System would be incredibly helpful within a classroom setting.

The Facial Action Coding System would be able to "recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored". This skill would be incredibly useful, as sometimes it can be hard to pick up on exactly what someone is feeling within an efficient time frame. Sometimes while teaching, it is difficult to focus on students emotions and the lesson all at the same time. However, the Facial Action Coding System would take over the task of recognizing emotion, thus allowing the teacher to focus on the lesson at hand. According to Dr. Huang, "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication". Being able to see all of these nonverbal queues would help teachers to see the level of engagement that each of their lessons creates, as well as help students that aren't engaged.

The Facial Action Coding System would additionally allow for the computer to "modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor". This modification would allow for students who are bored and not engaged to better understand the lesson at hand. This would likely increase the learning that occurs within the classroom, as more students would have access to a lesson that made sense to them. Additionally, this eliminates the guess work of a teacher trying to come up with an effective lesson. The computer can do it for them. Thus, time can be used more efficiently when teaching students.

The Facial Action Coding System would also give a practical application for anatomy and coding within the classroom. This application uses a "3-D computer model of the face", which must contain "all 44 major muscle groups". Some complex subjects taught within schools are often seen to have no practical application. However, the implementation of the Facial Action Coding System would show students that the complex skills of coding and anatomy can come together to form something that they see everyday. The use of such an interesting implement as the scanning can help students to develop newfound interests within these fields. This can serve as an excellent teaching point for students looking into the fields of anatomy and coding.

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System would have significant benefits on both the faculty and students of a school. It would help to make the teacher's job easier and more effective while enabling the student to learn better. This system would create a lasting impact on the learning done by students.         