In the article "The Challenge Of Exploring Venus" the author gives the readers information about venus before the author tries to make his/her claim torwards the readers. and this claim is "Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents" and with supporting this cliam there are alot of great details in the aritcle that the author uses to get his/her piont across. In the article before the author gets to his claim he/she starts off with a questions which states "If our sister planet is so inhospitable,why are scientists even discussing further visits to its sirface"(paragraph 4).This question give the readers a thought and feeling to what the author is trying to claim.

In this section of this draft theses were the best surpporting deatils to explain information about the authour claim.

In paragraph 5

the author tells readers about NASA

and this paragraph explains that NASA is trying to come up with an soultion to the conditions on surface of Venus and that would allow scientists to float above the fray. This is important because the atomsphere of venus is very strong compared to earth and mars atomsphere and that puts exploraers in danger. Also in paragraph 6 resceachers are trying to make better and improve machines that will surive on Venus. so that resacecher can get rocks, gas for the better knowledge for them to know more about venus.

The last supporting detal is thier is another project reseachers are trying to use to get more information about venus which is to use old technolgoy called " mechanical computers" these devices were frist made in the 18000s and played an important role during WW1 in the 1940s, these decives are important to the rescaechers because the computers makes calcualtions by using gears and levers and which doesnt require electronics,This is important because modern techenlogy is too strong today and is much more delicate but the machanical oarts of the old computers can be made more resistant to pressure heat and other forces on venus.

Becuase of the author cliam and deatil. Readers now the importance and struggles rescerachers go through to know more about venus. NASA should continue to study earths sister planet, also find a safer way for researchers to get on earth,for the importantce of everyones kownledge.     