Everyone assumes that the best way of transportation is by a car. Teenagers dream of getting their license on their sixteenth birthday and maybe even getting a car. Most adults use cars to get to and from work, drive their kids around and do fun activites. But what people don't understand is that there are so many other alternatives that ultimately result in a happier and healthier planet. There are so many downfalls with driving and owning a car that many are now believeing that it is much more reasonable to just not own a car.

"When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" (Rosenthal, line 6). Having cars stress people out and people don't even realize this. There are so many responsiblities that come with driving. No one enjoys sitting in long traffic jams. It is annoying and quite bothersome. Everyone gets so frustrated, nevermind the amounts of accidents that lead to injury and death from it all.

In Colombia there is a day once a year in which cars can not go on the road or they are served with a fine. This effort is to try to bring stress levels down and stop air pollution. "Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the street of this capital city eerily and devoid of traffic jams" (Selsky, line 23). This idea promoted excersize and got people out and doing things in the community. The citizens clearly were not against this day or else they wouldn't have been acticve. "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city" (Selsky, line 28). This just goes to show what driving does. It isolates people. Without all the cars, one is more willing to spend time outside and interacting with other people and since people were out and about more and enjoying the community, the area has gotten more presentable and pleasureable to be in. "...uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." (Selsky, line 29). Officals and shop owners are making more of an effort because everyone is more active and caring.

In Paris, the officals made an effort to try and clean up the cities pollution rates. They assigned a day where even number licensed plates could not be on the road and a day for odd numbered plate cannot be on the road or else they will be fined. "Congestion was down 60 percent" (Duffer, 14). If anything, it goes to show that the amount of cars on the road is absurb. 60 percent is more than half, that's a lot of traffic. Paris primarily uses diesel, causeing a lot more pollution in this busy city. "Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals" (Duffer, line 17). Paris is a very touristy area and people go in hopes to see a beautiful city. This project went so well that officals planned to continue it. "The smog cleared enough Monday for the ruling french party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on Tuesday." (Duffer, line 19). If officals planned to continue this idea, than it must be benifical in some way. If citizens just made an effort to not drive everywhere, than restrictions would not have to be mad. It's because of the amount of driving that is going on that officals have to get involved.

"...transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions..." (Rosenthal, line 37) Motor vehicals cause so much danger to Earth. The amount of pollution is so high and dengerous. It is much easier to prevent than everyone believes. One could simply take the bus, ride a bike, only drive to work and needed places, walk, and even car pool. There are an abundant amount of ways to prevent so much pollution and stress. It's all over the world that this is an issue; Paris, Colombia, the United States, and many other places. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe . . . and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States. " (Rosenthal, line 11). That is a lot. It isn't difficult to help prevent this.

In the long run, not driving would result in happier people anyways. Cars are so expensive that is would cause less aggravation and economic stress as well as the basic stress of just driving and being in traffic. Society could make the world so much cleaner and safer for the next generations. It starts now. Get a bike or a pair of walking shoes and start getting active in the community. Start making the changes now so it isn't forced by officals later. make the effort and show the next generations how life should be. This could lead to a much happier and healthier life style.    