The option of distance learning can be helpful for students in many ways. Internet have the access of having to take classes online or communicating with a teacher. Students can get the same knowledge in school or in their house but easier. Bullying is the major problem in school;however, teachers can avoid bully by having the option of distance learning. Teenagers might be bad influence for other teenagers by forcing students to drink,smoke, or even worse to use drugs. The majority of students have responsibilities to take care of after school, taking other classes online,taking care of their siblings, or have a job.

Even though teachers try to avoid bully, is hard to make sure students are well behave some do not listen at all and not care or some are lazy. Some student's lives are tough for many reasons it can be by their parents that do not pay attention to them, stress by having too much school work, or some of them have already a job, and adding one more by bully, it can bring bad consequences. In many cases students suicide because of the stress, or they are tired of people not paying attention to them, and not care about what happens in their life. They are cases that teachers are aware of bully, but they ignore the fact that the school is not a save place to be anymore and that they are big problems going on at the school and having to deal with it is better than having to call their parents and do something about it. Teenagers do not realized the fact that they can be responsible for someones death and they be can put in jail by many years, and ruin their live by making fun of someone,or punching other students, it can be something silly and that little things can ruin their lives.

Some students might be a bad influence for other students by forcing them to do several things that can bring consequences for the rest of their lives by being in jail,being unhealthy,or change their life in a bad way. In this days is normal or cool for a student to drink, smoke, use drugs and forcing other students to do the same. The "if you do not do this I am not your friend no more", or " you do not love me if you do not this" or even worse "if you do not drink with me I am going to tell everyone your secrets" that makes students be afraid of losing their friend, girlfriend/boyfriend forcing them to make actions that do not beneficial them at any pint of their lives. Teachers in high school are though to students; however, some students do not care about their education at all and they go to school to talk to a friend or distract other students effecting other students education. Some students are always energetic, getting in trouble all the time,distracting other students, being a bad influence, instead of giving them referrals or suspending them it can be recommend to do home school to avoid any type of problems.

It is a good idea to start saving money for college/future and having a job. It is difficult to study or do homework while having a job students get stress and frustrated to have to attended to school and a job. School waste time in lunch or having other activity when students can do all their work in home and a few hours they are done and can take care of other responsibilities. In students houses can take their time and not have to rush in a assignment or in a test, having the opportunity to not get stress over school work. Having to wake up at the morning it is a hard thing to do for the majority of students, not having a good rest at night can effect students by ,grades, not concentrating, falling asleep at class, not paying attention,always been tired,or skipping some classes can effect when they graduate.

In conclusion having the opportunity to do home school can make a big difference in a good way to the school and to the students education. That it is something that can be a easy way to learn and have the same knowledge like the other students, but in easier way. Internet have the access to many apps to help students can be a fun way to learn instead be sitting in a classroom for two hours. Students can avoid the fact that are some students that do not care at all and if they do not care about their live they are more possible not care about other student education. Going to school now it is something that some teenagers do not considerate important student can take any class online.            