Driverless cars have always been seen and thought about in an idealistic world where the human population wears shiny silver jumpsuits and talk in weird tongues. However, with the recent advancement in this feild, our generation will most likely see driverless cars, turning the idealistic into the realistic. Driverless cars are a positive step forward for humanity, but we must stay coherant about the skills used to drive. There are many positive attributes that driverless cars attain. It is a feat in itself that science and engineering have advanced this substantially. However, we can not become completely depenable on driverless cars.

The driverless car frontier is one that has many positive effects. The main attribute to driverless cars is that it eliminates the area for human error when on the road. This not only makes the roads a safer place but it will also decrease the percentage of fatalities by car accidents, which is the number one cause of death for teenagers. However, because driverless cars can also make errros, they still have a driver who in reality, has a lot of the control. This factor will help work around certain variables such as construction done on the road, or an accident nearby. Not only do driverless cars present safer roads, they also have the oppurtunity to be less harmful to the enviornment. Sergey Brin predicts that these cars will use half of the fuel of today's taxis, causing less pollutants to be released into the air, which will make the world a less toxic place. Taking everything into account, driverless cars will most likely decrease the accident rates and pollutants released into the air, creating positive results that will significantly change how people consider driving.

The fact that the technology for driverless cars is available is astounding and contributes to culture growth. This technology offers inspiration and a bridge to discover new technologies that will help the world. Today it is a driverless car, that will decrease the amount of accidents and make drving safer, but the possibilities for tomorrow are endless. This could cause a rise in young people that want to make the world a better place inventing things in the name of science, which could create amazing results. However, even though this technology offers so much to humanity, it could also take away.

When driverless cars are available, humans still must have the skills to be able to drive on their own. When humanity is presented with a new toy or resource, everyone usually becomes lazy and does not take into consideration the skills that they are losing because of it. Driverless cars are not truly driverless, a driver still must be present to deal with the variables that the technology within the car cannot predit. Because of this, it is vital that the general population does not become lazy and still knows the basic skills to drive. As a culture, everyone has become so dependent on technology because it makes our lives easier. Everyone must retain and remember a world without all of the technology and driverless cars to still have a general knowledge of how the world works. Driverless cars are an amazing technology that will be presented to us, do not take advantage of it.

In conclusion, driverless cars present many positive attributes and the technology used to make it will inspire many other new invention and advance the engineering feild in a monumental way. However, humans must not take advantage of the technology that will be given and become lazy, it will make the cars counterintuitive. Driverless cars are the next step forward for humanity, but we can not become lazy. It is truly difficult to imagine of a world where manual drving is considered odd. But, driverless cars are the next step towards turning the world into something completely safe and truly amazing. 