Dear state senator,

The electoral college is an unfair and irrational, and should be abolished immediately. The fact that the race for president can end in a tie is completely absurd. Also the fact that popular vote can mean basically nothing is dumbfoundidng. In a country of democracy popular vote seems like a it would be standard. popular vote seems like the best idea when it comes to a country for the people.

The electoral college is highly unfair to voters. Presidential candidates dont even have to visit all of the states to win the elections. The representation that the smaller states get is unfair. Presidential canidates will only visit states with a high number electoral college representatives because the states are known as "swing states". Swing states greatly influence the outcome of the election because they can hold the most power. If a state such as texas with 34 electoral votes was to have the same amount of power as a state with a much smaller population than the electoral college would seem much more viable.

The electoral college state representatives do not have to vote with that states popular vote. Al Gore, in the 2000 presidential election, won the popular vote but still lost the election(Plumer 9). The fact that a canidate can win the vote of the people but still lose the election is horrifying. How can you trust a system that works against what the United States of America is about. It completely takes away the right of people to decide what goes on in there goverment. The fact that the electoral college state representatives do not have to vote with people is highly unfair.

There is one crucial flaw in the electoral college, the election can end in a tie. In 1976 a tie would have occured if just 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 voters in hawaii had voted the other way(Plumer 12). If we were to switch to a system were all states including the District of Columbia get one vote then the election could never end in a tie. Although this still seems highly unfair to the voters because the representative could go either with or against the popular vote the election could still never end in a tie solving the amjor flaw. What was to happen if we did have a tie? It has not yet been desided because it never has happened and that is a major problem.

The electoral college is highly unfair and should be disposed of immediately. The electoral college is biased towards the larger states,has major flaws that can only be fixed by getting rid of the system and does not give a fair view of what the people want. The system was poorly thought out and needs to be replaced.

sincerely,

Jordan P.    