The author has a point that we should study Venus, it maybe an option to vist when earth is well populated. But first, scientise have to over come the dangers of Venus. Then find a way to make our machines to last long. Third thing is that they need to do is finding a way to overcome the many challeng that the planet has for humans to study.

First thing is that scientise have to overcome the many dangers of Venus. Venus's has a planet "surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit" with a "atomspheric pressure is 90 times more greater than what we experience on our" planet. Venus being second planet from the sun, "Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though that Mercury is closer to" the sun than Venus. NASA has an idea that might be "possible solutions to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus" is like a "blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape." A "vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions" and "at thirty-plus miles above the surface, tempertures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees fahrenheit" and "air pressure would be close to that of sea levels on earth."

Then scientise have to find a way to make their machine last longer.

Do to how the temperatures on Venus are "800 degrees" and the machine would be melting to the that kind of heat. NASA is working on a solution to that problem by testing different type of meltal like a "electronics made from silicon" have lasted three weeks in a "simulation of the chaos of Venus's surfaces." NASA have also look into "old technology called mechanical computers." "These devices make calculations by using gears and leavers and do not require electronics at all", so they would better for the suface of Venus.

Scientise need to Find a way to over come the challenging planet for humans studys. "Each misson to Venus ways unmanned, and for good reason." Since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. This could be the issue "why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades." An there are "numerous factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, dispite its proximity to us."

In conclusion Venus has many problem that contribute to the planet being challenging for human's studys. It is worthy striving to meet the challenge that has presented it self by Venus. "Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also becuase human couriosity will lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors."