Do you think our future will be a place with cars that we wont be driving? Will they be a world full of robots for drivers or just simply the car driving itself. Every year they are getting closer and closer to inventing driveless cares, in 2009 they started or were trying to invent a driveless car. They have been thinking and fascinated these cars in television and in movies. I agree o driveless cars being used because sesing the roads, driving and assisating, and it will be safer and thats what the law or the goverments wan't.

The car has sensors and will break by itself or know when there is danger or stuff behind you when you are in reverse.

Ever sice 1980 they started to use speed sensors but that was for the speed now they are putting break sensor when you push on the break hard the breaks automaticly turn on and they stop the car really quick to avoid crashes. These sensors will help out the human driver better controle and for he could manage the car and not to spin out. More and more improvements in sensors and cuputer hardware and software are being invented for driving could be more safer.

Driving and assisting people would help with being more safe on the road. In 2003 they announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assistant", meaning if you are driving near a traffic jam or an accident has accured you cant pass 23mph. The car can steer,accelerate, and brake themselfs, but they have touch sensors the car wont move if it doesnt feel the hands on the stearing wheel and the drivers full attention. For tye drivers wont get board they brought in-car entertaiment systems that use heads up displays, displays will turn off when the driver needs to take ove, something no availablee to drivers trying to text will the cell phone. This assistance will help people that cant see good but need to drive and handlycapp people also.

The law wants safe cars and the drivers to be safe and they are giving them cares that will be safe and drive by themself. A lot of states like California, Florida, and Nevada do not think these cars are safe so they are illegal in these states. Alot of states these cars have been proven to be more better and safer than cars that are there so it is legal to have these cars there. They dont even let them test drive how safe they are. Still if the law is changed they will have to make new laws because in the case of an accident, if technolagy fails.

This is why I agree on on the development of these cars. They are gonna be the future they will help alot of people not crash and to be more safe on the road. They are planning to have self driving cares by 2020 so we wont have to do anything anymore just hop on the cars on point A and get off at point B. The qote they use in this article ," The road to the truly automomous car stretches on ahead of us, but we grow closer to the destionation every day" goes with this article because every year of years they are getting closer and closer to 100% saftey and driverless cars. We are getting safer cars becausebthey are sensing the road, they help us with driving and assisting, and it will be sater and thats what the laws and the goverment want, to have safe cars. 