Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I agree that all students should be required to perform community service because it will help the students to be more active, it will guide us in the right direction, it will help keep our communities clean, and kids will be able to know how to perform a project worth doing.

I think that you should require all students to perform community service because kids our age start getting lazy and are not willing to get up and work with nothing in return. Kids these days only work for money and would never pick up a piece of paper of the ground because they have more "important" things to do. When my dad was a kid, he loved to do work for other people like he does now and he has impressed many people, some of these people was his boss, his teachers and principles, his parents, neighbors, friends, they all loved him so other kids started working too. Soon enough the whole community was clean but they kept on working to make it even better. Community service is very important especially for the youth of today.

When the middle school kids grow up, they will be led in the direction of helping others and when you help others you have no choice but to be nice to them too. My dad always takes us out to help the elderly who are to old to work. At first I looked at them and was disgusted. I wanted to be mean but since I was helping them it was impossible to be mean so I learned to be kind and gentlnow I love talking to the elderly about stories that might not even be true.

Parks are being trashed, teenagers are vandalizing buildings and equipment, many people let it go and blame them for making the communities trashed when rally it's our fault. If kids do community service, not only will it lower the vandalism it will also help clean up what's already there. In Boy scouts we are required to lead and perform one big project to help the community for the ranks of Star, Life, and Eagle. These service projects help the kids how to lead and perform a community service project. If the school requires this then we will have more and more kids learning how to create and follow through with a project. I hope the middle school kids will be able to help our community.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME