Many people have different opinions when it comes to whether or not it is safe to use a cellular device while being behind a car wheel . In my personal opinion it is not safe to use a cellular device while driving . It has a lot of affects and even your life can be on the line while you are using a cellular device . The majority of car accidents are due to the driver trying to multitask .

Texting and driving has become a large issue in today's society .According to (NHTSA) "2015, 10 percent of fatal crashes, 15 percent of crashes involving injuries, and 14 percent of all crashes reported by police were directly or indirectly caused by driver distraction. That year, 3,477 people were killed and approximately 391,000 people were injured on American roads as a result of distracted driving" people may not notice but phones can be a real dangerous threat. 90% of car accidents are because of human errors , 90% is a big percent for accidents. Texting while driving increases the chance of a crash by 23 times.

There are specific laws when it comes to texting while driving . Approximately 49 states in the United States have banned texting while driving . 21 States prohibit all drivers from using hand-held cell phones while driving. There is a law called "primary law" where a police officer can ticket the driver without the need of any other traffic violation. Another law is called "Secondary law" an officer can only issue the ticket if the driver was pulled over for another violation. In some occasions Judges can consider texting while driving a reckless driving and can even sentence you. Some of the consequences are getting fined , getting points off of your driver's license and Higher Insurance Premiums.

Many compare texting while driving with intoxicated drivers. (NHTSA) also concluded that texting while driving is six times more dangerous than driving while intoxicated. Tests have found that texting while driving slows your reaction by 23 percent . Each year there are about 10,497 deaths a year due to texting while driving compared to the number of deaths a year due to intoxicated drivers the number is less it is 3,285 which concludes that texting while driving is more effective.

In conclusion, using a cellular device while driving is dangerous . It can cause a car accident and maybe your own life and the driver in the other car . There are laws about texting while driving and you can get a big consequence either a ticket , a fine , getting points reduced to your drivers license and even getting sentenced by a judge for "reckless driving" . Due to all the consequences drivers should not use a cellular device while operating any sort of vehicle .   