Many of us have probably found our selves stuck in a situation when you cant decide on something. That can have us reaching out for advice from someone like a family member, friend, or even a stranger. But the person that you ask for help could have a different view point or idea than what had originally thought, wither good or bad. Getting advice from more than one person can prove to be a good thing to help you out when your having trouble seeing form diffrent angles form a decision making stand, asking for advice from multiple is good and can help you in decision making.

When asking more than one person for advice and hearing the different view points from them can prove very beneficial in your choice making.

Because listening to other peoples thoughts on things can help affect and mold your own ideas or choices. It can also help you to become more open minded about a new situation can be good for the mind because being able to see other positive outcomes of a different choice that you can make really helps you out in the long run and in a good way can help you choose a better choice.

When asking others for advice about making a choice, asking multiple people can help you make a better judgment and understand it more. When trying to decide on something we might not really understand what something means or have only seen a small fragment of its potential. By asking others and listening to what they think or know about it can therefore help you to understand more in depth and look at the bigger picture differently because of it.

I can agree that getting advice from more than one person can affect you in a positive way and can help you make better choices Because whenever I need advice trying to decide something like what food to order or what outfit looks better, I always ask my friends for help because I like to hear other peoples thoughts or opinions on something to help make a better decision then I could make on my own. When I was twelve years old my mom had signed me up for a summer camp that I didnt want to attend but talking to other people who had gone before made me change my mind, I was glad I was able to talk to them and changed my mind about it.

Asking for advice from multiple people is good for decision making, for example your family members, friends, or even strangers can help mold your choices or thoughts which can lead you to a making a better choice. They can better improve your knowledge or understanding of something that you didnt before, asking and talking about the different outcomes and other ideas with different people can help open more thoughts and opinions for you, and listening to others view points or beliefs can help you with your final choice.