Why does everything school related have to be about teachers? It should definitly be all about the students. If they're going to give students projects over the summer this is my input on how I feel about it. Projects should be student designed because students get to show their full potential of creativity and they'd acually want to do this project because it would be done how they want it to be done.

Students getting to show their full potential of creativity would be a positive effect on students and teachers. For example a lot of teachers don't like seeing as much pictures and colors a student would like on their projects. Which causes students to think projects are boring and not fun. There is no student in the entire universe that likes anything boring, especially work giving on a break. So if you're going to give them a project on their summer break. Let them put as much creativity they want on the project.

They'd accually consider doing this project because it would be how they want it to be done. For example during the 8th grade my class had a project due when winter break was over. The project was so dumb we could'nt put certain colors in our slides, and the words had to be in a exact font he wanted. The funny thing about it no one completed the project in that class. This proves no one wants to be told how to do their project. No one wants to be told what they can and can't put in their project.

Teachers are trying to make the project students are required to do teacher-designed. However they're wrong, because if they're going to give students projects during summer break. The students should be able to design it how they want to. Who wants a project they have to do and can't design it how they want to. That isn't fair to the students at all.

Projects should be student designed because students get to show their full potential of creativity and they'd acually want to do this project because it would be done how they want it to be done. So if you're going to require students to do projects over the summer break. Let them do as they please as long as they finish the project. This is how I feel about the situation of schools requiring students to do projects over the summer. Whether there student designed or teacher designed.