Have you ever need to get advice from someone? Getting good advice can be hard, but it helps to get multiple responses. One would want to ask multiple people, this is because people have different opinions than each other. An adult will have a different say on the topic than a teenager or kid. Asking a parent would help because they have most likely experienced what one needs advice on. When getting advice it is best to ask more than one person due to different opinions, different ages affecting their response, and different responses because of experience they may have on the topic.

First, people have many different opinions from each other. An example, if one were to ask there friend for some advice, their friends response would not be the same as their parents response. Another example would be asking a person who grew up rich, tips on saving money, and then asking the same question to one who grew up poor, their responses would be completely different. This is one of the biggest reasons to ask more than one person. Asking multiple people is a good way to get good strong advice compared to just asking one person because everyone has their own opinion.

Next, if one were to ask an adult for some advice they would get good advice, then if they asked a kid they wouldn't get as good quality advice as they would asking an adult. This is a very important reason to ask many people. Asking a kid will give you a different response compared to one who is older. Some kids may think its a joke and say something completely different, but other kids may give you the best response to their ability. Asking kids for advice isn't all bad, it depends on age and maturity. Most of the time asking an adult will usually be better than asking a younger person.

Then, asking someone who is experienced on the topic will be better. This person can tell you the advice they got, and then tell you some of there own advice. Asking your parents is good when your a teenager because they where once teenagers too and probably needed the same type of advice. Someone like a grandparent would be good too because they have been alive for a long time and have had many experiences and could give a person great advice.

Asking a lot of people with experience on your topic will give you the best advice you could possibly get.

Lastly, you can see asking more than one person helps get good helpful advice. People like a grandparent or a parent will give you better more reliable advice, but you still have to ask multiple people to get the best you possibly can. Asking people who are experienced, younger, older, or just different than others, will help you get good advice and the advice you gather will be really helpful. Asking people when you need the advice, even just asking two people will be better than just one, one could ask their parents and get better advice than asking a friend. 