Phones and Driving

Cell phones and cars are not a good mix and people should never try and use both at the same time. Using both phone and car at the same time can cause a major accident and can cause people to get hurt because someone wanted to use their phone while they drove their car. When you use your phone while driving you are putting more than yourself at risk of losing your life you also endanger the person you crash into and whoever you or they have in the car. When these two items mix it is no good for anybody especially the ones on the street.

The world is a very exciting place and there is so much to do and can even do multiple things at once, but somethings shouldn't be done while another is happening. Being on your phone while driving is one of the many things you shouldn't do it causes accidents that will leave someone badly damaged or without their life. When someone loses their life their family will grieve and you shouldn't want to be the cause of their or your family's grief so you should take precautions that you stay out of situations that could put you in the wrong spotlight.

On average 11 teens die a day from texting and driving. These are people who just wanted to see what their friends had to say or what's trending on instagram. As sad as it is, these people didn't take good precautions before they took off in the car, they just wanted to arrive at the location they were headed too. They didn't think that they were going to lose their life from texting and driving. People should learn from others' mistakes and shouldn't text and drive knowing it is dangerous.

There are over 2.35 million people in the United States today that are injured or disabled due to a car crash, and there are more than 330,000 of those accidents due to Texting and driving. When a person text while driving there is never a good outcome of them doing that a young teen or an older person or there self ends up getting hurt in the process. The generation today's technology has drastically increased. People are so reliant on the use of their phones and more things. Nowadays a lot of people don't even like to have a phone conversation simply because they can send it through a text. The conclusion of all the car wrecks the accident is mostly caused by a person wanting to text while driving .

The purpose of this essay is to give you some information on why you shouldn't text and drive at the same times. People always think they have to immediately have to respond to a text this is why many of the accidents occur. The ages that always cause accidents are the teens the ages from 17 and up they always act like soon as they hear that ding they have to check their phone. Don't text and drive text there is never a good outcome of that, think about your life and others. Text and drive doesn't mix you need your eyes on the road you can not text and drive, don't even think about picking your phone up. If you even think about picking your phone up just pause and think about how many lives you will be putting at risk by picking up your phone.

2            