This could be very vaulable. It could change the way things are being taught in class, when a student is bored the computer could pick up on it and find a way to make it more fun, also while letting teacher's know how their student's are feeling so they can find ways to make the class more upbeat and fun to learn in.

This techonlogy could be very useful to teacher's and students alike.

Teacher's could understand how their student's are feeling and find way to help them and figure out what it is they need, and how soon they need it.

Some student's are not very open, with their emotions or even their home life, this could help teacher's help student's that may be in need of social servies and such. With that being said, yes this could be very useful to other's and provide how student's feel in a class room on a daily bases. Even though, some may think that, that is the most stupiest thing ever to be told. Nobody in this day and age is very open with each other, they all feel the need to be one man for himself, nobody cares about how anyone else might feel, not even younger teachers, they think that because they are older they are more vauble and whatever they do is correct, if soemone who truly cared about their job, had techonogly like this. I feel they would be all means use this in the best way possible. Student's would have more fun and interesting school days, they would have more to come home and tell their parent's about all the cool and intresting stuff they learned that week and how their teacher's made them feel very welcomed and at home. Instead in 2018, almost every student is tested and made to feel dumb because all of these test, that are pushed on them, they won't remember tomorrow because it won't be something that's important.

In conclusion, school doesn't come easy to everyone. Some students really struggle but won't speak up because some teacher's and other student's make them feel stupid and that, they shouldn't be there. I think this techonogly would further help teachers, maybe, just maybe understand their own student's. If they cared enough to pay attetion to them and actually do what they get paid to do, which is help children learn, and love to learn to pass on to the next generation.    