Is online school beneficial to students? Should it be allowed to students? Online school is used to help students make up classes that they failed or didn't take during the school year. Some students even want to graduate early which means students are interested in online classes. Others might want to free some spaces for another class. A majority percentage of students even think its easier to do online school than public school.

One benefit of online school is students can finish any of the modules or lesson given early or late and still receive a good grade. Online students should be given a long period of time to finish assignments and projects because students can spend time thinking or researching about the assignment that was assigned.

Students in public schools are given less than a week to finish assignments which case stress and anxiety. Students are afraid that their projects or assignment is not good enough because of the short completion period. Public school students are given one class to do a entire lesson which is not a lot of time to be taught about a certain topic. Online school students can finish the lesson at a their pace which can reduce stress. Researchers found it shocking that students that attend online school tend to have a better grade than public school students because of the time given to students.

Second benefit of online school is it should be allowed for students to advances in core classes and electives. Students should also be given to opportunity to retake a class over the summer.

Why is taking a class better in the summer than during the school year? Classes tend to be less stressful during the summer than online classes during the school year because of summer break. Class during the school years are more stressful because sharing a online class with classes at school tends to build up stress which is not good for mentality. Students retaking a class over the summer is a good thing because it helps them relearn the main material that was learned from previous classes. It should also help the student know what they did wrong in the past and help them pass the class. This is a good thing because students can use the material they learned online and use it in the future.

Third benefit of online school is students can access the class anytime anywhere and you can ask for help easily. This is very beneficial because students can easily access the class with a click of a button. Students can access the class if they have extra time to spare, coming back from a sports event , and a important meeting for a club. It could also be accessed during vacation break when you're in a car ride to a water park or Disneyland and you want to get some assignments done before the fun. Students can also seek help by taking advantage of the video conferencing system. Students are on the video chat to interact with the teacher and the lesson so its easier to type a question. Students can also email the teacher of the class and ask for help or a question.

Some might say that public school is a better option for education but that saying is not true because online school has proven to many parents and students that it is a less stress zone and more beneficial to students. Students have a lot of time to finish assignments online. They can spend time at home with the parents while they do school work. Public school has nothing but offered stress and anxiety to many students.          