Your principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity to do after school do you agree?

Yes, I agree most people have time after school to join something, people try out for a sport but some of them dont make it,they have something to look forward to after school. People think school is boring but here is a way for it not to be.

Most people have time after school

, some people when they get home just play video games or eat because they have nothing to do, sitting around because there bored. Playing video games isn't good its bad for your eyes and your brain by sitting in front of a screen all day, playing video games dosen't accomplish anything. Eating because your bored doesnt do anything either except make you fat because your not working out or doing anything it just turns into fat. Sitting around because you are bored than if your bored do something for the school because they need people for sport teams and other things.

People try out for sports but dont make it

, so they quit, they dont want to do any thing, make your own sports club. So they quit because they didn't make it so they feel like well I can't do anything else. They don't want to do anything because there sad or they don't want to practice any more because they don't feel like they can make it. Make your own sports club by get a group that didn't make it in a sport and practice together then when tryouts are again your group can tryout together, if you tryout in a big group there more likely to pick you to be on there team.

People have something to look forward to after school

, do better in school, grades are improving, there liking what they chooses. Do better in school, people will get there work done instead of messing around. Grades are improving, people won't want to get kicked out of there groups or clubs so they will work harder and take it seriously. People will like what they chooses, they picked what they like instead of the school picking for them they actually want to go to there club, sport, maybe there own club if they made one.

You get to be you and not feel like you can't you fail you try again. If you don't make something you make a group but better. I agree with the principal we should have to do a group or a sport because its really going to help people with friends, bordum, grades these are just the little things there are more and more to go on about. Most people have time after school to do a sport or a club, people try out for sports but dont make them, they have something to look forward to after schhol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        