Is playing a sport a fun activity for students? Does it help students exercise? Does it help students get healthier? I agree that playing a sport is a fun activity to all students for many reasons.

To begin with, playing a sport is a good way to be more energetic. Playing a sport can help students exercise. Students might do some warm up games, do some work outs or they can practice at home with their families. Playing a sport can also help students get healthier. Students get more energetic, eat healthy food, and get in good shape. Playing a sport can help students do better things. They could run faster, get stronger, and it can help them do better in class

On the other hand, playing a sport is bad for some students. Students might get sick for being outside. If is winter and students are playing outside all day they might get sick from the cold or if is spring they might get sick from pollution. Some students might get injured. Students might break their arms or legs for playing with others students that are bigger than them. Some students might not be good at sports. Students might suck at soccer, football, or basketball and they won't play.

Even though playing a sport is bad for some students, they can still play. Even though students get sick they can still play. If some students get sick they can get medicine and go back to play. Even though some students might get injured they can recover. Some students might break their legs or arms, they can wait a few weeks and go back to play. Even though some students might not be good at sports they can still learn. Some students might suck at soccer, football. or basketball with practice they can learn how to play.

In conclusion, playing a sport is fun because you play with your friends, run around, or just feel the wind in your face. It helps students exercise by doing some warm up games, work outs, or practice at home with their families. It helps students get healthier by eating healthy food and get in good shape. I agree that playing a sport is a fun activity to all students for many reasons.