Dear Principal,

Community service has become a heated argument across the school.

Some think it should be required for all students, while others think it would take too much time away from what they need or want to do.

Community service is a big part of a strong community and good citizens complete their share of it.

So, why wouldn't we require this at our school for all students?

There is no reason not to.

Our school needs to require all of the students to complete community service.

The purpose of the school is to create educated citizens that will work to improve their community.

We teach things like math, science, and social studies to complete this task, and we bring in educators from programs like CPR to help as well.

So now that we are educated, and can help ourselves, it is important we make time for helping other people.

Community service is an easy and fun way to do that.

Some people ask how community service could benefit our school.

Well, teaching kids to go out of their way and help others now will create habits to help others when they are an adult.

Learning about the hardships of others can also teach us to appreciate what we have and how lucky we are to have the homes and jobs we have.

When I went in to my church to help feed the homeless and play games with the kids it really made me thank my lucky stars that I was blessed with all I have.

Not only did I give thanks after I visited the homeless, I also made new friends.

Their names were OTHER_NAME and OTHER_NAME, and they were both nice kids.

With all of these benefits it is obvious to see that community service should be a requirement for all students at our school.

Amazingly, there are many more benefits to this idea.

Completing community service will keep students of the street and out of trouble.

Instead of doing drugs they will be making someone less fortunate feel loved and happy.

I have no doubt that a full stomach, warm place to sleep, and someone to play Life with made OTHER_NAME and OTHER_NAME happy.

It would have made any homeless person happy, and more and more of them can achieve that good feeling and healthy life style if more people complete community service.

In conclusion, community service should be required out of every student at our school.

If students say they don't have time, they can always make time.

If you don't do it for the school or the students, do it for the hundreds, maybe thousands, of people and families that will get a second chance in life.