Have you ever asked someone for advice and when you took it it ended up being a bad idea. If you ever ask one person for advice and your not sure about it ask more people about it and see if you get the same advice as the first person. Asking multiple people for help can make the advise more valid and the next time you ask for advice you know which people to go to.

one reason you should ask multiple people is because it makes the advice more believable. Have you ever asked someone for advice on something, like telling the truth on something you did, and the first person you ask tells you to lie, you should ask other people if you're not sure. If the majority of the people tell you to tell the truth then you should go with that. Although, sometimes its not always like that because you could ask someone you've known for a long time and he knows you well, and he tells advice on something and you ask other people who dont know you very well and they tell you another thing, you should go with the person who knows you better.

Another reason you should ask multiple people for advice is because you'll know which people to go to for advice.

For example, you could ask multiple people on different advice and the people who consistently get different answers from the majority of people who give the same advice, you probably should not ask for their advice. If you ask someone for advice and they tell you something that might not be good, but you go with it any way you could get in trouble and you'll know not to ask that person for advice ever again. If you ask for a lot of people and know which kind of advice they give you know who to go to when you need advice.

Asking the opinions of other people on things you need help with is a good idea because it makes the advice you get from one person more valid and you'll know which people to go to when you need advice. And some times there will always be one person who will tell you bad advice. But the good thing is that at least you'll learn from it.  