There are many different issues and benefits for distance learning like for example I already know if i have distant learning and online classes and dont have to physically go to school or leave the house i would be very lazy I might watch

TV, play video games in the middle of the lesson not wake up in time for my classes or leave in the middle of the video conferencing to get food. I know most kids want this and thinks its a good idea and that they can benefit from it but i think that kids like me wouldnt but if you have to physically come to school some of the days like if you have the class all week that they make a rule that if you dont come to class physically for 2-3 days then they would lock your online work and u would fail, and if the teacher disciplines you and actually cares if you pass because some teachers dont care if you pass or fail then i think its a good idea,but i feel like a lot of kids struggle in school now a days including me because these 4 years of H.S was hard for me and I know people that struggled to and I know that me and other people i know would be distracted. Also some people like to work with each other face to face and work better like that and feel more comfortable asking questions and some people like to work alone or might be shy or nervous. So in school some teachers give a lot of homework,assignments, and projects so how would they do all of that while having online conferences and only online classes. I feel its better to actually go to school and go to classes rather then taking classes online, because i feel like you can forget about your online classes easier then forgetting about going to school because i had online classes before and i always waited last minute and forgot about it sometimes i didn't even finish my online classes. I also feel like you can get more accomplished by going to school and doing classes because you can go to tutoring after school, ask teachers,guidance counselors,or friends to show you and take it step by step on how to do your work.

1. Reason you can benefit more from going to school is because it allows you to socialize and meet new people who wants to sit on a computer all day doing work,being bored, and not talking. Like the last project i had for my history class a couple months ago the teacher said we had to pair up so i asked this girl infront of me if she wanted to pair with me she said yes and now me and her are going out and for this 1 reason i feel like coming to school is beneficial.

2. Also another reason you can benefit from coming to school is because you can make new friendsand learn to work together with others and working together can make the educational experience better for this reason i feel like coming to schoolis more beneficail.

So this i why i believe coming to school is more beneficial then going to online classes or vido conferencing