When I think about owning a car that can drive itself it blows my mind. Never in a million years would I think that in my lifetime, this could be possible. Many people believe that driverless cars are a wonderful, innovative idea. On the other side some people believe that driverless cars could be dangerous. I favor driverless cars in most aspects, but it would be foolish to think one-sided.

There are many benefits of driverless cars. For me specifically, sometimes I find it hard to get rides to go places. With a driverless car I could go anywhere at anytime. In my family we are very busy, sometimes at different places at the same time. Sometimes I have rehearsal and my brother has wrestling practice while my parents are both at work. We do a lot of carpooling. With driverless cars it would be a lot easier.

There are some benefits but there are also some negatives of driverless cars. Even though the companies manufacturing these so called driverless cars have made sure they have every safety measure in place there are still somethings even they can't control. Weather can sometimes play a big role in how a car drives. Wind and rain can effect your driving and sometimes even eathrquakes and tornadoes strike when you are driving. Eventually they may produce a tool that could combat this but as of right now I don't know how we can get over this obstacle. Machines may react faster and smarter than humans but there will always a small fraction of accidents caused by animals or pedestrians in the road. I don't think we should take for granted this improvement though. Look at it like this, machines may not be perfect but they are certainly better than humans. Humans don't react as quickly. Think about drunk drivers, the amount of accidents caused by drunk would most likely be exponentially decreased.

With driverless cars I think our roads would be significantly safer. Although driverless cars are still a work in progress I think we have made a huge improvement to our safety. If this goes through to the next stage I wouldn't be suprised if we saw less death due to car accidents. That is my position on driverless cars.