The Election by popular votes for the president of the United States is what I'm am arguing for. Having a president by the people who vote for him/her will make everyone happy& make everyone more comfortable. Having this argument is being done for all the people that agree with me. We as American Citizens should have a say so in who we chose as president. Good president, bad president. Either way, we should decide. It's only fair.

If we all voted for the Electoral College, voters would not vote for the president, which would make most people discusted. Another thing, say you lived in Texas..and you wanted to vote for John Kerry, you'd vote for 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. They would go to Congress and Kerry would get 34 electoral votes. Who are the electors? They're could be anyone not holding public office. It depends on the state who picks the electors, anyway.

There are fives reasons for retainging the Electoral College despite its lack of democratic pedigree. All are practical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons. one of the reasons is, "certianly of outcome." Example, in 2012 Obama recieved 61.7% of the electoral vote compared to Romney's 51.3% of the popular votes. A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes, 538, is an even number, but its highly unlikely.

Another of the five, "Everyone's Prseident",No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. So a solid regional favorite, such as Romney was in the south, has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states, for he gains no electoral votes by increasing his plurality in states that he knows he will win. A candidate with only regional appeal in unlikely to be a successful president. So why only use certian votes?

That is just a couple reasons why I am arguing today about Electoral College Process. I certianly disagree on the Electoral college.

THIS SUCKSSSS. Lol                                                                             