Summer assignments have been used by teachers and most educators to keep the students mind flowing through the summer. Students creating the projects for themselves is not a good thing, they can make it as easy as they want,therefore, students do not get the proper knowledge. The system of summer projects is the best it can be when the teachers choose the project for the students.

Teachers jobs are to work with every student and give them assignments to help them grow and prosper, what is the point of paying a teacher if they are not going to give the projects. Students may think they know what they should do, the teachers are with them and watching them almost every day trying to taylor the material to every student. Summer projects are meant for the students to stay sharp and ready for the school year to come,consequently, students making there own projects would not be in the best interest of themselves because they do not know what kind sort of work there will ne next school year. The teacher can prepare you with a project of there choice, teachers know what is best for their students. Teachers also have to make sure the project isnt too big or too small for the amount of time the students are on summer break.

Most students would think the project is important because they pick it themselves. No one wants to be doing school work during there break, if the student chooses the project there is more incentive to not do it. Summer vacation is about 3 months long, a teenagers brain will forget many things over the span of 3 months,therefore, teachers watch carefully and pick a project that will help everyone remember something important for next year. Teachers can also make more elaborate and fun projects, instead of doing a simple poster board or power point that the student would likely choose and do something in the community. For example,a teacher wants her class to stay up to date on there economics during the summer, but she knows she must design them because her class would just make essays and slideshows, she wanted more for her students not just writing and researching.

Students designing summer projects could help students express creativity and make them feel free to make there own decisions with their project. Students could pick a project that would help them individually, instead of pick one project for everyone, that might help some kids but some others may want to do there own thing. The student can make the project fit into there schedule, summer is a busy time for everyone and some people will no have time to do a huge project over there break. Students creating there projects would lower stress because they would be doing a project on somthing they like and that could get more people to get it done over the summer.

In conclusion, students should not be designing there own summer projects because they could choose a really easy project just so they can get it over with and that ruins the purpose of the summer project. Also, teachers know what there students should remember for the next year and what will keep there brains thinking through the summer, students should trust their teacher and expect a challenge to keep the brain active.